




intellibiz - real estate investing for beginners & pros | bill vaughn
simple man's guide to real estate by intellibiz | bill vaughn




































 toggle navigation    
real estatemade easy




intro
contents
mentoring
free books
testimonials
order
contact

 









a simple man's guide to real estate investing
residential - multi's - commercial - industrial - land
training & assisting investors since 1989

			turn 6 hours a week into a 6-figure income
			no cash or credit required
			
			includes free mentoring & contract software

			no experience necessary
learn more
 










  


 give us 30 minutes...

...
and we can show you how to create wealth without using cash or credit, like...
     * homero, who in less than
2 weeks and without cash or credit earned 
this certifed check for $10,000
on his first wholesale deal; 
     * or how russell,
homeless with no cash, credit or job and living in a van  made
$16,900
 on his first try   

     * or  

do a rehab like this one that earned a
$110,000 profit!

- or create passive income for life -


who we are we
are a group of christian real estate investors founded in 1989
by bill vaughn,
who began investing in 1969. we offer this complete course on a
not-for-profit basis - our way of fulfilling the need to "give
something back" as required by our faith. complete with all the tools
necessary for success including all
24 methods & strategies in one complete course plus optional mentoring by professional
investors free for first 30 days; plus our patented foolproof contract software; 
24 real-estate related bonus books and more





 what we offer
this program is for real - no "infomercial" hype, no seminars designed only to enrich the "guru", no celebrity bs - just a simple program that really works the way you need it to. when a course works, as ours does, gimmicks such as infomercials, seminars, boot camps or bus tours are unnecessary for selling it. all our clients come from either this website (24%), or word of mouth from satisfied clients (76%).
think about that for a moment - why are other "gurus" spending millions each month running infomercials, then millions more running seminars unless customers are not referring them?
    as a non-profit we can offer all this and much more for a one-time cost of just $49.95
- a complete program - nothing else to buy.  - click images to explore -


  




  




  
 







        order today 
  and receive 

24 free
 bonus real estate investing books, including bill's new 
        "simple man's guide to wholesaling made 
  easy"         a step-by-step
   guide to cash profits in as little as 14 days        
   
   and 
       "simple man's guide to the b-r-r-r-r method"
        a blueprint to start building your own portfolio of income properties
          yours
   free if you order today
           


and as a special bonus you will receive a free flash drive back-up of the 
entire course for portability, convenience and security plus a 160 minute audio cd/dvd setlearn anywhere - even while driving

*new!
optional
v.i.p.
club membership for
those who want extra benefits and services, including  
personal one-on-one phone consultations with the author, bill vaughn. you may choose the 
v.i.p. option on the order page.







time is money...

what will your bank account, or retirement
plan look like a year from now?

if the answer leaves you wanting, then you need
this course 
"if you do what you always did, you'll get what you
always got"

we are so confident
that we can teach you how to make money in real estate that we offer a 
lifetime,
double-your-money-back guarantee.
 you risk nothing. 


so, there is
only one question...

what is your
future worth?
our lifetime
guarantee assures you have nothing to lose by trying



order today and get it all -
the complete "simple man's guide to real estate" program | unlimited mentoring | 20
bonus real estate books | 
fool-proof contract software |
160 minute set of audio cd's | thumb drive back-up | 
(2) personal, private phone consultations with investor/author bill
vaughn
and because we are a not-for-profit, we can offer it all for

  just $99.95  
now just $49.95 complete (plus
shipping)
(a back-up copy of the course and all free items will ship next business day via usps.)











get in touch

please feel free to email us with any
questions. we are here to assist in any way we can.








emailintellibiz@yahoo.com







â© intellibiz. 





