




openprinting - openprinting








































          openprinting
        

about us

news and events

projects

downloads

documentation

upcoming technologies

driverless printing

printers

printer drivers

legacy printers under windows

contact us

donations







toggle menu











        
          openprinting

        
      
we make printing just work!


learn more
find a printer













openprinting develops ipp-based printing technology for linux®/unix® operating systems.











openprinting news - google summer of code 2025 - project ideas list posted! 


                    author: till
                    date: january 26, 2025


                  15 amazing project ideas - desktop, kde, gnome, security, oss-fuzz, image content recognition …

                  








openprinting news - windows protected print vs. scanning under windows 


                    author: till
                    date: january 20, 2025


                  windows protected print protects you from scanning

                  








cups-browsed 2.1.1 


                    author: till
                    date: january 11, 2025


                  bug fix release, especially to fix the long-standing problem that cups-browsed sometimes gets stuck with 100% cpu

                  













about us

learn more about openprinting, how it works, the people involved, and the projects maintained by it

read more









contribute

know how you can be part of an excellent community and help improve printing experience for millions of users

read more









cups

cups is the standards-based, open source printing system that is used on linux® and other operating systems.

read more









most modern printers work using openprinting software without additional drivers or software.openprinting also hosts a printer compatibility database of legacy printers supported by free software drivers.












driverless printers

most modern printers work ‘out of the box’ with openprinting software. browse the thousands of driverless printers.

browse









legacy printers

the foomatic printer database lists all of the printers that are supported by free software printer drivers.

browse









windows?!

our printer applications revive old printers under current windows, any model which works under linux.

read more









openprinting collaborates with standards groups and participates in coding/documentation programs.












printer working group

openprinting collaborates with the pwg’s internet printing protocol workgroup to support this ubiquitous printing standard.

read more









gsoc - openprinting

openprinting participates in the gsoc program under its umbrella organization the linux foundation.

read more









gsod - openprinting

openprinting participates in the gsod program under its umbrella organization the linux foundation.

read more


















 twitter
 github
 facebook
 code of conduct
 feed


© 2025 openprinting. powered by jekyll & minimal mistakes.










