



revelations screenplay epic brings bible prophecy to life!

















finally, the true interpretation of the bible's prophecy books,including revelation, and other mysteries of the world.learn answers to questions like:who built the giza pyramids and sphinx... how and why?when will the antichrist and false prophet appear?were there giants in our past?  are there titans in our future?what does lucifer, the original flying serpent cherub, look like?what really wiped out the dinosaurs?  is evolution a lie?who is god and where is heaven located?  what are ufo's?when will the final apocalypse or armageddon happen?when will the seven-year tribulation begin?



"have you ever wished you could go into the future and see what it holds?  or go back in time and see what really happened?  to know where one is going, it helps to know where one has been.  stories, myths and legends.  i'll show you where they all began. and more importantly, how they'll end." 



mankind has been separated from the truth about his past......but that's about to change!



 


~lauriannarevelations, alpha






"i love the humor!  i cried, i laughed, i got scared... you made it so real! truly the big picture!  i am most amazed about how you put all of this together.  your writing style reminds me of c.s. lewis."  ~ken graham; napa, ca"thank you for writing such a wonderful and explosive book.i now see the world in a different light."~theo diamantopoulos, australia"i was so captivated by the story that i couldn't put it down."~paulette richardson, aol.com"david, this is amazing work!  i have given you the highest numerical rating, a perfect ten, because revelations is great and i have never read anything quite like it on zoetrope."~jeff wang, zoetrope.com"a clever christian science fiction/space opera that makes velikovsky's cosmology look dull and scientology's alien-origin myth look like a sophomore student essay.  it was just so much fun!"~anna faye morgan, amazon.com



read the introduction 
david allen rigsby hasworked on several majormotion pictures, includingoctober sky for universal picturesand the cbs tv series, christy. 



"original, enlightening, and provocative ...a captivating tale!"~henry berry, editor/publisherthe small press book review"the most brilliantpiece of work i have come across,except for the holy bible, of course."~jason sant, australia"the breadth of the author's biblical scholarship serves himself and the reader well in these twin screenplays....a baz luhrmann-like movie of the bible with engaging moments."~leonard jacobsforewordreviews.com






an original screenplay epicbydavid allen rigsby



"unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of god:but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables."                                                                       ~mark 4:11"i will open my mouth in a parable, i will utter dark sayings of old..."                                                                      ~psalm 78:2 



preview the book!






compare prices at most popular online bookstores.



  


quarterfinalist in the big australianinternational screenwriting contesttop 40 out of 1,241 scripts!



   


press release - synopsis - introduction - conclusions - preview the book - dave's biofree shooting scripts - revelations trilogy - denver murals - eden maps - water canopydagon - lucifer - conehead - neanderthal - nimrod - photos - faq's - links - contact us



  revelations alpha and omega is based on revelations, the screenplay trilogy. it's a fictional account that accurately joins recorded history and the bible together for the first time. you're transported back in time to the garden of eden where you witness the fall of mankind and a third of all angels. then after a brief visit in the present, you're whisked into the future where the fate of all mankind hangs in the balance.david allen rigsby has devoted a lifetime researching how the bible and recorded history actually go together. from this unique perspective, you'll understand how the demise of our fifth planet (now an asteroid belt) fits into the timeline presented in the story of noah's flood found in genesis. this also explains the extinction of dinosaurs. you'll learn the real location of heaven itself as revelation alpha and omega takes you there to witness the fall of the anointed serpent cherub, lucifer. 



see full-size cover

































see who really built the giza pyramids and sphinx and more importantly, how and why! as you come forward in time, you'll witness the development of religions all around the world. you'll understand how satan's attempts to avert his own fiery fate as foretold in the garden of eden explain most modern-day and unsolved mysteries from our past.finally, the final apocalypse or battle of armageddon is the climactic end to a story that explains the bible's book of revelation in real time.  this is not just a story.  it's based on the truth.  but will you believe it?  even prophecies made by nostradamus and our lady of fatima are interwoven into this prophetic tale, which correctly predicted the fall of our world trade towers and the attack on washington dc.so what is next?  (find out by clicking here) 





