


pos international support, llc



























what's up?
as our clientele ages, a new generation of merchants are replacing them with a more modern view of software, deliverable as a service, over the internet. pos international, as a leader in point-of-sales solutions in the past, has always kept up with the ever changing and evolving world of pos solutions. we have evaluated hundreds of the newer pos systems to determine if there was a reasonable replacement available. we used many criteria in the search:

features
hardware
support
cost of ownership.

we have finally located a platform that satisfies all of the above criteria, lightspeed retail.
this platform provides way more that a person would expect for the price.
here are just a few of the features included:

pos screen with integrated loyalty, gift cards and credit cards.
an optional ecommerce store with realtime inventory.
will run with your existing hardware.
24/7 north american, english speaking support technicians.
comprehensive free training.
free data conversion of customers, ar balances, vendors, and inventory, by pos international.








 



home home 
about about 

demo demo 
original pos site original pos site 


























home
about

demo
original pos site






















pos
international support, llc.















 


pos international supportabout
home of powerpos

pos international, has been the home of powerpos since 1989. but, now, it is time to sunset this product.
powerpos has lived a fantastic life, and has seen itself running on dos based computers all the way through windows 11, with the help of our powerdos product. however, with the recent loss of michael turner, one of the company's directors and the retirement of the other director, it is time to stop supporting an obsolete dos product.
that does not mean that we are just letting our loyal clients 'die on the vine'.

learn more 







lightspeed retail platform highlights








retail checkout experience
lightspeed retail has the software you need to delight shoppers at the checkout counter and beyond. whether you're using a laptop, pc or tablet, lightspeed retail lets you stay on top of your sales and customers.

keep the lines moving with fast checkout features like quick keys and product lookups
accept all payment types, from credit cards to mobile and contactless payments
personalize the customer experience by collecting shopper details at checkout and adding notes to your sales
get a retail pos that meets your needs with custom fields and customizable buttons and receipts







inventory management
from inventory planning to tracking and reorders, lightspeed retail helps you stock the right products at the right time.

minimize out-of-stocks using reorder points and low stock alerts
get products to your customers with order fulfillment features like click-and-collect and shipping
say goodbye to inventory discrepancies and shrinkage with built-in inventory counting and stock management features







sophisticated retail analytics
whether you need a high-level view of your business or you're drilling down on specific metrics, you can do it all with lightspeed retail.

customize the view of your reports to see exactly what you need
identify your top employees and surface coaching opportunities using staff performance reports
improve customer engagement by identifying your top spenders and shoppers
run multiple locations? manage and monitor everything with lightspeed's multi-store reporting







manage all your sales channels in one place
lightspeed's synchronized inventory management tools let you instantly sell across channels and manage it all from a single pos system

use our built-in ecommerce features and integrations to sell online, offline and everywhere in between
sell across social media platforms like facebook, instagram and tiktok
leverage the power of online marketplaces like amazon, ebay, walmart and google shopping
sell everything from physical goods and services to digital products and subscriptions







fast, secure, integrated payment processing.
lightspeed payments gives your customers the flexibility they crave, all while protecting their data. accept credit cards, offer one-click payments, website payments, and more.

know what you're getting with simple pricing and no hidden or monthly processing fees
accept payments from all major credit and debit cards, apple pay and google pay
get paid securely with pci compliance plus end-to-end encryption















request a demodemo



please fill out this form to schedule a demo or get a demo system to try. or call between 9:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. et, monday through friday














please fill required fields
send request 



 






download powerpos export files

inventory export download ls_in.rpt
customer export download ls_ar.rpt

download the file into your "power" folder, then go to "system setup=>create report" and type in the report name(above) and hit <enter> and <f-10> and save the report. then go to "run report" to run it.






pos international support, llc. lightspeed partner
5763 hwy 85 north, pmb 4861 crestview, fl 32536
tom.fitz.pos@gmail.com 800-646-4767










