

default edba eastern dive boat association set the standards










    
			        eastern dive boat association
			              every dive brings adventure
all meeting will be by notice, see below to send email, general meeting are scheduled for the 3rd tuesday each month by notice, thank you











home page
boat members directory
uscg lic renewal forms
& uscg qualifications. updated october 2019
nav-rules download pdf-book
2692 marine accident form 

meeting dates & directions
join edba application
printable members page
lida website



connecticut

orbit marine
silver dolphin
			canned air

florida
lady catherine
new jersey
gypsy blood
john jack
robin ii
			sea lion
new york, long island
fish on
r/v garloo
sea hawk
sea turtle
			six pack
			wahoo
r/v  wreck valley 
north carolina
cape fear
olympus
associate  member captains:
captain kirby kurkomelis
			captain steven lombardo
captain's steve & maureen langevin 
the remembered;
captain george hoffman

captain val askins

easther askins 

captain  ken jastrzebski

captain "zero" joseph d. terzuoli
 
 
captain kevin osterbery
euphoria
 
retired boats:
atlantic city
aquarian ii
butch
deep adventures iii
defiance
explorer fish-on
			golden dream iii
			halftime
jeanne ii
karen marie
kronos
lauren -r
maverick
			mother ocean
outlaw
porthole
r.s.mark iii
			suzie q
			venture iii
wahoo
 
retired captain's:
captain bill demarigny captain jimmy iorizo, founding member 
captain art kirchner 
 captain john larsen, founding member 
			capt. bob nash
			captain tom napolitano  retired 
			captain paul hepler 
captain bill reddan  
dive boat lockness
			captain robert hayes 
 
			 





















edba founded 1975 setting standards for  boat diving.
       mission statement:  the eastern dive boat association is an organization of dive boat owners,
															operators and members dedicated to providing cooperation among all dive boats, while promoting education, recreation, safety, self-reliance and responsibility  in scuba diving. paramount to the accomplishment of its mission is the concurrent obligation to promote the conservation of the oceans, and assist in uncovering and preserving earth's history found in the world beneath it's water.
captain kirby kurkomelis, president & treasurer       email  
captain steve bielenda, vice president & secretary         email
check with your local boats or click on vessel members link, for the 2020 up coming diving season.











visit our facebook page to view, you can  post your pictures & comments. 
									type in eastern dive boat association.
the bts show is a few months away (march 27-29, 2020) please attend and make your voice known.
feb 17,2020
   click for larger picture
									left to right jeanne-ii crew mike, capt bill, captain steve, al golden,
									david tilzer, esther askins
uscg-safetyadvisory.pdf
uscg-federal-reg  wreck information
andrea doria slide show youtube link

uss san diego underwater bike ride

wahoo dive dan berg evie dudas steve bielenda

video  steve bielenda dan berg & dick long ne lobersting

video   wreck valley andrea doria video billy deans

recommended books to read and own:

captain kirby kurkomelis
" introduction to scientific diving ".
 email   seahuntdivers@aol.com
									 
captain kirby  kurkomelis;     introduction to scientific diving

      
 released december 2012 

peter hunt 
360.320.1264
peter@peterhuntbooks.com
www.peterhuntbooks.com

book-reviews

 
   
order  the book :   oregon, greyhound of the atlantic; a divers scrapbook.
									the story of the oregon from cradle to the grave.
 price: $25.00 plus shipping from    olwalrus@comcast.net or write to
									herb kaasmann 13a ocean st. highlands nj  07732 
 

captain dan berg, wreck valley series;  dan has written several book on treasure hunting dive training  & shipbuilding in a bottle and are available on his web site. 
bernie chowdury: the last dive
									robert kurson: shadow diver
									kevin mcmurry: deep descent & dark descent
                   
new fiction book with the andrea doria as the background topic
“in secret waters”.  writer by richard weissmann. 
the book is available on amazon e-book price is e-book @  4.99 and paperback is about $10.  

check vessel members for schedule and contact information.
we wish to emphasize that when you participate in any diving activity
									from an eastern dive boat association vessel, you are under your own care,
									custody and control. your safety is our concern but your safety while diving
									is  your responsibility.
plan your dive. dive your plan. be responsible

" general  meeting   edba   meetings   will be by notice only  
									if you want to attend, it  will be necessary that you
									rsvp to seahuntdivers@aol.com  no later than 
									 sunday before the called meeting . if we do not receive
									sufficient rsvps, the meeting will be postponed.
									your cooperation will be appreciated" 
president & treasurer
 send dues to;
captain kirby kurkomelis    email
vice president & secretary
									captain steve bielenda

tide table's maine through new jersey
http://uwex.us/ great web site to visit if your interested in shipwrecks.





 information

general information & electronic mail: captainswb@gmail.com

 
          eastern dive boat association:

disclaimer:  "the eastern dive boat association is a membership association. the actions, statements and opinions of its individual members, including past members of the association, do not, in any way, represent an expression of the association. any public action, statement or opinion of the association would only be made after consideration and approval by the
										association's officers and its membership, in accordance with the constitution and by-laws of the association." edba it's members,  operators, and authors can not be held liable for injuries, damages, loss, or death stemming from any of the information contained herein.
										this website is designed for information to certified scuba divers, students and potential students.

webmaster
copyright © 1995-2020



































