


 antique john deere tractors 























       


      









these tractor books would
 be
 great  gifts for 
all tractor collectors.











 antique john deere tractors







    
do you have a vintage john deere tractor and you don't know how to go about restoring it?  believe it or not, there is a book about that!! to find out how to get one, click here.




    

you can buy, sell or trade antique tractors and related equipment on our classified ads page.
with pictures.










see retired tractors on 













 











helen & eddie tencza





     


retired tractors.com


   
tractor tip of the week.
   

do you have a question about john deere tractor collecting?
commonly asked questions
 can be found right on the same page with the "tip of the week".




   
where can i get my magneto rebuilt? 
 this week's tip is sponsored by mainely magnetos
   


























   

  


meli's johnny popper identification page













         




   learn the differences between the many models of john deere two-cylinder tractors. tell them apart even if the decals are missing.  see the new pages explaining wheel configurations.  find out about "rowcrop", "standard", "hi-crop" and "crawler".       just go to the identification page and then take a look at the individual models.  


         



















          
<--------
click me 
to see where
i do my
shopping


our sponsors
do you know where i do my shopping?



john deere gifts!
john deere parts
tractor signs

       

tractor videos!
a rebuilt magneto!
a three point hitch!

       

john deere tractors and parts for sale
tractor books!
a john deere song!
new parts for old tractors!




























click on the book to see all of the tractor books for children.


     


bookstore 


     



click on me to see all the books about antique tractors.





see all of the tractor books here
tractor books for kids are great presents. see a huge selection of them, here




    




any time is a good time to buy   presents for your tractor-collector friends!! you can buy tractor books from amazon.com directly through this book page. you'll find books about john deere tractors, farmall tractors, and how to restore antique tractors.  just click on the books.  if you use the "searchbox" when you get there, you can see books on any other subject your heart desires!!  buy someone a gift they will really like.  if you don't know what they would like, buy them an amazon gift certificate. you'll find a link for that on the book page.  oh... and...  you can buy a gift for yourself, while you are at it!!!!
  you can buy toy tractors here, too!!


 














parts






john deere parts

    
are you looking for john deere parts?  get parts for your lawn tractors and your farm tractors  at green farm parts.


















meli's "fluff" department




hey... i want to talk to you... please click here











i

my






what's today's date ?? 
click here to see meli's  tip of the week !
see meli's easter page
see the easter tractor
 meli's puzzle !
see meli's christmas page
read a visit from st. nicholas"
click here to see meli's  oldies jukebox !
watch out for green fever.
 see meli's daffodils !! 
click here to see the shadetree mechanics in action!
 see meli's coloring book !! 
click here to see little johnny m !















meli's honor roll.   see davenport tractor, the latest recipient, here.


          


 meli's tractor school


    
are you new at tractor collecting??  click on the picture at the left to go to meli's tractor school and have all of your questions answered!!  are you a "pro" at tractor collecting??  click on the picture anyway;  there is something there for everyone!!!
    after all... meli is there!!!





meli's tractor school   is brought to you by mainely magnetos... click on the spark. 



come and take a look at our new coil-winding machine.






 
 





tractor information
found on this site:
antique john deere tractors
john deere model b's
more info on model b's
model b 
   parts catalog
john deere model h
antique implements

the retired tractors blog
about john deere
deere's first plow
the john deere logo
other tractor links
want ads












6/3/19
what's a johnny popper?
two-cylinder sounds!

our sponsors:

tractor books!
john deere parts
tractor videos!
john deere gifts!
three point hitches!
john deere tractors for sale
magneto service!
a john deere song!
new parts for old tractors!
tractor signs


central mass. steam,
 gas & machinery assoc. 

gathering of the green
2020 conference

other info found here:

when it snows!
meet gene, the owner
the hobby farm


   illustrated poetry    of robert frost


music
a trip to poland
the polish language
 polish books and cd's
polish xmas carols
model railroading
photography
old coins
antique tools
computers

              
nothing runs like a deere,

              
  or smells like a john.



 




to e-mail me, click here 
 email me 



e-mail policy:
easy questions: answered promptly
hard questions: take a little longer
impossible questions: way longer!



important! 

what if i didn't answer you?
then please click here.





if you have a question
please use the email




or...  if you want to 
place an ad,
 click here



































make yourselves at home.  
if you arrived here "trapped" within somebody else's frame,
and you'd like to break free, just click


as long as you're here, explore the pages!  have fun! 
if you get lost, just click on the little tractor symbol 
at the bottom of most of the pages.





















  


     this place has been a web site since 1861.  (spider webs, that is!)








 















you can even
mow dandelions









for more info about the no.5 mower, click 
find out how to mount the no.5, click 









webster the spider says
"surf the web! see more
tractor stuff! check
out these pages!"





















god bless america, look here for some great music!


 









depending on your browser
the sound may play by itself,
or you may have to click something here.







do you play an instrument? 






you can get sheetmusic 
here!

    




you don't play? get cd's
here!


































    






    


this site is hosted by
godaddy.com





   







if you have a question,
please use the email box, okay?

or...  if you want to place an ad,
 click 











