









jon sullivan











jonsullivan.com 






about



                        blog
                    

latest post
favorites




                        photos
                    

galleries
food
showing off
black & white
all time best
macro
astro
travel
san diego
ireland 2018



archives



                        misc
                    

old stuff
recipes
thanksgivings
listening to

gear
contact jon






                        
                
 










the happiness problem

by jon sullivan - 2025-01-24 - jonism
<<<<< previous blog     
        album containing this post's photo 



for a couple years being happy 24/7 was great. as 2025 unfolds, happiness seems misplaced. 
first - i am happy. i won't let go of happy. if fascists taking my happiness away would be even a miniscule win for them, they won't get it. call me crazy, but i like being happy. but at the same time i am left devastated and heartsick by the government attack on my friends and family. i find myself emotionally gutted and constantly on the edge of tears. and there have been many tears. so..... if i sometimes seem a bit too happy during the nation's war on common decency, please know that there are waves of anger and disgust and horror seething behind my smile. at 62 i feel like my happiness was so long in coming and i don't want to let it go, even in the face of billionaire nazis running the country. so, i hope it's okay if i am joyously happy, while also seething with anger. 
when i was young i was taught, both at home and at school, that this nation was founded on the idea that all of us were here with innate rights. not rights given to us, but rather rights that were an extension of human existence. life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. i was encouraged to say a pledge everyday which promised justice for all. freedom, i was taught, was my birthright. that the usa, perhaps even uniquely, was a country where we would never live at the mercy of kings and dictators and slave owners. where no one would be above the law. where any common person could succeed and prosper based purely on their merit, rather than lineage or grift. 
in 2025 that usa is gone. we are wage slaves to an oligarchy that uses machines to craft better ways to grind us down. our love is only valid if we pretend we are someone we're not. basic human rights, supposedly inherent in our existence, are now commodities available only for purchase. for too many of my friends and family, freedom is replaced with a struggle just to exist. we work as hard as we can, yet we fear homelessness. when we ask our billionaire overlords for common humanity, we are told that poor people are the problem. when we ask for a living wage we are told that trans folk in our bathrooms are the problem that has priority. criminals and perverts are lecturing us about the criticality of weeding out criminals and perverts. as a one income family becomes a fleeting dream, we are told women need to stay home and bear children or be portrayed as a failure.
when the most moral among us stand up and plead for compassion, they are angrily told to apologize. 
so..... i am happy. so so happy. so fucking happy. because i know love is love. because i am surrounded by so many of you who understand the importance of kindness. because you and i, together and always, seek out and hope for and manifest peace light love joy. as the country darkens, let our light shine on. 
<<<<< previous blog     





news

eugene weather45.41 degrees f, rain (light rain)min: 44.26 ,max: 46.15 ,humidity: 94, wind: 11.5eugene, or - best restaurantseugene, or - things to doeugene, or - fish reportsoregon road conditions 



best photos





2021


2019


2017


2015


2013


2011


2003






2022


2020


2018


2016


2014


2012


2004



2002








recent posts


- the happiness problem     for a couple years being happy 24/7 was great. as 2025 unfolds, happiness seems misplaced. - virtue vs     a good test of your faith is to see how it holds up to a world filled with suffering and evil and injustice.- eat the rich     elon musk is accused of cheating on video games. luckily i am an expert in these sorts of things. here's my take.- 2025 - the year of recipes     obviously i need to post more recipes. let's make it count for something. taking requests.- 2024 best photos     i didn't get as many photos this year. more inner journey than camera adventure. but it was a year.- grey     i don't remember the last two winters being this grey and cloudy, rainy, wet. this winter has felt proverb level wet. - snowflake     i am what the ruling class thinks i am - woke, socialist, liberal, hippie snowflake. always have been, always will be. 




food i cooked







































old school blogroll

            •kottke.org
            home of fine hypertext products.

            •metafilter
            a community weblog.

            •a chicken is not pillage
            you forgot his exclamation point! it defines him. he put it there for a reason, to show how in! your! face! he is.

            •jessamyn.com
            abada abada - twenty years of jessamyn

            •matt haughey
            a whole lotta nothing

            •dooce
            heater, mother of lance

            •anil dash
            a blog about making culture. since 1999.

            •some bits
            nelson's weblog

            •everlasting blort
            proud member of the reality-based community

            •whatever
            this machine mocks fascists

            •scripting news
            it's even worse than it appears.

            •flutterby
            short attention spans in a world full of flowers

            •mimi smartypants 
            seriously, though: what's with the penguins?

            •montreal city weblog

            •stupid evil bastard
            what the fuck is wrong with you people?

            •idle words
            brevity is for the weak 

            •making light
            say what you mean. bear witness. iterate.

            •wilwheaton.net
            50,000 monkeys at 50,000 typewriters can't be wrong

            •justin hall
            growing & breaking down since 1994

            •mike the mad biologist
            helping idiots who desperately need my assistance by calling them fucking morons since 2004

            •jwz

            •mssv

            •akma’s random thoughts
            ruminations about hermeneutics, theology, theory, politics, ecclesiastical life… and exercise.

            •things magazine
            an occasional weblog about objects, collections and discoveries

            •miscellaneous heathen
            hold to the now, the here, through which all future plunges to the past.

            •kimberussell.com
            where it's always virgo season

            •cockeyed





recent trips

            getting it ready for you.
        









copyright © jon sullivan 2025   privacy policy | terms of service 








