




andre the giant – the 8th wonder of the world













































skip to content










biographywrestlingactingphoto gallerylicensing





menu
close





biography
wrestling
acting
photo gallery
licensing





 










 







about the giant 



at 7’4″ and 500 pounds, andre the giant could have been famous for his size alone. his drive, talent and ambition, however, proved to be as big as andre himself, and the wrestler became legendary for his achievements in and out of the ring.andre was born andre rene roussimoff in grenoble, france on may 19, 1946. his parents, boris and marian roussimoff, and four siblings were of average size. andre, however, suffered from acromegaly, a disease that results in an over abundance of growth hormones. also known as giantism, this disease caused andre’s body to continue growing his whole life, and by the time he was 17 he stood 6’7″.due to his immense stature it seemed inevitable that andre would excel in the wrestling world. he had just started to make a name for himself in the ring as “monster eiffel tower” or “monster roussimoff” when french-canadian wrestler edouard carpentier first laid eyes on him. carpentier was impressed with andre’s raw talent and decided to bring him to north america… 






read more









 








quotes 



i don’t like to speak badly of people i have grown up thinking and being told that if you cannot say something nice about someone, you should not say anything at all but must break that rule in this case because i hate hulk hogan very much he is a big ugly goon and i want to squash his face. 



about the giant 








 





superstar stats 



height: 7’4″weight: 520 lbshometown: grenoble, francesignature moves: sitdown splash, double underhook suplexother identities: jean ferre, monster roussimoff, giant machinetag teams: colossal connection with haku, heenan family with bobby heenan, haku and arn anderson (survivor series), megabucks with ted dibiasecareer highlights: wwe champion, world tag team champion, undefeated for nearly 15 years in wwe, 1993 wwe hall of fame inductee 








years undefeated 



15 





championships held 



6 





wrestlemania appearances 



6 





beers drank in 1 sitting 



119 








acting career 



andre’s success inside the ring helped open the door to hollywood. he made his acting debut in 1975 as “big foot” in a special two part episode of the six million dollar man. andre went on to perform in other television shows including zorro, the greatest american hero and the fall guy. andre made another two part episode for the show b.j. and the bear entitled “snow white and the seven lady truckers.” he also had parts in movies such as conan the destroyer, micki and maude, and trading mom. his favorite role, and the one for which he is best remembered, was the lovable giant “fezzik” in rob reiner’s classic the princess bride. 






read more









 























				© copyright 2025 -  andre the giant			








 
































