


retro apron old fashioned aprons christmas apron heating pad






























retro apron made in american
        decorate yourself and your kitchen in stylish old fashioned aprons
best  heating pads with deep heat for your body







order online here
tel: 435-648-2141
home
 

aprons
1940 apron
aunt rosie 
aunt rose 
aunt sophie 
aunt violet
christmas apron
girl aprons
grandma apron
gingham apron
halloween apron
heart aprons
holiday aprons
kitchen aprons
men & boy
mother daughter apron
polka dot apron
thanksgiving apron
valentine heart apron
victory apron
waitress apron
wedding apron
1940 kitchen apron




heating pads
large heating pad
neck heating pad
square heating pad
heating pad
back heating pad



toys 
 

half aprons
1943 half aprons
1944 half aprons
1948 ruffle half apron
cafe soda fountain
girl half aprons
retro half apron
victory half apron
waitress aprons
wedding aprons
half aprons



thanksgiving

christmas

halloween

      cookbooks


christmas stockings
christmas stockings
pet stockings




kids shop
baby bibs
baby shop



      cloth face masks


pet dogs & cats
dog scarfs
cat scarfs
pet christmas stockings


canning peaches
canning raspberry and apricot jam
planting tomatoes
how to dry mint
wheat grinder
customer comments

retro kitchen apron
made in america aprons
red gingham cobbler apron, aunt bee would love it

old fashioned cobbler apron in red gingham women number 109 and girl number 233. a beautiful full apron with larger red gingham pockets. cover yourself in the kitchen while looking great. just hang it up and it will decorate your kitchen beautifully. we call it aunt rose
 
red polka dot red gingham mother and daughter apron

red polka dots with red gingham pockets and top. long apron strings for mom  and girl aprons. 1940 apron in red polka dot and red gingham 189  girl  number 251    
 
large heating pad

extra large heating pad, large and extra large
large heating pads come with a a  washable flannel pillowcase.       throw it in the microwave for instant deep penetrating heat. you will love it   almost as much as your dog when you feel how deep the heat goes into your muscles..



microwave heating pad
retro red gingham apron

1940 retro red gingham apron women 121 girl 201  get out your better homes and garden cookbook and you will match perfectly with the  red gingham checks. this apron was worn a few years back by the 50 volunteers  honoring  the veterans on d-day in charleston, west virginia. retro style aprons in a size just for you with long apron strings and large pockets. 
 

girl apron in 1940 pink polka dot and pink gingham
          women  number 2088 girl   20002
         you can get matching woman apron.
grandma polka dot apron
it is cold outside, get yourself a heating pad to keep warm up.

neck heating pad 
          deep heat to your muscles and body.  use it over and over for a lasting heating pad and a washable flannel pillowcase 


if you turn your neck heating pad upside down it is a perfect fit on your lower back or drape over your shoulder hip or knee. for those who need heat or cold. deep penetrating heat or use it as a cold pack
 stitch thru time instagram  to see what our customers have to say about our neck heating pads.      








old fashioned cookie recipes

1st american cookie lady cookbook $16.95
the 1st american cookie lady is based on a fascinating mystery with yummy cookie recipes
old fashioned vintage tractor trailer apron

          vintage tractor harvest apron number 2290 red and blue vintage tractors harvesting apples pumpkins sunflowers and corn stalks. what a fun apron to wear year round.        
vintage tractor

tractor apron in the pumpkin patch with apples in baskets and sunflowers. a red barn in the background will bring you the feelings of home
 
microwave heating pad

 microwave heating pad  comes with a washable pillowcase. if you know someone who needs warm hand and feet this is the perfect gift for them. they can also take it to bed for a bed warmer. take it to games or on a trip.
this the best heating pad i have ever had. it goes way into my muscles where it hurts for more comfort i have felt in a long time. i will put you in as my favorite. sam olsen new york.
make memories in the kitchen for dinner with your kids own rolling pin

kids  wood rolling pin just like moms. pastry set included. a small rolling pin for helping mom in the kitchen. just perfect to make lasting memories in the kitchen.

old fashioned grandma aprons in land of liberty 2281 
vintage blue pickup trucks, the liberty bell, cowboy boots with flowers, an old barn and vintage bicycle with a rooster and sunflowers. there is even a rocking chair with a flag pillow. this apron is absolutely the good old usa. written on it is god shed his grace on thee, let freedom ring, sweet land of liberty and i pledge allegiance to the flag. this is just darling.




 
retro red polka dot ruffle apron
 

aunt rosie full ruffle aprons in red polka dots style 2100 
retro red polka dots in the aunt rosie style, a beautiful full  ruffle apron with gathered round red gingham pockets.. 
          the bottom and top have white trim to set off a very stylish apron. red gingham pockets and long apron ties to make a pretty bow in the back. 
 
 
half apron  we made for the  servers at the kate spade grand opening in hong kong but in all white. 
ruffle half aprons

1948 ruffle white half aprons with red trim make this  pop.
          mom sizes number 40040 and also comes in girls apron 
          this apron in all white was worn by the servers at the grand opening of kate spade in hong kong.
        
 
 
customer comment
  my newest heating pad arrived this morning, just ahead of a  major snow storm. perfect timing and beautiful flannel. i love, love, love the  pattern and softness. i will be cozy and warm no matter how much snow we get! thank you so much! lisa c. denver, colorado
 
neck heating pad for deep penetrating heat
heating pad with soft flannel pillowcase for easy cleaning just wash heating pad cover in the washing machine.

we have sold thousands of neck heating pads and have never had one returned in all the years we have sold them only orders for more. heating pad moulds to your neck and delivers deep heat and fits your lower back. made with pockets so heat stays even. best neck heating pad ever!        
 
red gingham pinafore grandma apron

red gingham grandma apron #156   large red gingham pockets and white trim and ric rac like the old fashioned aprons you grandma wore. it rests on your shoulders and doesn't pull on your neck. a very pretty apron for small or full figured women.
our sister website is https://apioneerwoman.com/ 






red gingham half apron

1944 red   gingham half apron number 325  a beautiful full half apron in red gingham. flowing and very stylish with  white trim in a very retro apron. large pockets with white trim add to the retro look.
wonderful for a family get together and grandma would love one too.

1940  old fashioned sofa fountain   apron number 2195  girl 1940 apron 33027 
christmas apron

retro cafe soda fountain half apron with long red gingham  ties. 
          a retro half style with retro red polka dot pockets number 40051      




 

old fashioned 1940 gingham aprons for mom and girls you have seen this on pinterest and they belong to stitch thru time. shown in kids sizes but it also comes in matching adult sizes.. 
 

over the shoulder grandma apron in pink rose 

grandma apron pink roses on pink number 2295  comes with round or square pockets. 

 
 

grandma apron soda fountain 
          2196 
          old fashioned cafe apron with shakes, hot dogs root beef floats ice cream sunday ice cream cones hamburgers and french fries.  you will love this fun apron more than in n out burger in the 1960s      






 
gingham aprons
 
retro red gingham half apron

1948 ruffle red gingham half apron women 40031   girls 4049 this comes with round or square pockets, a darling ruffle all the way around in red gingham with white trim and white rick rack and it is so retro looking. soft ruffles surround this beautiful style that is washable and made in the u.s.a. 
grandma pumpkin apron

grandma apron  old fashioned pumpkin number 2160 harvest your pumpkins and gourds by putting on the perfect thanksgiving holiday apron while cooking memories in your kitchen coming out of a norman rockwell painting. made in america 
 

tiddly winks 203 $10.95
36 tiddly winks, 6 shooters in 6 colors with a wood scoring pot and a color canvas pouch. they all come in a classic toy jar. a 20 page handbook on the history of tiddly winks and techniques for you to use
 




girl blue gingham retro half apron 

old fashioned blue gingham retro half aprons, adult 302 and girl 407 retro half apron just like mom. you might remember her wearing this and maybe you had one like it. you can have those wonderful feelings again, create new memories for you and your loved ones.
 

aunt violet apron red polka dot all over          ladies 2149
 aunt violet  in red polka dots. old fashioned cobbler style apron with a retro red and white polka dots. white trim contrasts the large pockets  pockets and this old fashioned apron rests  on your shoulder for comfort. a pretty apron that covers you while cooking in the kitchen. 
pink gingham cobbler apron

pink gingham grandma apron with pretty round large gingham pockets number 159. it rests on your shoulders for a comfortable pretty apron to keep you clean in the kitchen. comes with square or round pockets        






retro polka dot aprons

1940 apron pink polka dots and pink gingham, a retro style 2088  girl 20002 
 
 
 
 
 





girl apron in 1940 pink polka dot and pink gingham
          women  number 2088 girl   20002
grandma polka dot apron

grandma apron red polka dots with black polka dot pockets, 
          2000 
granny apron in black and red polka dots really set this off. black polka dot pockets and black trim make this  stand out. the apron ties are in red gingham.
spinning tops made in america toys
          old fashioned toys        

whirligig tops 202 $3.50 four optical illusion tops 
          this old fashioned top is easy to use for any age. an   inexpensive gift but one that will be used over and over. great to put in a christmas stocking.






vintage christmas apron

grandma  christmas country church apron 2197 old fashioned country church on a beautiful christmas scene. they look like southern churches decorated for the holidays and snow capped mountains.
snow covered churches for christmas





 
 
heart apron on the cover of the washington post and worn by the nanny on the view tv show
 

heart apron in yellow gingham number118 matching girl heart aprons 70003  this is the apron that was on the cover of the washington post and the nanny wore one on the view television show. you may get this pretty heart apron in many of our beautiful fabrics.
 
 
 






cherry apron

1940 cherry apron with white polka dots number 2178 retro 1940s is back when you put on this retro apron. you will want to pick these cherries for your cherry pie.

aunt violet cherry yellow polka dot old fashioned apron #2182




 

grandma apron in cherry  and polka dots 2179  old fashioned apron with pretty cherries and yellow polka dots.

cherries that look so good you will want to pick and eat them.
          stitch thru time has this pretty material for our very special aprons.  limited material.
 
 







1940 retro apron  good old days  2069 and girls 33020 old ringer washers with clothes on the clothes line. a girl with her cat and basket full of clothes. old maytag washer and much more in this darling apron. blue trim and long blue gingham apron ties will make this one of your fun aprons.        
 
white half apron

retro white half apron 305 and child 421 white half apron with large square pockets and white ric rac and long apron strings.
 
 




grandma apron

grandma apron in good old days 2070 grandma smock apron with old ringer washer, clothes hanging on the clothes line, ironing board and girl with her cat. just a few of the fun things on this cute apron.. 

aunt rose apron in good old days 
  women number 2135  girl 20004 
old fashioned ringer washing machine with   clothes and beautiful quilts hung on the line to dry. old ironing boards and little girls outside with the clothes basket. a one of a kind apron to love.






red truck apron

 
cupcake christmas apron with green polka dots

girl christmas cupcake  apron 1940 christmas cupcake women number 2093 
  girls  33005 get matching aprons for mom and daughter for fun in the kitchen. just look at your apron for fun ways to decorate your cupcakes this holiday season.
 
 

 
kids sleigh riding in a fun christmas apron      




christmas aprons

red truck  grandma aprons 2213 a fun christmas apron with red trucks and dogs riding in the truck and old woody station wagons with christmas trees on top. retro red trailers make this a darling apron. make cookies at christmas wearing a darling christmas apron.

 
christmas aprons

grandma holiday time apron 2130 
          round or square pockets on a fun apron with kids sleigh riding and skiing.
 






red gingham christmas apron

aunt violet old fashioned apron red gingham with red snowflake pockets 1087 
          pretty red gingham christmas apron.  pockets come in red gingham not snowflake as shown.  large pockets with white trim make the red gingham and snowflakes pop. notice how this rests on your shoulders for added comfort.

  

1940 red gingham apron with red snowflakes 1086 girls apron 299 
 red gingham christmas apron with red snowflakes on the pocket and top. white trim and red gingham for an old fashioned holiday. have fun in the kitchen this holiday. 




girl aprons

girl red gingham 1940 apron women 121 girls  204 
        red gingham is timeless and very pretty for matching mother and daughter aprons. what fun you can have with your daughter this season in matching outfits. it will be fun in the kitchen and something she will remember throughout her life. they are washable and well made 

red gingham child apron for boys or girls. this also comes in all our other ginghams and fabrics

old fashioned retro yellow half apron 20th century half aprons are available in our many pretty fabrics. above is a yellow gingham with large gingham pockets.






pink polka dot aprons

1940 pink polka dot and pink gingham apron women number 33002  girls 20002
 the above child one is shown in size petite but does come in small and large also. the adult size comes in petite small medium large and extra large for all our different body types. the two types of material mixed with the gingham pockets and ties will be a favorite. 
 
holiday and christmas aprons


 1940 red barn christmas apron number 2287 christmas on the farm with red barns red school house silos and sleighs. 




pink and white polka dot heart apron
.
valentine lace heart  apron in pink polka dots 2120 
          sweetheart heart apron for women and girls.
 
handmade christmas stockings made in america

pink polka dot christmas stocking   702 
      pink polka dots and pink gingham with pink pom poms and ric rac will make this a fun christmas stocking to hand up this holiday.. 





cobbler pink rose apron

grandma apron in pink roses and pink polka dots 2199 lovely pink roses on a pink background with pink gingham apron strings.





aunt rosie apron in old fashioned fruit on yellow with ruffles 2176 
          an old fashioned apron of beautiful fruit just like grandmas tablecloth.  







 




 






girl and toddler aprons

child apron  in chicken garden 271 a cute toddler apron that has three large pockets in the front for small hands. this comes in many of our other material also.

sky blue polka dot  child apron  in a little girl size 425 
          women matching apron number 1020 
          she is wearing a size petite with plenty of room for her to grow. 
 
 old fashioned aprons

grandma blue polka dot with white polka dot pockets 2003
blue polka dots with blue gingham apron ties. white trim make it really stand out.






red polka dot girl apron in the 1940 with red gingham pockets child 251. this also comes in woman aprons with square pockets. your little on can be just like mom in the kitchen cooking.




1940 blue gingham with blue polka dots  135 or child  
          306 
blue gingham with blue polka dots really pop. white trim helps make a clean and retro look.
 
thanksgiving half apron perfect for the holidays

1948 blue polka dot half apron 40042 girl 4056
          ruffle half apron with round or square pockets. very retro.        








get ready for thanksgiving in a 1940 apron in autumn leaf number 1083  girls  number 316  
the pockets and top are in gold gingham and you don't have to rake up any of these pretty leaves. gold trim and ric rac with gold gingham apron ties top it off.

 thanksgiving apron  autumn leaf all over. 
          the holiday decorations will be on you 1940 apron number 2061
you do not have to wait for the leaves to fall, just wrap yourself in a pretty apron. gold trim and gold and white gingham apron ties that are long enough to wrap up front or tie in the back.
 start the holidays with autumn leaves




1940 christmas carolers apron number 2027 girl 307 
children looking in the decorated holiday windows getting excited for what is to come. an old fashioned apron with a retro style.

 christmas carolers apron. christmas scenes of children looking in the window on a light blue background 
 

 
 
 
 
 






retro christmas apron

1940 apron trimming the tree christmas aprons women 2278 girls 33040 christmas apron in satin dress high heels and satin long gloves.


 christmas grandma apron trimming the tree 2277 
          picture yourself dressed in a flowing satin dress with heels and long gloves decorating your tree with pretty wrapped packages.  enjoy christmas in an elegant apron with red polka dot pockets and red trim.  you may not decorate in heels and long satin gloves but we can dream. 
beautiful christmas aprons you can wear all year
 




christmas santa claus cobbler apron

get ready for christmas in a santa claus grandma apron number 2291  a beautiful apron that will get you in the mood for the holidays. decorate your kitchen with this unique christmas apron.

 
 
 

christmas apron with vintage trailers and trucks 1940 vintage trailers and trucks #2163 girl 33022
          retro pink red and blue trailers decorated for christmas on a beautiful christmas scene. perfect for the holidays.

vintage trailers of red pink and blue on a beautiful christmas scene.






we had so many requests for black polka dots all over that we came up with grandmas style and trimmed it in black. it will go with any of your black outfits and you can wear if at any party and keep clean while looking stylish. 

grandma apron in black polka dot all over 2102 black polka dots in one of our old fashioned grandma aprons. 
 
straight  out of the 1950s and 1960s. the white is set off by the black background and looks fantastic. it covers well and looks very retro 

black polka dot retro women 392 and girl apron 436  
        black polka dots with contrasting white trim and ric rac for a very retro half apron.
aprons made in america 




mother and daughter black polka dot with white polka dots on the pockets and top apron

matching mother and daughter black polka dot apron with white polka dot on pocket and top. have fun cooking in the kitchen in matching aprons. the girl apron is shown in petite.

cute black polka dot with red gingham pockets and apron ties #1097. red trim and ric rac finish off the retro apron look.
 






girl christmas apron just like mom

christmas apron in  1940 old time 
          christmas number 294 get a matching apron for mom and daughter for  lasting memories in the kitchen during the holidays. this christmas you have the perfect decoration on you and your little girl. women  style 1072 and child style number is above.          the little girl above is around 3 years old is wearing a child size petite and still has room to grow.
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

cobbler apron with grandma christmas on the farm #2214 red barns horses decorated for christmas and beautiful decorated trees. this comes with round or square pockets. an apron for those who love horses.

christmas on the farm with horses and a red barn






old fashioned toys
made in america

whirly sky tops $6.75 each 
a very fun old fashioned hand propelled flying top. kids and adults love it. very durable. we have taken these to shows and they fall on the cement floors over and over and have never broken one. a great present or a great stocking stuffer. leohardo da vinci has a picture of him holding one.





old fashioned toy jacks with rubber ball and large jump jacks and a cotton carrying pouch   $8.49 in the 1960s we all played jacks at school. the rubber balls and jacks are like the ones we used to use. made in america. everyone should learn the fine art of playing jacks.      






halloween apron

you will not find this halloween apron anywhere but at stitch thru time. number 1093 orange and black gingham with spiders and witches and pumpkins on the pockets and top. this is for the halloween lover.
 
halloween witch apron

halloween  grandma apron in pretty little witches number 2282
          it will change the way you feel about witches with this darling purple polka dot apron.  witches beekeeping with their cats while gathering pumpkins.  a darling halloween apron.  black gingham on the pockets and long apron strings with black trim and ric rac.
          we also have it with a beige background.
pretty little witches





 
hokus pokus halloween apron 

hokus pokus halloween apron number 144
          black spiders on an orange and black gingham. large pockets with witches pumpkins or other fun halloween scenes. you won't find this anywhere but at stitch thru time. long apron ties are in black gingham.

 
 if you are a halloween fan this  is a must, not so scary but fun. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
kids wood rolling pin

kids rolling pin with cotton cover pie plate cloth mat and cookie cutter. wood rolling pin just like moms but small for tiny hands. i have had mine for years and been through many kids with it. the rolling pins were made at the same us factory. they are no longer making them but we still have some in stock. made to lasts for years. kids rolling pin and pastry set
 




old cookbooks with old time recipes

the lost art of pie making made easy $10.95 
          pie lovers this is a pie cookbook that you may have fun with an it has some good stories in it along with great pie recipes.
      
this book is out of print but we still have a few left. it is great.   







patriotic flag grandma apron  119
a beautiful united states flag apron with red gingham apron ties and blue trim. the grandma apron rests comfortably on your shoulders for comfort and this comes with square or round pockets.
  

old fashioned usa  in grandma apron number 2037  
        children waving banners of the united states of america flag. red white and blue in an old fashioned 4th of july apron. angels are carrying flags, drummers drumming. red gingham apron ties are long.
 




we love america and have our line of american flag aprons

red gingham 1940 apron with american flags on the pockets and top women 138 girls 209 this 4th of july apron is made in the usa
 
 
 

aunt violet    old fashioned usa apron 2036
 deep blue background and hip hip hooray for the red white and blue, american flags, drums and angels carrying flags on a beautiful deep blue background highlighted by nostalgic scenes of holiday fun. 







how to plant tomatoes

how to plant tomatoes with step by step instructions 
        this isn't just for tomatoes, you may use this for any of your planting.  go to our instruction page for simple steps for planting and transplanting plants.





 pine branches and pinecones grandma apron 2284 
a lovely aprons with snowflakes and snow covered branches. it even has pine cones with red berries. long green gingham apron ties and round or square pockets. dark green trim set off the soft green background. get ready for the holidays and wear it throughout.







red gingham ruffle half apron

red gingham ruffel 1948 half apron,  women 40031  girls  4049 
          stylish red gingham half apron with long apron ties. white ric rac and trim add to the style.





christmas stocking red polka dot  gingham and snowflakes  711 
          a very unique christmas stocking for the best christmas tree decorations.  you may hang it on both finished sides.  the christmas stocking is lined and washable to pass down for generations. 




















































stitch thru time instagram
stitch thru time blogspot 
stitch thru time twitter 
stitch thru time facebook
stitch thru time pinterest


about us
contact us


free recipes
how to plant your garden


stitch thru time news
order information
customer comments



 
 
 
 





