




 















































































































































photobooth.net  














































homelocatorartmovies & tvmusicprojectsin printgallerydiscussrentipc
the photobooth blog


welcome photobooth.net is the most comprehensive photobooth resource on the internet. we welcome your comments and appreciate your contributions. read about the creators or contact us.
the 2023 international photobooth convention was held in london, july 14–16, 2023. to find out more, visit the convention page.

search the blog:

search for:



instagram





with apologies to our treasured contributors whose


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram






 
 






save the date for the 2025 ipc in nyc
january 26, 2025


the 2025 international photobooth convention is a lock! mark your calendars for august 28–31, 2025 in new york city. details to follow, but in the meantime, head over to the convention landing page and add your email to get updates in your inbox.

tim | 4:01 pm | community comment




it’s official: “photobooth” has no spaces
july 17, 2023


during the legislative session on the final day of the most recent international photobooth convention in london, the assembled delegates voted unanimously to affirm the most reasonable spelling of the word “photobooth”: the spelling containing no spaces. well-meaning members of the press and public continue to misspell the word by inserting a pesky space between the “o” and the “b”, thereby turning a single tidy word into an unwieldy and unnecessary bifurcation.the matter was referred to the full session of delegates by the subcommittee on naming and conventions sometime in the past year.the full press release can be found here.

tim | 1:04 pm | community  




ipc — london — day 3
july 16, 2023


a wonderful event ended with some truly exciting talks and demonstrations, plus more group projects and the inevitable goodbyes. thank you to marco, rafa, and their colleagues and families for an amazing weekend! we’ll have a proper wrap-up to come.











brian | 4:04 pm | community, projects  




ipc — london — day 2
july 15, 2023


another action-packed day.









tim | 5:40 pm | art, community, projects  




ipc — london — day 1
july 14, 2023


a busy first full day of convention in london!






tim | 4:11 pm | community  




welcome to the convention!
july 13, 2023


the 2023 convention has begun! thanks to our hosts for a wonderful opening event at the studio last night.





brian | 12:21 am | art, community, in the news  




2023 international photobooth convention — london
july 01, 2023


at long last, the 2023 international photobooth convention, organized by autofoto and co-presented by photobooth.net, will take place in london, july 13–16.
initially scheduled for june 2020 then cancelled due to covid, the event is a much-anticipated opportunity to get together with photobooth artists, operators, and enthusiasts from around the world for talks, projects, classes, screenings, and other events focused on analog photobooths.
while the schedule is being finalized, we can note the weekend will include a number of artistic and technical workshops, visits to analog booths around london, and screenings focused on photobooths in cinema, presented by photobooth.net, including the following:saturday, july 13: 12:45 ‘photobooths in cinema’ talk before 35mm screening of shirley valentine at the prince charles cinema.purchase your tickets for the event via eventbrite.
more details to come!
we look forward to seeing everyone there!

tim | 8:56 pm | community, in the news  




london at large
january 31, 2023



my last international trip of 2022 meant one more opportunity to catch up with photobooth friends in another european city, this time london.
after the disappointment of the cancelled 2020 photobooth convention, it was great to see marco and rafa again, and catch up the growing photobooth scene in the capital. 
i started things off on the right foot when i discovered that i’d booked a hotel that looked directly out on one of autofoto’s locations, the dillons cafe at the waterstones on gower street. my flight landed at 8 am and by 10, i was in the booth taking a strip of photos. 

the next day, i met marco and rafa at coal drops yard to check out another of their booths, which was in use when we stopped by (something that happened with almost every booth i visited on this trip). we took a few strips, of course, to document the occasion.



it was great to see them, and to hear about all the work they’ve been doing over the past few years to make london a true photobooth capital of the world. we talked about technical issues, the russian paper crisis, and of course, the upcoming international photobooth convention which was in the works when we talked and has since been officially announced. more on that later…
marco and i visited the standard nearby, and i took some strips in the beautiful booth located on the ground floor inside double standard, the hotel’s bar and restaurant. 


over the course of my stay in london, i visited two more booths, at the hoxton holborn, which had been switched out for a different booth from the one we had previously listed, and the booth at kingly court, which was perhaps the most mobbed photobooth i’ve ever seen outside a convention setting. 


rafa and marco are certainly doing something right, as they’ve found combination of image quality, reliability, and location that make their machines not only popular but beloved. it’s certainly a far cry from my first photobooth trip to the city 20 years earlier, when the last of the analog machines were being removed and and my fiancée and i went on a forced march in the rain to find one of the last existing machines in the wild in a sainsbury’s in fulham.

brian | 10:04 am | booth locations, community  




brooklyn film photobooth
january 29, 2023


after a fallow period where it seemed like more booths in new york were disappearing than were showing up in new locations, we’re in a bit of a booth boom in new york again, centered on brooklyn. at the end of last year, my daughter and i visited brooklyn film camera in bushwick, a camera shop specializing in analog equipment and film, with an emphasis on polaroid cameras. 


alongside a wall of vintage polaroid cameras and a ton of other analog equipment and supplies, you’ll find a nice model 21 booth turning out black and white strips with generous white borders.



brian | 11:49 am | booth locations  




chicago fun times
september 19, 2022


while it’s no longer home to a photobooth on every corner, chicago still has its fair share of working machines, and a recent trip (thank you, non-stop flights from new haven to midway, and thank you, chicago film society!) i got a chance to visit four of them. 
it had been awhile since my last visit (on the occasion of the 2104 international photobooth convention) and i’d forgotten just how spread out the city is. it was my first trip there with access to a car, so it wasn’t the most conducive time to seek out booths around town, but i managed to find four booths, three of them working, and was happy to revisit some great locations i remembered from my last booth odyssey.
my first stop was the fabled booth at quimby’s bookstore, an amazing shop full of unique and wonderful books, comics, zines, and more. their booth also wins for best and most creative custom signage, which was enough to make up for the disappointment of the booth being out of order.just think, if it had been working perfectly, i’d never have seen this beauty of a sign:
from there, i took a bus and walked to the rainbo club, a memorable spot which not only has a great booth but is one of my favorite bars anywhere, period. their annual photobooth calendar is a real treat, and with a donation to the greater chicago food depository, i picked up this year’s to add to my collection, which now spans three decades.the booth at the rainbo club is still going strong, and was in constant use when i was there. long live the rainbo!
from there, i made the trek down to skylark, one of the other more memorable spots from previous trips. i had a lovely dinner (don’t forget the tater tots) and enjoyed reading a ten year old issue of the new yorker (it was new to me) at the bar. their booth has seen an update since i last visited, and i was pleased to see it was functioning well.finally, i made a stop at the holiday club in wrigleyville. their booth is in the same location as last time i visited, but has also changed a bit. most people there didn’t seem to notice the machine, but i was glad it was still going strong.


brian | 12:52 pm | booth locations, community  



« previous entries





		© 2005-2025 photobooth.net
  powered by wordpress


 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website
















































