






north florida women’s services abortion clinic tallahassee

































































2412 west plaza drive
tallahassee, fl 32308
(850) 877-3183


 









home
abortion

medication abortion
surgical abortion
pregnancy calculator


patient info

before abortion
what to expect
after abortion care
minors under 18
options counseling
faqs


fees
contact us

contact us / directions
request an appointment


 





 click tab below & scroll







							abortion fees						





							medication abortion						





							surgical abortion						





							contact us						





							request appointment						


 north florida and south georgia’s most trusted abortion clinic in tallahassee, florida since 1981. we pride ourselves on compassionate, confidential care. our dedicated staff will treat you with the respect you deserve while ensuring that your visit with us is as comfortable as possible.
— do not delay. call us today!

 







 








north florida women’s services abortion clinic tallahassee
north florida women’s services, inc. (“nfws”) providing abortion care to women since 1981.

florida law prohibits abortion “past” 6 weeks 
your last menstrual period “lmp” is the least accurate estimation of how far along you are. we urge you to come for an ultrasound asap to determine your eligibility. ultrasound fee is $100.00 if you are eligible that fee will be deducted from the cost of your procedure. 
this means you only have two weeks after a missed period to have an abortion anywhere in florida or you will have to leave the state for abortion care.

we continue to be the “most referred to” state licensed abortion clinic in tallahassee, florida and actively keep women’s reproductive services safe and legal.

free pregnancy testing
need financial assistance? ask for our patient funding coordinators number when making your appointment.
long-standing reputation for delivering quality care in a compassionate and supportive environment.


board certified / board eligible gynecologists
two types of first trimester abortions: surgical abortion and medication abortion up to 6 weeks and 0 days. 

providing safe, compassionate, and private services to patients not only in tallahassee, but surrounding cities including pensacola, jacksonville, gainesville, orlando, tampa and the entire state of florida. welcome patients from georgia, alabama, mississippi, louisiana, texas. we will help any patient from any state in the country with abortion care services.

security measures: you must have an appointment to gain access to the building. the doors will be locked; therefore, you must press the buzzer for intercom communication. sorry, no guests allowed in the facility. everyone must show a valid, statue issued, photo i.d. upon entry. 
there are absolutely no bags, purses, backpacks, food, drink, children, or blankets allowed in the building. no exceptions. if you take the bus or get dropped off, you will have to reschedule your appointment if you arrive and expect to enter with any of those items. the only items you’re allowed to bring in the building with you are your keys, phone, id and payment. thank you.
affiliations



we are a proud member of national abortion federation (“naf”) – an association of medical professionals who provide abortions including educational materials and financial assistance to women that qualify. 
awards
national leadership award & who’s who of american physicians









north florida women’s services
2412 west plaza drive, tallahassee, fl 32308
phone: (850) 877-3183
north florida women’s services, inc.
© 2025 all rights reserved. | design credits








