southcoasttoday.com: local news, politics & sports in new bedford, manews sports entertainment lifestyle advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  youthbuild new bedford equips young adults with education and job skillsnew bedford's baskets of grace owner gives gifts a personal touchwhen is president's day 2025? what's open and closed? see full listma power outage map: over 5,000 customers without power monday morning the crossword        obituaries        enewspaper        new bedford high features the top-ranked weight thrower… roundup: apponequet, stang athletes win div. 4 track…  vote: southcoast boys basketball player of the week vote: southcoast girls basketball player of the week see where southcoast teams stand in the newest winter… youthbuild new bedford equips young adults with education and job skills  when is president's day 2025? what's open and closed? see full list  ma power outage map: over 5,000 customers without power monday morning more in news vote: southcoast girls soccer player of the year for 2024  vote: southcoast boys soccer player of the year for 2024  vote: southcoast boys and girls athlete of the week more in sports noir nights at new bedford art museum: see these 5 classic films  new bedford film festival shares official selections at nb art museum  24-hour plays return to the provincetown theater march 1 and 2 more in entertainment this popular ma coastal town was named one of 10 best us small towns  when is ramadan 2025? start, end dates for islamic holy month  you could live in a renovated 1800s church in yarmouth, ma. see photos more in life image shows leo p galaxy in stunning detail: see photo  man accused of shooting at 2 men he thought were palestinians: reports  toyota, gmc, volvo among recalled vehicles: see recent car recalls more in trending ditch the peach fuzz: get 25% off dermaflash dermaplaning tools  crocs slippers are less than $35 for a limited time only  need a boost? try needed collagen for 20% off this month more in shoppingenter today       take the quiz!       enter today!       more in contestsmass. maritime academy students in florida during cape cod snow, rain mass lottery lucky for life, numbers midday winning numbers for feb. 16, 2025 vote: southcoast girls soccer player of the year for 2024 vote: southcoast boys soccer player of the year for 2024 vote: southcoast boys and girls athlete of the weekcareers accessibility sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choices staff directorycontact us support local business advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters facebook x enewspaper archives instagramjobs cars homes classifieds shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.southcoasttoday.com. all rights reserved.