








home





































skip to content
jump to main navigation and login

nav view search
navigation

homeretain our firmabout uscontact us


search
 




you are here: home



main menu

homenational interest waiver / eb-1 qualification review i-9 complianceh-1b checklistspriority datesprocessing timesuscis color photograph specifications visa informationimmigration faqsglossary of termssearch archives











			employment authorization to certain h-4 dependent spouses




   

   


details

		published: tuesday, 24 february 2015 16:09		

at long last, u.s. citizenship and immigration services (uscis) has announced today that, effective may 26, 2015, the department of homeland security (dhs) is extending eligibility for employment authorization to certain h-4 dependent spouses of h-1b nonimmigrants who are seeking employment-based lawful permanent resident (lpr) status.  dhs amended the regulations to allow these h-4 dependent spouses to accept employment in the united states.


					read more: employment authorization to certain h-4 dependent spouses








			update on fy 2014 h-1b cap




   

   


details

		published: friday, 12 april 2013 11:17		

on friday, april 5, 2013, uscis announced that they had received a sufficient number of h-1b cap petitions to determine that they met the h-1b cap numbers for both the regular h-1b cap (65,000) and the advanced degree h-1b cap numbers (20,000). 


					read more: update on fy 2014 h-1b cap






			prospects for immigration reform




   

   


details

		published: friday, 01 february 2013 13:24		



as anyone who has been closely following the news in the last couple of weeks knows, immigration reform is front and center on the national stage. many people have reached out to me to ask me what i think about it and/or the chances of enactment. for the record, the vast majority of my clients are legal immigrants who are processing their petitions through employment/investment and family petitions. these are some of the questions they are asking:

i am from a country facing many years of wait time to obtain my permanent residence [china, india, mexico, the philippines], how much faster will my petition be processed if the plans i have read about are adopted?
i graduated with a u.s. master’s/doctorate and i have already started my permanent residence process, what happens if the proposal to “staple a green card to the diploma of a u.s.  master’s/doctorate” is adopted?
when will these proposals take effect?



					read more: prospects for immigration reform









			upgraded biometric technology at major u.s. ports of entry 




   

   


details

		published: thursday, 24 january 2013 11:25		

on january 15, 2009, department of homeland security (dhs) announced that upgraded biometric technology is in place at major u.s. ports of entry, and most international visitors should expect to use the new technology when they enter the united states. dhs's us-visit program began upgrading its biometric technology from a two- to a 10-fingerprint collection standard in 2007 to make the entry process faster and more accurate for all visitors.






		page 1 of 4		

start
prev
1 2 3 4 next
end






 










