









































national postal museum |










































skip to main content








smithsonian main website




search

search 



what is 2+5? 





search   



donate




englishenglishafrikaansalbanianamharicarabicarmenianazerbaijanibasquebelarusianbengalibosnianbulgariancatalancebuanochichewachinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)corsicancroatianczechdanishdutchesperantoestonianfilipinofinnishfrenchfrisiangaliciangeorgiangermangreekgujaratihaitian creolehausahawaiianhebrewhindihmonghungarianicelandicigboindonesianirishitalianjapanesejavanesekannadakazakhkhmerkoreankurdish (kurmanji)kyrgyzlaolatinlatvianlithuanianluxembourgishmacedonianmalagasymalaymalayalammaltesemaorimarathimongolianmyanmar (burmese)nepalinorwegianpashtopersianpolishportuguesepunjabiromanianrussiansamoanscottish gaelicserbiansesothoshonasindhisinhalaslovaksloveniansomalispanishsudaneseswahiliswedishtajiktamilteluguthaiturkishukrainianurduuzbekvietnamesewelshxhosayiddishyorubazulu









smithsonian
national postal museum






visitvisitplan your visitlocation and directionscalendar of eventspublic programsfloor plantours and itinerariesamenitiesaccessibilityreviewsalerts





visit »


		open daily 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.

admission is always free!

		2 massachusetts ave., n.e.
		washington, dc 20002

		our entrance is on the corner of first street and massachusetts avenue ne.







learn more






exhibitionsexhibitionscurrent exhibitionspast exhibitionsvirtual exhibitionsupcoming exhibitionslearnlearnfor researchersfor educatorsnational history daytopical reference pagesoral historyresearch articlesstamp collectingone-minute wonderssocial mediaactivitiescollectionscollectionssearch the collectioncollections search centercollection historynational postal museum archivesdonating collection objects or archival materialsobject loanscollection projectsobject spotlightdigital asset collectionsrights and reproductionspreservationshared stewardship and ethical returnsaboutaboutabout the museumabout usfaqssupport the museumhost an eventnational postal museum galaphilatelic achievement awardcontact uspresssite mapblog

























voting by mail: civil war to covid-19 
  exhibit closing february 23

  

first lady coolidge voting by mail, 1924

 


 







the art of postal history in washington, d.c. 
  tuesday, february 25th 7 – 8 pm et on zoom - registration is required.

  

with dr. nick hartigan

 


 







historic change: celebrating the life & legacy of juliette gordon low 
  wednesday, march 26, 2025, 4 – 6 p.m.

  

free - registration is not required, but is recommended.

 


 







celebrating black history month 
  february

  

dorothy height stamp issued in 2017

 


 







windows into america 








click to pause slideshow






national postal museum









	welcome!


through the preservation and interpretation of our postal and philatelic collections, the smithsonian national postal museum educates, challenges, and inspires its audiences on the breadth of american experiences.


view calendar of in-person and online events


		subscribe to our free e-newsletter, postmark, highlighting the treasures of the museum.



		stay connected with the museum through our social media sites. follow the national postal museum on instagram, facebook and x (twitter).













visit »


		open daily 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.

admission is always free!

		2 massachusetts ave., n.e.
		washington, dc 20002

		our entrance is on the corner of first street and massachusetts avenue ne.







learn more











today in postal history






 

february 19, 1934



	all domestic airmail contracts are annulled after the bidding process is found to have been rigged. the army air corps flys the mail until bad weather and pilot deaths force the government to reconsider.














 


highlights




 

current exhibitions

the museum's galleries explore america's postal history from colonial times to the present. visitors learn how mail has been transported and the wonder of stamps. 




 

public programs

public programs at the national postal museum provoke thinking about postal history, philately, and related topics for diverse audiences. 




 

museum tours

docent-led tours are an excellent way to see the highlights of the national postal museum. the museum has regular free tours for visitors. 




 

search the collection

search the collection to discover philatelic and postal history objects tracing the evolution of the postal services. 




 

object spotlights

learn more about objects in the museum’s collections. from the tiniest stamps to a full-sized bus, the museum is home to a wide variety of fascinating objects. 




 

special topics

browse these pages to discover resources organized by topic, such as african americans in the postal service and philately, airmail service, or civil war. 




 

for researchers

the museum supports a wide variety of research projects. our efforts are a resource and point of reference for research and wider investigation by historians throughout the united states and the world. 




 

stamp collecting

the museum celebrates the beauty and lore of stamps. a stamp is much more than the physical evidence that postage has been paid. stamps can be miniature works of art, treasured keepsakes, and rare collectibles. 




 

for educators

the education & visitor services department provides teachers and students with activities. our programs foster creative thinkers and provide opportunities for developing 21st century skills. 




 

virtual exhibitions

the national postal museum’s virtual exhibitions galleries present america’s postal history from colonial times to the present, through the unique lens of postal history and stamps. 




 

preservation

the preservation department focuses on the preservation, rehousing, conservation and exhibit preparation of the national postal museum’s collection and loan objects. 




 

host an event

host your next historic event at the national postal museum. corporations, associations, organizations and members of the general public have the opportunity to host a reception or dinner at a premier venue adjacent to highly acclaimed exhibitions. 








 

virtual tour






 

photographs






 

blog






 

shop

















 smithsonian national postal museum 






visit »


		open daily 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.

admission is always free!

		2 massachusetts ave., n.e.
		washington, dc 20002

		our entrance is on the corner of first street and massachusetts avenue ne.







learn more







privacy
terms of use
press
site map
e-news




  facebook
  x
  instagram
  pinterest
  youtube
flickr





			have you signed up for our monthly e-newsletter?


		owney, the railway mail service mascot







back to top 












