the matronics homepage





"developing innovative products for aircraft"



po box 347 - livermore ca 94551-0347
sales and support - 925-606-1001
24 hour fax - 925-606-6281
internet email - 
sales@matronics.com
www server - 
www.matronics.com


order online now - save 5%!








matronics product line






fuelchec (tm) lt and dx


the fuelchec (tm) is an affordable, high quality digital fuel totalizer system for 
aircraft.  the web page includes multimedia videos of all major 
functions and complete description of the unit.
order online now - save 5%!








fuelchec (tm) return flow controller


the fuelchec (tm) return flow controller (rfc) is used in fuel injected applications where fuel is returned directly back to the main tank.  compatible with any system utilizing floscan 201 series transducers.
order online now - save 5%!








fuel flow pulsation damper


the pulsation damper smooths fuel pump pulses that can cause reading fluctuations common in
turbine transducer-based electronic instrument installations.

order online now - save 5%!








governor mk iii


the governor mk iii is a speed reduction and switch multiplexer for the mac trim series of aircraft trim servos.
order online now - save 5%!








windows skycomm version 1.0


skycomm version 1.0 by matronics is a windows 95/98/nt/2000 application to manange flight data in the 
skyforce / king skymap series of gps moving maps.  this is a very cool program - check it out!
download free!














aircraft email forums by matronics





matronics aircraft email lists


these aircraft email lists are sponsored by matronics and include the van's rv series, kolb aircraft, zenith aircraft, and many many others.  complete web-based archive searching and browsing is available.  subscription is free!

an archive cdrom with the complete set of archives for all email lists on the matronics system is now available!  order your personal copy today and support the lists with your contribution!


order online now!











please email questions or comments on these pages to:
webmaster@matronics.com
* matronics and kitlog terms and conditions
* matronics and kitlog privacy policy
* matronics and kitlog return policy
* matronics and kitlog shipping policy
