
















dream and bedding








































































dream and bedding






































































































girlish bedroom - a guide to convert your average room into a fairy room 









every girl wants
to have a beautifully decorated room having pink walls, feathery pillows, soft
mattress and stylish dressing table. this is a common observation that girls
want their looks and their bedroom- very stylish one. on the other hand, boys
are not so much conscious, they are considered to be a rough and tough one.
they don’t mind, if their rooms are average one, wires are on the floor and
clothes are out of cupboard having doors open. isn’t it the case? yes! it is.
but girls want everything in place. they are, no doubt, well managed and
sophisticated creatures. this article is worth reading for those girls who want
their room look dandy and stylish, but in a limited budget. 


bedrooms might be
of any style, size and looks. it depends on you and your tastes that how do you
want your bedroom to look like! you don’t need a designer to hire to decorate
your room. it’s really a simple and interesting task that you might love to
perform. you will feel good to read that it’s totally a myth that decorating a
room needs certain skills and principles. this means you can make your room
awesome by the ways you like. your room
is actually mirror of your personality. beautifully decorated rooms have a
great impact on your mind and mood. 

don’t forget this
point that designing a bedroom is not just having good carpets or curtains and
having some updated bed. no, this is not the case. you have to consider
everything i.e. from the rugs to the dressing table and from the walls to the
windows. this article contains very amazing ideas for creating a girlish
bedroom. but before going to that section we want to clear some most prevailing
myths about designing and decoration of room.

myth 1: paint your ceiling white: it’s a common trend of thinking that a ceiling in white color seems
larger and wider. no! this is not the case. you must have a multi tone ceiling;
this look attractive and captivating. 

myth 2: follow design rules: if you are running after designers to design and decorate your room,
then stop a while and think please that is this your room or designer’s room?
surely it’s your room, so you have better idea about the arrangements and
creativity of your room. think all the ways through which your bedroom could
turn into amazing one

myth 3: no dark color:
this is the most prevailing concept that dark colors are sign of depression and
blue moods. it’s a research based fact that those rooms which have one or two
walls in dark tone are more captivating and stylish than the traditional rooms
having light themes.


3 steps to convert your room into a girlish room


1.      think about the theme: paint your wall color pink. there are varieties of shades in pink
color. you can choose what you like. well it is suggested to have a contrast of
red and light pink theme on walls. it will look amazing! 

2.      furniture and bedding: you will have to buy very light weight and cute furniture; mainly
aluminum furniture for your room. keep furniture less in amount. kick out all
devices like computer and wires out from your room. your bed must be of soft
and comfortable mattress. use a feather mattress topper. always have light
tone  like baby pink and bubble pink bed
sheets 




3.      have accessories of a
fairy:  now place
some fairy bedroom accessories like silk floor cushions, wall hangings like
cute hanging photos of you and your family, soft feathery rugs and stuffed toys
i.e. cute big bears. always place lamps by the side of your bed.  you can also use candles to decorate your
room

these amazing and easy 3 steps will change the looks of your room
totally. follow these easy steps and enjoy your fairy room!



  









at

1:47 am



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
bedroom,
decor,
sleep



















going to buy a foam mattress- some facts you must know









have you ever
read about memory mattress? have you ever done a comparison between different
types of mattresses? have you ever thought of such mattress which is best from
medical point of view? have you ever got confusion while buying a mattress
because there is a great variety of mattresses and foam having different brand
names in market? if you are thinking to have a new mattress for your bed and
you can’t decide well, then relax down and read this article - from justgosleep.com. you will surely
get a lot of information about mattresses in this one.

 






you
might be surprised by this fact that spring mattress causes many joint and back
pains in your body. the only reason is the rates, that spring mattresses are
still active in markets. you might often find a great discount in spring
mattresses by different companies. spring mattresses should be banned from
markets, speaking from medical point of view. they are great source of
different pains and joint sores, no doubt!





what should you buy?

for those people who have joint sores and back pain, a memory foam topper is the choice in the
bedroom. these mattresses are manufactured in such a way that your body weight
is distributed evenly throughout the mattress. moreover, it has heat absorption
technology, so it alleviates the inflammation of your sore joint, different
aches and muscular pains. if your partner turns and moves a lot while sleep and
your sleep disrupts, the memory foam mattress will prevent you from being
disturbed as well. due to such unique cell
structure of memory foam, it is the best choice for both bedding and seating situations. 

 memory foam has the highest rate of customer’s satisfaction
i.e. around 75%. this high rate of satisfaction in due to the fact that memory
foams are far better than spring mattresses. there is some comparison and
discussion about spring mattresses and gel memory foam mattress topper next. you can get the pros
and cons of both types of mattresses here at once.



 benefits:

1.     
spring
mattress 



spring
mattresses are cheap and economical. you can have spring mattress 30% less in
rate than the memory mattress. so they are easily affordable
spring
mattress are durable to some extent
they
are light weight
you
can see a great variety and easy availability in markets 



2.    
memory
foam mattress



prevents
back pains and sore joints.
they
are durable and firm in nature
best
from medical point of view
they
are resistant to motion transfer
these
mattresses have highest rate of customer’s satisfaction.
absorbs
heat of the body and gives a calm and good sleep. 




disadvantages: 

1.     
spring
mattress

 these
mattresses are most disliked one by medical point of view
gain
least customer satisfaction
 increases
back pain and sore joints
they
are hyper allergic in nature. 
they
can be a home for dust mites


2.     
memory
foam mattress:

 these
mattresses are least economical. they have high prices and are no doubt very
expensive. 

so
from above discussion you might observe that memory foams are far better than
the spring mattress. though they are expensive but are best from medical point.
you must never pay your health for few dollars. buy the best and have healthy
life!














at

9:14 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
mattress,
memory foam,
sleep



















toddlers sleeping disorders and their  solutions








before
having a baby, all parents understand that restless evenings are just 

toddlers sleeping disorders

piece of
the course of being inexperienced parents. be that as it may, as your tyke
becomes old the obvious desire is that baby will be staying asleep from sundown
to sunset soundly without messing up with your routine. for some young kids
this is undoubtedly a great deal for parents to have to h


andle their kidssleeping disorders especially from six months to onwards. 



provide a comfortable environment






the
principal thing to do is to choose the environment in which your baby rests and
feel comfortable. in morning, it is normal for kids to get up early so attempt
to verify that all outside light is shut out. this tip has a tendency to be
especially useful amid the mid year when the sun rises much prior.

 



educate your baby to sleep
independently

put
your infant to bed when he/she is drowsy however not yet snoozing. that way you
educate your baby to sleep independently without your assistance. but since the
child is prepared or used to nodding off in bed you don't need to
"shake" him to rest. doing a reversal to sleep, falls into place without
any issue. 



make a sleeping schedule:


sleeping schedule




characterize
a strict sleep time regimen or a routine so that your tyke figures out how to
get "sleepy" each evening and night at around the similar interval of
time. additionally it's a smart thought to extend this consistency to different
zones of the infant's life. conviction and security will make the infant more
casual and will help him to develop to be a sound grown-up. verify your child
goes to sleep sufficiently early. depleted infants experience difficulty
nodding off





some other
useful tips to follow:



 



try some "baby sleep music" 
utilize a particular framework in which three
or four exercises are constantly done in the same schedule. for instance, wash
to begin with, then put on nightgown, and to wrap things up a sleep time story
or tune. in this way you make an anticipated request of exercises that roll out
the improvement from daytime movement to the slower pace of going to bed more
progressive.
youthful
kids usually depends on routine and with regards to rest things are the same.
in view of this attempt to guarantee a normal sleep time and make certain to go
during the time with a cool routine so that your baby does not tease you before
going to bed.
this
can be troublesome yet in the event that done after a long time then your
newborn child will acknowledge it as the standard. this tip is regularly
exceptionally supportive in comprehending any little child rest issues all
alone.



conclusion 
on the off chance that
subsequent to attempting this for a couple of days despite everything you find
that your minimal one is hesitant to go to bed then you may like to attempt to
develop sleep time. this regularly makes more tiredness such that the baby
can't keep their eyes open.







at

8:31 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
baby care,
heath,
sleep,
sleeping disorders,
tips












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















pages



home


about me


contact me





popular posts









girlish bedroom - a guide to convert your average room into a fairy room 










going to buy a foam mattress- some facts you must know










toddlers sleeping disorders and their  solutions







blog archive





september (1)
      

august (2)
      






labels



baby care


bedroom


decor


heath


mattress


memory foam


sleep


sleeping disorders


tips





search this blog




























































simple theme. theme images by gaffera. powered by blogger.
























