


















nj attorneys | litigation | bankruptcy | probate










































































skip to main content
skip to menu
skip to footer










attorneys

stuart reiser
eric reiser
robert p. shapiro
kenneth s. apfel
alexander g. benisatto
john p. di iorio
robert f. green
david o. marcus
victoria r. pekerman
glenn reiser
ilan s. danon
valerie a. vladyka
adam p. burns
joshua m. lurie


practice areas

appellate advocacy
attorney ethics
business & corporate law
bankruptcy
cannabis business law
civil litigation
construction litigation
debt collection
foreclosure
internet law
probate & estate administration
real estate


news
contact us
 

search
 (201) 870-4938






search:





















we'll take it from here
our award winning team is dedicated to
		achieving success both inside and
		outside of the courtroom

contact us
learn more






from newark to cape may
providing dedicated service to clients
		throughout new jersey for over 25 years

contact us
learn more






complex challenges,
		simple solutions.
in a world of intricate legal puzzles, our business and civil
		attorneys are master strategists, unraveling complexity with
		precision.

contact us
learn more





previous



next










our mission

it’s simple - our clients come first. we are committed to delivering exceptional legal services with a focus on courtesy, respect, and effective communication. with a strong reputation as one of new jersey's premiere law firms, our expertise and unwavering integrity have earned the trust of our clients and the respect of our peers. at shapiro croland, we are dedicated advocates, guided by principles of diligence and client-centered representation. choosing us means choosing a legal partner with a consistent track record of uncompromising ethics, ensuring your peace of mind and legal success.



















practice areas

our expert winning attorneys specialize in a number of different legal practice areas.




attorney ethics




cannabis law






appellate advocacy




civil litigation






bankruptcy




foreclosure law






business & corporate law




probate & estate admin.







all practice areas


signature experience
our winning team dedicated to achieving success both inside and outside of the courtroom.
learn more 





recognized by








disclaimer: no aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the supreme court of new jersey. the lawyers at shapiro croland reiser apfel & di iorio, llp nominated to ”super lawyers” (thomson reuters), “best lawyers in america” (best lawyers, llc and its parent company, woodward/white, inc.), “201 magazine” (north jersey media group), were included in the lists with those names, and do not suggest that the lawyer has that attribute. likewise, the firm’s inclusion in “us news best law firms 2016 – metro region new jersey” is a list and does not suggest that the law firm has this attribute. for the comparison standards employed by the various lawyer rating companies, please visit superlawyers.com, bestlawyers.com, bestlawfirms.usnews.com, and avvo.com


serving areas of,
northern, central and southern new jersey including bergen county, essex county, hudson county, mercer county, middlesex county, monmouth county, morris county, passaic county, somerset county, union county, and elsewhere in nj.


accountability and results
nothing is more important to our law firm than ensuring that each client receives justice. our new jersey attorneys will fight to protect your rights. while our american system of jurisprud-ence is less than perfect, our law firm puts it all on the line to win! although results cannot be guaranteed, in our efforts will leave no stone unturned. we explore the strengths and weaknes-ses of every client’s case at the beginning of the attorney-client relationship. our lawyers work closely with our clients to identify goals and expectations, and implement strategies to achieve the desired result. read about successful litigation strategies offer-ing a sampling of cases where we achieved our clients’ objectives.








 







contact us today to discuss your legal matter.
for emergent matters, please call us at (201) 870-4938




 







contact information




address
					411 hackensack avenue 
					hackensack, nj 07601
phone number
(201) 870-4938











site map
contact us
faqs
attorneys
practice areas
resources
successful strategies






awards
case decisions
articles
blog
library
news & press











awards:  best law firms metro region new jersey  •  new jersey super lawyers  •  best lawyers in america  •  201 bergen magazine  •  avvo top 10 lawyer




			© 1997 – 2023   shapiro, croland, reiser, apfel, & di iorio, llp. all rights reserved. all rights reserved. 
			advertising disclaimer: this web site constitutes an advertisement. before making your choice of attorney, 
			you should give this matter careful thought. the selection of an attorney is an important decision. if you believe this web 
			site is inaccurate or misleading, you may report same to the committee on attorney advertising, hughes justice complex, cn 037, trenton, n.j. 
			08625. no aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the supreme court of new jersey.
		



























