



battlestar wiki





























































toggle search







search








powered by elasticsearch


select item
↑ ↓


open search
/


exit search
esc













toggle menu
 









5.3k



0



8.4k



247.8k


battlestar wiki





		subjects
	


main page∞ overview∞ characters∞ cylons∞ episodes∞ ships∞ merchandisebattlestar wiki news recent changes random page




		series
	


original seriesgalactica 1980re-imagined seriescapricablood and chromenew series by sam esmail via peacock



		contribute
	


contact the chiefscommunity portalfaq help



		support
	


shop at amazon.comshop at sell geekbecome a member!hosted by ionos



		bsgwiki on social media
	


facebook pagefacebook fan grouptwitterinstagramyoutube



		navigation
	


 special pages


 
 






toggle preferences menu





 

		notifications
	








toggle personal menu





not logged in


your ip address will be publicly visible if you make any edits.




		user-interface-preferences
	






		personal tools
	


 create account log in



 














main page

 
from battlestar wiki, the free, open content battlestar galactica encyclopedia and episode guide





share this page





more languages





		in other languages
	


deutschfrançais




		variants
	








		views
	


 read view source view history




		associated-pages
	


 main page discussion






more actions





		more
	






		tools
	


 what links here related changes printable version permanent link page informationcite this page

















 deutsch ∞ français ∞  japanese ∞  polish



welcome to battlestar wiki,
an encyclopedia of the battlestar galactica sagas.
 
∞ 5,320 articles in english ∞
warning: spoilers are to be expected.see our spoiler policy for details.








   

portals of battlestar wiki








      

galactica




      

galactica 1980




      

re-imagined




      

caprica




      

blood & chrome











   

photo lab






view picture of the day project





< 02-17

original series actress kelly harmon (sarah fowler) as of 2016 c.e.

02-19 >







   

newest article



 messages for the future: the galactica 1980 memoirs is an one-disc cd published by explore multimedia in january 2020, coinciding with the 40th anniversary of galactica 1980. as with their previous release by richard hatch, this is an audio book memoir by the performer, actress robyn douglass (jamie hamilton, galactica 1980), detailing her career and life. read more





   

buck wiki - our sibling reference!



                     
at over 400 articles and rising! jump to the 25th century!





   

current project!



book and comic book development project the story of battlestar galactica (all of 'em, even galactica 1980) continues in published novels and comics. how can you help out? well, click the link to find out!





   

citations













retrieved from "https://en.battlestarwiki.org/w/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=242303"





last modified
 this page was last edited on 17 june 2023, at 22:57.


copyright
all text content is available under attribution-noncommercial-sharealike 3.0.images, audio and video are copyright to universal studios / sci-fi channel / sky one.


 













battlestar wiki

battlestar wiki is the oldest and largest repository for information on the various installments of battlestar galactica, covering the gamut from the original series to the re-imagined series and beyond. we also cover supplements, notably comics and novels, via our separate continuity policy.



privacy policy
about battlestar wiki
disclaimers


















