





cps connection – this is how problems get solved.





































skip to content







 





what is cps?
what’s different?
dr. ross greene
why the name change?
workshops and training
consultation
paperwork
cps store
research
contact
 

 

what is cps?
what’s different?
dr. ross greene
why the name change?
workshops and training
consultation
paperwork
cps store
research
contact
 






provider menu 




 

all providers
australia
bulgaria
canada
caymen islands
denmark
finland
hong kong
iceland
india
ireland
israel
new zealand
norway
spain
sweden
united kingdom
united states
 














“kids do well if they can.” 



—ross greene, ph.d. 






say goodbye to conflict, screaming, spankings, detentions, suspensions, de-escalating, restraint, and seclusion. say hello to solving problems collaboratively and proactively. 








what is collaborative & proactive solutions? 



collaborative & proactive solutions (cps) is an evidence-based model of psychosocial treatment originated and developed by dr. ross greene, and described in his books the explosive child, lost at school, raising human beings, and lost & found. 





 









 





what does cps do? 



rather than focusing on kids’ concerning behaviors (and modifying them), cps helps kids and caregivers solve the problems that are causing those behaviors. the problem solving is collaborative (not unilateral) and proactive (not reactive). research has shown that the model is effective not only at solving problems and improving behavior but also at enhancing skills. 









where has cps been implemented? 



in countless families, general and special education schools, group homes, inpatient psychiatry units, and residential and juvenile detention facilities, the cps model has been shown to dramatically reduce concerning behavior and dramatically reduce or eliminate discipline referrals, detentions, suspensions, and the use of restraint and seclusion. 





 









 





how do you get the ball rolling?  



this website connects you to vast array of resources, including a variety of learning and training options and over 200 providers in 16 different countries. and you’ll find lots of additional resources—including the research supporting the effectiveness of the model—on the website of the non-profit, lives in the balance. 








we are also happy to discuss your specific needs… contact us  










collaborative and proactive solutions™ 



for additional free resources, visit www.livesinthebalance.org.
© ross greene 2023 








contact



























