






quality fence company - www.https://qualityfence.com/ - new jersey vinyl pvc fence, serving sayreville nj, old bridge nj, east brunswick nj, monroe nj. custom wood picket, chain link, railings, arbors, commercial, slats | quality fence co. sells & installs all types of fencing including vinyl pvc, jerith aluminum in sayreville, old bridge, east brunswick, new jersey we also have custom wood, chain link, post & rail, guard rail, railings, and more. we service both residential and commercial properties. we are among the most established and reliable companies in new jersey, nj

















































home
about

our history
types of fences
contact us


our work

residential

-pvc & vinyl
-aluminum
-custom wood
-chain link
-chain link with slats
-before & after


commercial
post & rail
pvc railings
arbors


reviews
social

facebook
instagram
twitter


request a quote
 


select page


  
 
 













the details make the differencecommmitment to quality
efficient & exceptional service
trusted experience








the details make the differencecommmitment to qualityefficient & exceptional servicetrusted experience








the details make the differencecommmitment to quality
efficient & exceptional service
trusted experience














since 1965, we continue to serve the community, successfully installing fences for thousands of satisfied customers.
for fences that last, we do jobs of all types and sizes – from small fence repairs, porch railings to residential fences & commercial property enclosures.
we are fully insured, provide complete workers compensation & liability insurance. get the right fence for your home & commercial property.
quality fence company proudly serves middlesex & monmouth county, nj
request a quote







types of fences



quality fences at affordable prices – looking for high-quality fences for your property? you’ve come to the right place. keep unwanted visitors out with a sturdy fence from quality fence co.

choose from a wide range of residential and commercial fences.when you hire us for the job, rest assured your job will be completed on time and within your budget.








custom wood






commercial






post & rail






arbors






landmark pvc / vinyl






custom wood






commercial






post & rail






arbors






landmark pvc / vinyl










|




exceeding expectations










great jobwe can’t tell you enough how grateful we are that you did our fence. we’ve had several dogs for many years and really haven’t had them running around the yard too much because we’ve never had a fenced in yard before.now that our yard is fenced in the dogs are thrilled!!!!
we wish very much that we had thought of fencing in our yard years ago.
quality fence did a great job at a very reasonable price. you also showed up when you said you would which is not always a given with contractors these days, and frankly was refreshing to see.
karen & bill p.★★★★★allentown








workmanship & dependabilityi’m not in the fence business but i have a small business of my own.i pride myself on good workmanship and dependability, and these are two characteristics thatmike & bob seem to make their priority at quality fence.i recommend quality fence to all of my customers who are in the market for a fenceand i feel good about recommending them because i know they always do right by my customers.i will always continue to recommend quality to anyone who asks me for a fence contractor.
don s.★★★★★spotwood








absolutely love my fencei absolutely love my fence that quality fence just installed. i just got a new dog and he couldn’t be happier; running around the yard like a crazy dog. it is getting more & more difficult as the years go by to walk him, so it’s so convenient to just let him out into the yard and let him get his exercise that way.
i’m so appreciative that mike came out so quickly to give me a price and bob was able to schedule me to have it done quickly. i couldn’t believe how professional that the crew was that did the install.they were in & out of my yard in just one day. thanks quality!!!
mary b.★★★★★spotswood







view more







voted “the best of the best” by the readers choice







quality fence co.




jernee mill roadsayreville, nj






(732) 679 – 6277






info@qualityfence.com



followfollowfollow






message us








name


email address


phone number


town


subject


message: please include style of fence, height & number of sections or linear footage plus any other details you wish to share.






7 + 11 = 


submit











© 2023 all rights reserved • powered by 360 multimedia llc  • design by genac
















call






email








m






 
































