




cornell waste management institute












 skip to main content 




 




search cornell:





pages

people
more options 











































 





 
the 

                          cornell waste management institute (cwmi) is 

                          a program in the soil and crop sciences section, school of integrative plant science in the college of agriculture and life sciences at cornell 

                          university. cwmi serves the public through research, 

                          outreach, training, and technical assistance, with a 

                          focus on organic residuals.




 
 


















 
the 

                                      principles on which cwmi rests are:

 

                                        identifying critical needs through working 

                                      with stakeholders;
building 

                                        on the strengths of cornell--its faculty 

                                        and staff;
teamwork 

                                        and collaboration including on and off-campus 

                                        colleagues and stakeholders;
a 

                                        focus on multidisciplinary work; and
integration 

                                        of research and outreach..

link to e-commons for all of cwmi's material 



nys compost facilities map




nys woodchip sources map

 full size woodchip map for mobile devices  

 


 



cwmi news  




concerns with application of sewage sludge on farmland:   document by murray mcbride that addresses pfas in sludge.   

advocating for the 3rs nysar3 legislative outreach day.  wednesday, february 26, 2025. for more information, click here.
webinar - troubleshooting tips for compost site operators march 6 @ 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm est. an informative session focused on identifying and addressing common issues to maintain a healthy, efficient composting process with the addition of food scraps.
ny certified organic meeting march 11, 2025. jordan hall, cornell agritech, geneva, ny 10-2. click here for more information to come.   
waste to worth conference. april 7-11, 2025.  the grove hotel, boise, idaho
2025 nys organics summit! this year's event will be held at the hilton garden inn in troy, ny from april 8th-10th. registration is now open. 
10th annual food recovery forum & 13th annual organics recycling conference conference and events: may 5-8, 2025 | exhibits: may 6-8, 2025 | las vegas convention center, las vegas, nv. see the program here  and register here. register for the food recovery forum & receive full access to the organics recycling conference.use code frfgr25 to save 25% off registration

improving turf and soil health, reducing energy use and assessing tick populations by mulching leaves in place: article published in compost science and utilization. 
the effect of denim fabric as a feedstock in large scale composting of manure/bedding and food scrap: article published in compost science and utilization.  
 


 


















about 

      cwm  composting  farm 

        waste management  sewage 

          sludge  soil 

            quality  health 

              and safety  resources   search  home








cornell 

        waste management institute © 2007
soil and crop sciences section

        817 bradfield hall, cornell university

        ithaca, ny 14853

        607-255-1187 • cwmi@cornell.edu
cornell university is an equal opportunity, affirmative action educator and employer

  


  

       soil and crop sciences section  



