







harbour place condominiums orange beach alabama














 home
 condos for rent
 local places
 hp owners





harbour place condominiums
orange beach, alabama






harbour place location
best location! gulf beachfront!




orange beach city
pride is high in oba!




harbour place entry
we take pride in your first impression....




harbour place street entry
our building is easy to find and enter



harbour place beach side
our building from the beach - 5 stories



harbour place pool inside
our swim-thru pool inside includes a jacuzzi



harbour place pool outside
our swim-thru pool outside




walk-way to our beach
easy short walk to our beach




covered patio area
have lunch with a great view




our great grill area
we have gas and charcoal grills




inside entries and elevator
enter your unit out of the weather




elevator lobby
neat and clean lobby












 harbour place condominiums - why our place???  







smaller building
harbour place is a smaller building, making it easier to catch an elevator with less or no wait. smaller buildings are much less crowded.





swim-thru pool
we all love pools and our pool is a swim-thru from outside to the inside or vise-versa making it fun and unique. jacuzzi inside.   image 





the beach is close
our building is one of the closest to the beach in oba. you can also rent lounge chairs with umbrellas or bring your own. it's a short walk.
  image





large front parking lot and covered parking
we have plenty of parking for all our guests. when it's hot outside unloading and covered parking on a first come basis is nice.
  image






  harbour place condominiums - about our building   
  official website for harbour place condominiums  
      
 harbour place condominiums are convenient, fun, and secure. the condo building has been taken very good care of, just recently our building had a fresh new exterior paint job and all windows were replaced with the latest and greatest beachfront window technology. in 2018 our internet was upgraded to the newest and fast fiber optics, this makes streaming on all devices fast. also installed was an internet direct wire connect data port and phone in each unit. the building maintenance is a big deal when looking for the right place to rent and this building ranks at the top. it is in close proximity to the many local attractions, restaurants, shopping, golf, amusement parks, water sports, boating, fishing, and more. wow! you can walk straight across the street for fresh steamed seafood available at lartigue’s fresh seafood market. you can bring it back to the condo and eat on the balcony.
also - grocery stores, great restaurants, and local marinas are nearby. cotton bayou, which includes a public boat launch, is near. this condo is well located!

harbour place condos, built in 1999 and completely refurbished in 2005, is only a 5 story building, and has quiet secure indoor hallways. it has covered and uncovered parking. you can unload under cover out of the weather. the indoor/outdoor swim-through pool is heated when necessary, and along with the indoor jacuzzi, faces the gulf. there is a shaded deck, adjacent to the pool, which is perfect for picnics and has several gas/charcoal grills available for your use. 





©harbour place condominiums - 23094 perdido beach blvd, orange beach,al 36561   









