










home - waltham chamber of commerce
























































  















skip to content
























					login				








					email				








					(781) 894-4700				






























































menu 
directory online directory waltham chamber guideabout about us staff & board of directors contact us info requestsmembers membership application sponsorship opportunities membership benefitsevents calendarmember loginresources waltham’s small business spotlight links featured videos job and volunteer opportunities








 




















welcome to waltham, ma




























need help 
find a business.
 
 
 
view directory

 








become a member 
connect and grow with the chamber.
 
 
join today

 















visiting 
wander into waltham.
 
 
read more

 








member commericals 
waltham’s small business spotlight
 
 
view now

 












working together works for waltham.






waltham is a unique destination consisting of country roads and modern expressways that connects the city of waltham to greater boston. just 9 miles outside of boston, you will find this incredibly diverse community forged in the first of industrial revolution and is now home to some of the most successful high tech companies in the world.
whether you are planning a trip or finding a new place to call home, you will be inspired. as an ever growing community we are always welcoming new members and partners to become involved.

































welcome to the 
waltham chamber of commerce.
 
waltham is such a welcoming city, you’ll feel connected to the community with events such as the annual waltham food and wine festival, the many unique cultural offerings, the waltham philharmonic orchestra and the waltham symphony orchestra.
waltham offers high-end culinary experience; just walk over to waltham’s “restaurant row” on moody street to indulge. there you’ll find everything from swanky steakhouses to spanish tapas, and indian buffets to fancy charcuterie.
biking to work or running on the weekend along the charles isn’t just for boston residents. the river runs through waltham too, and provides a great way for residents to get outdoors. there are many other ways to enjoy the great outdoors in waltham, like the 250-acre prospect park, which includes great hiking trails and picnic tables. the city is also home to two major universities – brandeis and bentley – which both hold plenty of public events for locals to discover.
with easy access to boston through two commuter rail stops and several exits along route 128, waltham is a convenient place to call home. there’s something for everyone in the housing market, too – from quaint colonials to lofts in converted factories. a great walkable downtown gives that “city” vibe without the boston price tag.
 
 
read more

 



















grant opportunity 

small business energy relief grants from national grid are now available!
 
apply here

 















nexus 
bridging the gap between for-profits and non-profits
 
 
enter nexus

 








waltham rising leaders 
about the program:
the waltham chamber of commerce is pleased to announce the sponsorship of a new rising leaders program. this unique program will allow a rising leaders cohort to meet with executives, politicians, and community activists to learn about their unique leadership styles. the cohort participants will also complete and review a 360 self-assessment, take a class in situational leadership and network with other high performing leaders within the community.
 
read more

 








engage 


 
read more

 










 












© 2025 waltham chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












thank you to our corporate premier sponsors











gold















                                coming sooon                            





next
previous









silver
















                                mgb                            














                                nelson                            














                                nationalgrid                            













                                boston children's hospital                            













                                the village bank                            













                                watertown savings bank                            





next
previous









bronze
















                                stanton                            














                                bentley                            














                                mount auburn hospital                            














                                park lodge hotel group                            














                                bxp                            














                                nova biomedical                            













                                astra zeneca                            





next
previous










































resources































member directory 










member login 









get in touch






waltham chamber of commerce













84 south street, waltham, ma 02453-3537 














(781) 894-4700 














pgibbons@walthamchamber.com 


















 © 2025 waltham chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 


















