












home - big brothers big sisters of central arizona - youth mentoring




















































 
















skip to content



big brothers big sisters of central arizona – youth mentoring





be a bigbe a big

become a bigbecome a big
bigs with badgesbigs with badges
volunteer faqsvolunteer faqs


givegive

arizona tax charitable creditarizona tax charitable credit
cryptocurrencycryptocurrency
iraira
leave a legacyleave a legacy
monthly givingmonthly giving
one time giftsone time gifts
other ways to giveother ways to give
shopshop


enrollenroll

enroll a childenroll a child
parent/child inquiry formparent/child inquiry form
parent/guardian faqsparent/guardian faqs


donate clothesdonate clothes

schedule a pick upschedule a pick up
find a storefind a store
find a donation binfind a donation bin
contact donation centercontact donation center
what can i donatewhat can i donate
print a recieptprint a reciept


partnerspartners
eventsevents

big night out galabig night out gala
nfl draft watch partynfl draft watch party
wine, women & shoeswine, women & shoes
paul’s car washpaul’s car wash
tee up for kidstee up for kids
think big match activitiesthink big match activities


aboutabout

alumnialumni
careerscareers
community resourcescommunity resources
contact uscontact us
deidei
financialfinancial
impactimpact
leadershipleadership
news and blognews and blog
privacy policyprivacy policy
programsprograms
staffstaff
young professionals councilyoung professionals council




donate today




























big brothers big sisters of central arizonaa youth mentoring program 














missioncreate and support one-to-one mentoring relationships that ignite the power and promise of youth. visionall youth achieve their full potential. 










for more than 60 years, big brothers big sisters of central arizona has operated under the belief that inherent in every child is the ability to succeed and thrive in life. big brothers big sisters makes meaningful, professionally supported matches between adult volunteers ("bigs") and children ("littles"), ages 6 through 18, in maricopa county and pinal county. we develop positive relationships that have a direct and lasting effect on the lives of young people. please consider being a volunteer mentor or making a gift to help children in our community who need and deserve mentors build self-confidence and realize their potential. 


























200 boys and girls are currently waiting to be matched and some will wait up to 3 years!the majority of youth come from low-income single-parent homesall youth have personally expressed a desire for a mentorby simply showing up, you can increase a child's self-confidence and attention to schoolworkyou can decrease a child's chances of using illegal drugs, skipping school, and engaging in underage drinkingbigs and littles are matched based on common interestswhether you play catch, watch a movie, or go to the library, those little moments have a big impact on kids and their lives and change yours! 










schedule a clothing donation pick up 



how does big brothers big sisters help kasaius?



matching
relationship management
activities
screening and training




matching
when big brothers big sisters works to match a little with a big, we take into account the needs, personality, interests, and goals of both the child and the adult volunteer. we introduce the little and his or her family to the big slowly and make sure everyone is fully committed to the match before it is made official. little brother kasaius is outgoing and up for anything, so he needed a big who was creative and had a variety of interests.
								




relationship management
children like kasaius get the most out of their one-to-one relationship with their big when the big, the parent or guardian, and the child talk openly with their match support specialist. working as part of the team helping the child succeed, the match support specialist can help identify problems, brainstorm solutions, and connect the family with essential services.




activities
when kasaius’ big brother saw the email from bbbs saying that there were spots open in a free acting class, he jumped at the chance to take kasaius. bbbs affiliates across the country provide activities for bigs and littles and also alert bigs to opportunities in the community. this enables bigs to get to know other bigs, who might be experiencing similar things and who might have great suggestions for more new activities.




screening and training
child safety is big brothers big sisters’ highest priority. to achieve the highest standards possible, we work constantly to review and strengthen our background check systems as new best practices in the industry emerge. we also make sure our bigs and our staff have the training and resources they need to help littles on their path to success. 













what's new from big brothers big sisters 









 


celebrating mentorship and community at the big event 2025
on january 23, 2025, big brothers big sisters of central arizona hosted a memorable night at the big event, celebrating mentorship and honoring the selfless volunteers who make a lasting…


learn more about celebrating mentorship and community at the big event 2025



 

welcoming our new vice president of development: steve conrad

we are thrilled to announce that after an extensive search and multiple panel interviews, we…
 read more about welcoming our new vice president of development: steve conrad





big brothers big sisters celebrates 70 years serving arizona children with big night out platinum gala

big brothers big sisters of central arizona is hosting their 70th anniversary big night out…
 read more about big brothers big sisters celebrates 70 years serving arizona children with big night out platinum gala



 





big vision, bigger impact: how you can transform lives through mentorship

during national mentoring month we are thrilled to launch our new strategic initiative- big vision…









alumni story

alumni connection is a vibrant community of former mentors, mentees, and supporters who have been…









the power of mentoring: a bright future for phoenix through big brothers big sisters

january marks national mentoring month, a time to celebrate the invaluable relationships between mentors and…









spreading holiday cheer: bbbs winter adopt-a-family success story 

the holiday season is always a special time at big brothers big sisters of central…













it’s not just a donation. it’s an investment in a child’s future.

						when you donate online to big brothers big sisters, you join our cause and directly support children in your community. no matter how little or big the amount, donating can start making a difference in the lives of young people around you.
					

make a donation







 for more than 100 years, big brothers big sisters has operated under the belief that inherent in every child is the ability to succeed and thrive in life. as the nation’s largest donor and volunteer supported mentoring network, big brothers big sisters makes meaningful, monitored matches between adult volunteers (“bigs”) and children (“littles”), ages 6 through 18, in communities across the country. we develop positive relationships that have a direct and lasting effect on the lives of young people.









search for:



search

 


home
volunteer
give
enroll a child
partners
events
about




get connected:

facebook icontwitter iconinstagram iconyoutube iconlinkedin icon


sign up for our newsletter 

© 2025 big brothers big sisters of central arizona. 1615 e osborn road, phoenix, az 85016 donate or volunteer to help children in your local community










make your tax credit gift today!


			×			







 
 share this facebook 






























































share on mastodon


enter your mastodon instance url (optional)
share


































 

