






neu tool & supply – premier warehouse distributor























































































home
careers
contact
new account





















neu tool & supply
100% employee owned


proudly serving our customers since 1964, neu tool & supply is a wholesale distributor of tools & equipment to automotive & industrial resellers & mobile dealers. our commitment to customer service, selection of product, and custom marketing and buying opportunities give every reason to partner with neu tool & supply.















we carry over 200 brands

view all the brands we carry








are you an automotive or industrial distributor?
 get access to online ordering, pricing, and promotional offers.
register with us







advantages
why choose us
 service is what sets us apart. at neu tool, we strive to create an organization focused on the customer experience.




on-time shippingat neu tool we pride ourselves on getting products to our customers timely and efficiently. accountability to our daily shipping goal is a top priority – orders placed before 3pm cst are shipped same day.
employee ownedneu tool is 100% employee-owned. each employee owner who works for neu tool strives to do the right thing and provide an unmatched buying experience.


customer supportcreating an unmatched buying experience is key to our customer support. at neu tool you build a strong relationship with our team and partner with an account manager dedicated to your success. 
customized orderswe recognize no two customers are exactly the same. we will listen to your needs and customize orders for you and your business.







our missionto provide quality tools, equipment, and service – on-time – competitively priced – and rooted in our core values, with an unmatched buying experience from our employee-owners.











our history
committed to an unmatched buying experience

 the neu family owned and operated neu tool since its inception in 1964. throughout that time the organization grew through the commitment of its employees. in 2019, mr. neu was looking for a way in which neu tool could continue without a member of the neu family to take over. he decided the best approach would be to sell the organization to the employees.
 within a year, neu tool fully converted to an esop in 2020 after purchasing the organization from mr. neu. in 2022 mr. neu retired from the organization and new management was brought in to continue the legacy.
 with this transition, employee-owners were now responsible for the future of neu tool!






neu tool & supply


16333 w. rogers drivenew berlin, wi 53151-2248



sales@neutool.com



262-432-9306

facebook
linkedin


fill out my online form.

  fill out my wufoo form! 



are you an automotive or industrial distributor? get access to online ordering, pricing, and promotional offers at toolmarket.com.





shop toolmarket



do you need a warranty tool repair? our partner pro tool is a full service tool repair center can help you with your needs.





visitprotool






copyright © 2024. all rights reserved.



privacy policy
terms & condition















