









baydreaming.com – your guide to the chesapeake bay




















































toggle navigation




baydreaming.com

home
ches bay map
about the bay

explore the chesapeake
chesapeake bay conservation

things you can do to help protect the chesapeake bay
chesapeake bay watershed


chesapeake bay history

the powhatan indians
captain john smith
chesapeake bay lighthouses
chesapeake bay history books


chesapeake bay boats

chesapeake bay skipjacks




travel

destinations

destinations map
maryland cities & towns
virginia cities & towns


chesapeake bay resorts
chesapeake bay cruises
bed and breakfasts
vacation rentals
camping
chesapeake bay bridge tunnel
chesapeake bay bridge

bay bridge traffic




boating

weather and tides

marine forecasts


marinas
cruising guides
chesapeake bay navigation

maps and charts


chesapeake bay paddling
boating safety
chesapeake bay boating schools


fishing

regulations
fishing reports
fishing tournaments
fishing charters
weather and tides

marine forecasts




lifestyle

chesapeake bay region events
real estate
retirement communities
beaches
cooking
farmers markets
chesapeake bay blue crabs
chesapeake bay retrievers


 





baydreaming.com
your guide to the chesapeake bay











the chesapeake bay
the chesapeake bay



what’s your chesapeake bay dream?
baydreaming is all about the joys of experiencing everything the chesapeake bay and surrounding lands have to offer. the region’s history, economy, and heritage are all tied to this majestic estuary. over 11,000 miles of shoreline wrap the chesapeake and its tributaries, providing so many opportunities for people to live, work, and play along its waters. if you’ve visited the chesapeake, you’ve no doubt dreamed of returning. if you’ve never been but long for a place where history, heritage, and natural beauty combine, the chesapeake may be the place you’ve been dreaming of.   

travel
we provide information on over 30 towns and cities to visit in the chesapeake bay area.  the places we’ve picked to feature are all accessible from the water.  you can get there by car, of course, but since this site is about the bay, we wanted to feature the waterfront destinations.


you’ll find everything from the urbanized areas of baltimore, norfolk, hampton, and portsmouth, with all the entertainment and activities they have to provide, to tiny little towns with a wharf and a small collection of shops on main street.
if you take the time to visit, you’ll find that each of these places has its own charm and something to offer the visitor.  that offering might not be much more than a chance to relax in a place that operates at a pace that’s a little slower and calmer than you’re used to.  in today’s hurry-up world, that’s something to treasure.
use our map of the region to navigate your way around the bay and explore all it has to offer.



chesapeake bay towns & cities
chesapeake bay resorts




chesapeake bay vacation rentals
chesapeake bay bed & breakfasts




explore chesapeake bay towns



choose a destination


boating
the bay’s calm waters and many sheltered tributaries make it a great place for all kinds of boating.  all the waterfront towns scattered up and down the bay are destinations for cruisers, and you’ll see the marinas filled up with both motor and sail boats during the warm season.  most fishing boats on the bay are relatively small with a shallow draft.  these are best for navigating the shallows and marshy areas close to shore.


kayaking is popularity in the chesapeake bay region.  paddling in a kayak gives you a nice close encounter with the water and is great for easing up on wildlife.  you’ll get closer to a heron and other birds in a kayak than you’re likely to be able to do in a motor boat.
kayak rentals and guided tours are available in some chesapeake bay towns and there are kayak launching facilities located throughout the region.




chesapeake bay boating
chesapeake bay kayaking




chesapeake bay marinas
chesapeake bay cruising guides




fishing
the fishing in the bay is fantastic.  stripers, drum, bluefish, flounder, and the ever-present croaker are some of the fish to be caught in the chesapeake bay. the bay is so nice and calm (most of the time) that even if you don’t catch anything much, it’s a nice day out on the water.


fishing is good just about anywhere in the bay or its tributaries but the hot spots change with the seasons as you’ll see from the fishing reports.   visit our fishing page for regulations, links to reports, and fishing charter information.




chesapeake bay fishing
chesapeake bay fishing reports




chesapeake bay fishing charters
chesapeake bay weather & tides




learn about the chesapeake bay


chesapeake bay information. how much do you know about the chesapeake bay?  did you know that the chesapeake is the largest estuary (a place where salt and fresh waters mix) in the united states?  did you know that the bay supports 348 species of finfish, 173 species of shellfish, and over 2,700 plant species?   about the chesapeake bay


links to more information about the chesapeake bay:
the chesapeake bay programa partnership of the conservation and restoration of the bay.
wikipedia’s chesapeake bay page.
the chesapeake bay gateways and watertrails network.the national park service’s guide to the bay










search for:


search

about the baycities & towns
boating
fishing
weather & tides
visit the bay
chesapeake bay resorts
campgrounds
vacation rentals
chesapeake bay cruises
regional events
chesapeake bay beaches
chesapeake bay paddling
homes for sale
retirement communities
history
conservation
about us
vacation rentals 

book now! vacation rentals are filling up fast.

featured destinationsannapolis, maryland
baltimore, md
cambridge, md
cape charles, va
chesapeake beach, md
chesapeake city, md
chestertown, md
crisfield, md
deal island, md
deale, md
easton, md
hampton, va
havre de grace, md
irvington, va
kent island, md
mathews county, va
norfolk, va
north beach, md
north east, md
onancock, va
oxford, md
poquoson, va
portsmouth, va
reedville, va
rock hall, md
smith island, md
solomons island, md
st. mary’s county, md
st. michaels, md
tangier island, va
tilghman island, md
urbanna, va
virginia beach, va
washington d.c.

 




			© 2025			 | 
			proudly powered by 			wordpress
 | 
			theme: nisarg 











