

being of light












z



















 
 


your true-self is a being of light that 
		can be portrayed as your higher soul-self (see 
 
http://soulself.org ).  if you came into the presence of a 
		spiritually advanced soul such as the historical man jesus, you would 
		conclude that you are in the presence of god.  but, there are other 
		spiritually advanced souls who also have evolved into great beings of 
		light -- and this level of spiritual advancement is the destiny of all 
		of mankind.  how long that will take?  how many lives will be 
		required?  the answer is found in the question: how many lives will 
		you continue to follow others, instead of seeking your true source 
		within you at the core of your consciousness?  
		as stated in the gospel of thomas:  

"jesus said, ...but if you will not 
		know yourselves, you dwell in poverty and it is you who are that 
		poverty".   to know 
		thyself, you must know your eternal soul-self, who is the being of light 
		that is your true source of mind and being.    

the soul of most people appear as a weak 
		flickering light -- like a distant star.  the more advanced the 
		soul, the greater the light of the soul.  the light of the soul 
		grows and increases, as the person overcomes their own divided nature, 
		and grow their light over the course of many lives.  it is 
		therefore important to understand that prior to the fourth century, the 
		church openly confirmed that they taught the more mature christians the 
		teaching on the soul that evolves to wholeness and perfection over the 
		course of many lives as proven at 

the pre-nicene position of the church on reincarnation
		
		https://brotherofyeshua.blogspot.com/2022/04/the-pre-nicene-position-of-church-on.html 
		.  and the purpose of 
		the original gospel teachings was to provide the seeker with the 
		foundational tools to advance and grow their light -- i.e., 


"to him who overcomes, to him i will 
		give of the hidden manna" (rev 2:17).  
 the vast majority of souls have failed to evolve, 
		because they follow others who the gospels portray as
		
"blind guides".   and they 
		keep following these  
"blind guides" 
		from life to life, making little to no spiritual gains.  
 
did the pre-nicene church possess the 
		above knowledge prior to being corrupted by a series of roman emperors?  
		the answer is a resounding yes!  quoting from 

the true self at 
		
		http://soulself.org#thetrueself : 
in the early scripture known as the
		dialogue of the savior, which was found in the nag hammadi 
		library of christian scriptures, jesus explained that our natural 
		dwelling place is a “place of life” 
		where “the true mind dwells” that is
		“only pure light.”   thus, 
		confirming our true soul-reality as a being of light.   it is also 
		important to note that there existed a segment of the church as late as 
		the sixth century that possessed the soul-knowledge that man's true 
		reality and form was a being of light.   among the condemnations against 
		the spiritual christiana by the emperor justinian against origen in the 
		2nd council of constantinople in the year 553 where the teachings on the 
		pre-existent soul was condemned and deemed heresy from a dogmatic church 
		perspective, was this statement: 

		"if anyone says or thinks that, at the resurrection, human bodies will 
		rise spherical in form and unlike our present form, let him be anathema" 
		(see
		
		council agenda).    the problem is that the true form 
		of the soul is a spherical being of light -- and the human body is 
		merely an allegorical manifestation of the mind projected into the 
		symbolism of matter.  
		that the journey of the soul over the course of many lifetimes was an 
		integral part of the teachings of jesus and theway -- and was removed by 
		the roman emperors who ruled over the doctrines of the church -- is 
		demonstrated conclusively in
		the ten reasons why the 
		church rejects the teaching on the pre-existent soul.   



the person you are in this world is often 
		portrayed as your ego-self, your physical-self, your earthly-self -- and 
		the adage to know thyself portrays the seeking of self-knowledge and 
		manifestation that through the subsequent stage of birth, enables you to 
		manifest your true soul-self in your body-vessel.  those who 
		achieve the subsequent stage of birth that jesus noted in the words: 
		 
"most assuredly, 
		i say to you, unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of 
		god" (john 3:3).  those who achieve the 
		subsequent stage of birth and become at-one with their higher soul-self, 
		possess the memory of all the lives that the soul has lived.  those 
		souls who achieve the final birth, enter into a coverture-union with the 
		mind of god (see 
coverture-marriage - was jesus god?
		
		http://brotherofjesus.org#coverturemarriage 
		).  those who achieve the final birth can do and know all that the 
		historical man jesus knew (see 

genuine believers fulfill the works and miracles of jesus https://brotherofyeshua.blogspot.com/2019/12/genuine-belivers-fulfill-works-and.html 
		).     


in the essay by ralph waldo emerson known 
		as the over-soul, it is explained that the essay presents the following 
		views: (1) the human soul is immortal, and immensely vast and beautiful; 
		(2) our conscious ego is slight and limited in comparison to the soul, 
		despite the fact that we habitually mistake our ego for our true self; 
		(3) at some level, the souls of all people are connected,; and (4) the 
		essay does not seem to explicitly contradict the traditional western 
		idea that the soul is created by and has an existence that is similar to 
		god, or rather god exists within us.  on the reality of the soul, the 
		following quotation is taken from the universal jewish encyclopedia, 
		under the heading of souls, transmigration of: 
		“the doctrine of transmigration of souls, which was especially accepted 
		by the karaites… is generally attacked by jewish philosophers, but is 
		defended by isaac abravanel and manasseh ben israel.  it appears often 
		in cabala; it is found in organized form in the zohar, it is further 
		developed in the teachings of isaac luria (1534-1572), and in hasidism 
		it becomes a universal belief.   according to these teachings, all human 
		souls have a common origin in the spiritual unity of the primordial man, 
		sparks of which form the individual souls... the sin of adam brought 
		higher and lower souls into confusion; as a result, every soul has to 
		pass through a series of incarnations... the soul itself has no sex, 
		which is determined by the body and may vary from incarnation to 
		incarnation”.   in the zohar, the foundational doctrine of 
		jewish mysticism, it is written that: “all 
		souls are subject to the trials of transmigration; and men do not know 
		the designs of the most high with regard to them… the souls must 
		re-enter the absolute substance whence they have emerged.  but to 
		accomplish this end they must develop all the perfections, the germ of 
		which is planted in them; and if they have not fulfilled this condition 
		during one life, they must commence another, a third, and so forth, 
		until they have acquired the condition which fits them for reunion with 
		god”.   in the alpha of creation all souls existed as
		"sparks" of the divine mind -- and 
		all souls are in the process of spiritually evolving the light of their 
		soul (see also christian reincarnation at
		
		http://christianreincarnation.org .   

your true-self is the balance of the 
		polarities of male and female, and therefore has no gender -- 
		incorporates all the qualities of each of the earthly races -- and is 
		trans-human because your true-self is pure intellectual consciousness, 
		and does not have a human body as when incarnate in this sub-realm of 
		earthly physical existence.  mankind is of the fourth kingdom which 
		is the balance of the three heavenly and the three earthly kingdoms.  
		your true-self has a lower animal earthly nature that forms the 
		consciousness of your physical body (see 

the formation of our lower earthly animal consciousness
		
		http://treeoflife.nazirene.org#lowerearthlyanimalconsciousness 
		) -- that is the opposite polarity of your higher spiritual nature.  
		your true-self has lived and is presently living many lives (see
		

http://christianreincarnation.org ) -- wherein, your true-self is 
		spiritually evolving (see  
the evolving soul
		
		http://treeoflife.nazirene.org#theevolvingsoul ).  
   
		
 
personal development: 
		our twelve-dimensional soul or true-self enters this three-dimensional 
		sub-realm, in order to develop and grow the light of the soul. 
		
 

the real original trinity: or, not the 
		re-imagined faux-trinity created by pagan rome -- but rather, the 
		trinitarian divine pattern that is holographically replicated into all 
		of creation.     

your 
		true-self that is a being of light of pure intellect and knowing, dwells in a twelve-dimensional 
		environment that can be portrayed as 
		the realm of souls.  there is no such thing as a male or female 
		soul, because what we call male and female represents the polarities of mind and 
		soul-consciousness that manifests the white light of the soul.  
		

		  consciousness is the product of energy -- energy is expressed 
		through frequency and vibration as presented in the words of nicola 
		tesla when he said: “if you wish to understand 
		the universe  think of energy, frequency and vibration.“  
		 what this means is that the wholeness of the white light of the soul is 
		self-contained -- meaning that what is separate and individualized in a 
		three-dimensional realm, is and can exist at-one in the higher 
		twelve-dimensional realm of the soul.  in the book of genesis we 
		see two allegorical creation accounts -- with the fist stating: 
"god created man in his 
		own image.  in the image of god he created him; male and female he 
		created them" (gen 1:27).   what 
		is being portrayed is a higher dimensional reality where male and female 
		existed in a self-contained environment.  it is therefore important 
		to understand the wisdom in the gospel of philip which states: 

“when 
		eve was still with adam, death did not exist. when she was separated 
		from him, death came into being. if he enters again and attains his 
		former self, death will be no more”.  
		thus, in the higher twelve-dimensional soul reality, what is portrayed 
		as adam/positive polarity and eve/negative polarity existed in the 
		self-contained consciousness of our higher soul-self which is eternal -- 
		which became separated when expressed in this lower three-dimensional 
		realm when eve was portrayed as being drawn from the side of adam.  
		why? so the opposite polarities of male/positive and female/negative 
		polarities could interact and bring about the growth and development 
		when brought back into oneness and wholeness as expressed in the words:
		
"if he 
		(divided adam and eve) enters again and attains his former self (adameve), 
		death will be no more”.    
		which is why the pre-nicene church father origen portrayed the reality 
		of the soul in his 

famed work de principiis where he stated:
		
"the soul 
		has neither beginning nor end... every soul... comes into this world 
		strengthened by the victories or weakened by the defeats of its previous 
		life.  its place in this world as a vessel appointed to honor or 
		dishonor is determined by its previous merits or demerits. its work in 
		this world determines its place in the world which is to follow this..."  
		what this means is that for the soul is eternal, because of the higher 
		self-contained reality that exists in a multidimensional environment.  
		but, it is also true that the soul-self can only exist because of the 
		divided lower -- and the lower must simultaneously exist in an 
		individualized state within the being of (white) light.  and most 
		important is the fact that if the divisions within the one did not 
		exist, then neither could the one exit.  in a practical sense, an 
		ocean cannot exist without the individual drops.  a brick house 
		cannot exist without the individual bricks.  our body cannot exist 
		without the organs and systems that make it up.  thus, the higher 
		cannot exist, without the foundation of the lower.  



		the divisions among mankind do not exist in the higher reality of the soul -- i.e., 
		gender, race, etc. -- by virtue of the fact that wholeness can exist in the 
		twelve-dimensional higher reality of the soul.  when a male-sperm 
		and a female-ovum merge into an embryo in the environment of the womb of 
		the mother, the interaction of the two opposite polarities are necessary 
		for the development into a fetus which being brought together in accord 
		with the divine pattern, evolves into a newborn, and eventually a 
		person.  all growth and development is brought about within an 
		environment that augments and is conducive to that type of development.  
		thus, when our physical form emerged out of our mother's womb , we 
		entered the womb of mother-earth, in order to develop the mind (see the 
		real facts of life you were never told about
		http://therealfactsoflife.ebionite.com 
		).  and in the same way that the polarities of male (sperm) and 
		female (ovum) came together to form our physical body, the interaction 
		of a male person and a female person must come together to develop and 
		build the mental bodies that both surround the physical bodies of the 
		man and woman -- as well as the development of a cosmic embryonic 
		mind-body that acts as a soul-womb that has the effect of immersing the 
		man and woman into their own environment and atmosphere of growth that 
		has the ability to manifest a higher consciousness than the (lower 
		divided consciousness) of either the divided man or woman.  
because 
		all growth and development is brought about through the interaction of 
		opposite polarities, your soul
		incarnates 
		into this three-dimensional sub-realm where that aspect of mind and 
		consciousness that you are born into -- under the natural laws that will 
		determine your state of mind (see  

the enigma of the segmented mind
		
		http://outerdarkness.nazirene.org#segmentedmind 
		) -- can interact through the duality of this world, thereby enabling 
		growth and development.   

the objective is to achieve wholeness 
		through the subsequent stages of birth -- 

"they that are whole have no need of the 
		physician, but they that are sick: i came not to call the righteous, but 
		sinners to repentance" (mark 2:17).  when jesus 
		said these words, what he was acknowledging was the laws of nature that 
		initiate and brings about the necessary environment of growth and 
		development.  where our mother's womb was the necessary environment 
		for the physical to develop and achieve birth, this world is necessary 
		to bring about the next stage of mental-development and birth.  but 
		therein lies the problem as seen in the fact that mind is not the same 
		as the cookie-cutter development of the physical body that serves as a 
		vehicle that supports the mind -- because the development of mind 
		requires experiential knowledge through the exercise of choice, and 
		choice requires freewill to live out and experience the choices we have 
		made.  but since the  knowledge gained in any one life is 
		limited to the experiences of that life, the only way that the mind of 
		the soul can grow and evolve, it to live different lives born into 
		different environments -- with the natural laws that monitor the 
		developmental progress, causing the life of the person to support 
		achieving the necessary development of wholeness. 
 
 
in the same way 
		that an embryo is comprised of the genetic matter of the father and 
		mother, all growth and development is brought about through the 
		interaction of opposites, which interaction cannot be accomplished in 
		the twelve-dimensional environment of the soul.    consciousness 
		requires energy -- energy requires a positive pole which we relate to 
		the male-gender, and a negative pole which we relate to the 
		female-gender -- and the two poles of mental-energy are brought together 
		in what can be portrayed as the third-force balance (consciousness).  
		without the division of the two polarities, consciousness cannot exist.  
		in a twelve-dimensional environment, the two polarities can be 
		self-contained within the self.  white light is comprised of the 
		seven colors of the rainbow -- with each of the seven being comprised of 
		a different frequency of vibration as portrayed in both the octave and 
		the rainbow.  and once again when the seven frequencies that make 
		up white light, and the two positive and negative polarities are 
		self-contained in the twelve-dimensional reality of the soul, 
		interaction and developmental-growth cannot be brought about.  
		thus, when the soul incarnates into this three-dimensional sub-realm -- 
		with the seven frequencies of the octave and rainbow divided across the 
		seven spiritual centers of the physical body -- along with the division 
		of the male/positive and female/negative polarities -- the frequencies 
		and polarities of consciousness can directly interact -- enabling growth 
		and development through the interaction of opposites as portrayed in the 
		image at the right.  
 
while sex is the means 
		employed to join their physical natures where the woman becomes 
		connected to the man (see 
study on dna exchange
		
		http://brotherofjesus.org#study ), the exchange of dna brings about 
		an interaction 
		across the spectrum of both their mind and the seven spiritual centers 
		that manifest consciousness.  this mental and spiritual interaction 
		has the potential and capacity to bring about the subsequent stages of 
		birth (see the process of birth within the tree of life
		
		http://treeoflife.nazirene.org#foundation ).  in order to 
		develop and bring about the next stages of birth, it is of the utmost 
		importance to understand the spiritual meaning and reality of what the 
		original ebionite nazirene followers of jesus call the law (see the law 
		of the gospels http://thelawofthegospels.com 
		) -- and he explained to them how the sermon on mount returns our 
		thoughts and deeds back to us, by the law of octaves (see
		http://thelawofoctaves.com ).  
		only the most intelligent and enlightened of mankind understood these 
		principles of law that can be portrayed in modern terms as a
		"checksum" that tests and requires 
		wholeness, in order to bring about our own development (see the checksum 
		of the law http://thelawofoctaves.com#checksum  
		).  jesus tried to warn the people about the testing of our every 
		impression, thought and spoken word when he stated: 
"but i say unto you, that every idle word 
		that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of 
		judgment" (matt 12:36).  how can an
		"idle word" be evaluated on the 
		allegorical judgment day?  it can't.  why?  because every 
		day -- i.e., in every second of your life, the 
		"checksum" of the natural laws which controls the
		"narrow gate', evaluates your every 
		thought, word, desire and deed (see spiritual osmosis and the 
		narrow gate http://thelawofoctaves.com#osmosis
 ) -- wherein the law of god controls your growth 
		and development.   

the law of creator-god insures the development of each soul, by 
		returning that soul's own actions toward their brothers and sisters back 
		to them -- i.e., as you do to others, the same will be returned back to 
		you.  what this means is that in accord with your own thinking and 
		actions, your actions in this present life will orchestrate the 
		conditions of your soul's future lives (see are there religious 
		exemptions from the royal law  
		
		http://causalfactor.nazirene.org#religiousexemptions ).  each 
		person has therefore created their present life in accord with their own 
		past actions -- and are in the process of creating the lives they will 
		live in the future. each soul develops by confronting itself.  

 


 




god is the source of consciousness and 
		being that you must be reunited with 




in 
		the alpha of creation, each soul was as sparks of the divine mind. the 
		souls lacked any understanding of self and reality, because experiential 
		knowledge in the alpha/beginning did not exist. for the sake of unity, i 
		will quote from the universal jewish encyclopedia which i find 
		acceptable, under the heading of souls, transmigration of:
		“the doctrine of transmigration of souls, which 
		was especially accepted by the karaites… is defended by isaac abravanel 
		and manasseh ben israel. it appears often in cabala; it is found in 
		organized form in the zohar, it is further developed in the teachings of 
		isaac luria (1534-1572), and in hasidism it becomes a universal belief. 
		according to these teachings, all human souls have a common origin in 
		the spiritual unity of the primordial man, sparks of which form the 
		individual souls... the sin of adam brought higher and lower souls into 
		confusion; as a result, every soul has to pass through a series of 
		incarnations... the soul itself has no sex, which is determined by the 
		body and may vary from incarnation to incarnation”.




		in the zohar, the foundational doctrine of jewish mysticism, it is 
		written that: “all souls are subject to the 
		trials of transmigration; and men do not know the designs of the most 
		high with regard to them… the souls must re-enter the absolute substance 
		whence they have emerged. but to accomplish this end they must develop 
		all the perfections, the germ of which is planted in them; and if they 
		have not fulfilled this condition during one life, they must commence 
		another, a third, and so forth, until they have acquired the condition 
		which fits them for reunion with god”. thus, in the parabolic 
		teachings of the gospels, each prodigal son must return to the father.

		jesus taught that the kingdom is within each of us when he was asked 
		when it would come: 

the 
		kingdom of god comes not with observation: neither shall they say, see 
		here! or, see there! for, behold, the kingdom of god is within you" 
		(luke 17:20-21) -- i.e.,
		“‘for in him we live and move and have our 
		being.' as some of your own poets have said, ‘we are his offspring’” 
		(acts 17:28).  each spark of the divine mind portrayed by the mystic, is 
		at the core of our consciousness as a twelve-dimensional being of light 
		-- see
		
		http://beingoflight.com -- and is our true-self.  our soul evolves the light, by incarnating 
		into this three-dimensional realm where opposite polarities of mind have 
		been separated and divided, can interact with each other in this divided 
		form -- i.e., male can interact with female -- and through their 
		interaction on all levels of their being, higher-spiritual and lower-earthly 
		can interact and evolve.  higher 
		consciousness requires a paradoxically diverse mind that perceives and 
		understands from different and often opposite perspectives. in the same 
		way that each soul must return to the divine mind of the father, each 
		soul-generated personality who lives in the physical form, who 
		incarnates into lives as a physical man or woman, must return to their source in 
		the soul.  "the soul...", writes the 
		mystic st. teresa, is as “a castle made of a 
		single diamond… in which there are many rooms, just as in heaven there 
		are many mansions” (interior castle by st. teresa of avila).

		god is all-knowing -- and the super diverse intelligence of god is 
		brought about and maintained by the soul-factor, whereby each soul is as 
		a single neuron in the mind of god. each individual soul was created and 
		exists in the pattern of the whole, whereby each human incarnation 
		exists as a single neuron in the mind of the soul -- transcending time 
		as a dimension of soul-mind -- see saying 84 - the foundation of the 
		soul and the threefold self
		
		http://gospelofthomas.nazirene.org#84 . which means that as the 
		incarnated personalities of man evolve -- first in physical life, and 
		then in the after life -- each incarnated personality continues to dwell 
		in the soul mind-matrix, and can be accessed by man by developing our 
		inward-looking attributes of mind.

		the soul of jesus was the first to achieve the necessary wholeness and 
		perfection to be totally reunited to the divine mind. in order to 
		achieve this high level of mental and spiritual development, the soul of 
		jesus lived many previous lives. thus, the man jesus was and is the 
		original prodigal son who fulfilled the natural laws of creation which 
		enlightened deists portrayed as the laws of nature and nature's god, and 
		consciously returned to the divine mind of the father. the original 
		gospel teachings were designed to enable the souls of sincere seekers to 
		also become whole, complete and achieve the same perfection -- i.e., 
"they that are whole have no need of the 
		physician, but they that are sick: i came not to call the righteous, but 
		sinners to repentance" (mark 2:17). the problem is that the 
		gentiles did not understand the spiritual law that the gospels teach, 
		and they threw the teachings away -- bringing suffering upon the vast 
		majority of those who follow these teachings. the original teachings 
		have been restored at the law of the gospels
		
		http://thelawofthegospels.com .

the 
		gospel of thomas declares: "when you come to know yourselves, then you 
		will become known, and you will realize that it is you who are the sons 
		of the living father. but if you will not know yourselves, you dwell in 
		poverty". and this is why st. teresa stated: 
"it 
		is absurd to think we can enter heaven without first entering our own 
		souls, without getting to know ourselves"  
		but what is the self that the seeker must come to know and enter in 
		order to fulfill the adage to know thyself? the gospel of thomas does 
		not proclaim that if you don't know god, you dwell in poverty -- because 
		it is impossible to know god, without first fulfilling the ancient adage 
		to know thyself. and man cannot know the higher reality of his soul, 
		until he re-forms the divine pattern portrayed in the allegorical 
		account of adam and eve, into a condition of abiding oneness within 
		himself. "the soul...", writes st. teresa, is as “a castle made of a 
		single diamond… in which there are many rooms, just as in heaven there 
		are many mansions”. (see interior castle by st. teresa of avila).   
		why have i written this? it is important for a person who is a sincere 
		seeker, to understand what can be portrayed as the cosmology of mind -- 
		which is why the gospels present an allegorical blueprint of mind that 
		could be used by sincere seekers. what is the person's relationship to 
		their higher soul-self that the church father origen portrays as being 
		eternal -- i.e., "the 
		soul has neither beginning nor end... every soul... comes into this 
		world strengthened by the victories or weakened by the defeats of its 
		previous life. its place in this world as a vessel appointed to honor or 
		dishonor is determined by its previous merits or demerits...."
in like manner, it is important to understand the relationship of a 
		person's soul to the divine mind. as modern science advances and begins 
		to seek answers in the metaphysical, understanding the cosmology of mind 
		(without the allegory of the scriptures) is ultra-important. from a 
		scientific perspective: when you begin to recognize that consciousness 
		and all deeper levels of mind is metaphysical -- it is important to 
		understand the deeper levels of consciousness beyond the surface 
		thinking of organic man.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















 
 
as an intro to this website article, 
		facebook responded with the message: 
 "your 
		comment goes against our community standards on spam.  no one else 
		can see your comment. we have these standards to prevent things like 
		false advertising, fraud and security breaches."  the 
		post that facebook stated violated community standards read: 

"become your true-self - self-identify as a 
		trans-human being of light - escape the human closet of man or woman - 
		transcend all sexism, racism and elitism".  what is it 
		about this message that violates the community standards of facebook?  
		the only possible answer is that facebook is working to conceal the 
		information that man's true-self is a being of light -- the same being 
		of light that countless people encounter in a near death experience -- 
		the same being of light that was censored by the church and the roman 
		emperor justinian -- and the same being of light that is within your 
		ability to enter the presence of when you embrace the gospel, and use it 
		for its intended purpose as the key of knowledge (see the 


application of the key of knowledge
		
		http://keyofknowledge.org#applicationofthekeyofknowledge ).  
		which means that facebook is attempting to conceal from you the reality 
		of your own true-self. 
 
 



 






 


my personal search for truth: we are all born 
		ignorant.  our conscious (earthly) mind knows nothing.  we don't come 
		with a users manual.  we are born without answers to the question 
		posed by st. augustine when he asked:  "did my 
		infancy succeed another age of mine that dies before it? was it that 
		which i spent within my mother's womb? ... and what before that life 
		again, o god of my joy, was i anywhere or in any body?" 
(confessions of st. augustine).  in our upbringing, we are totally 
		dependent upon our parents and others to teach us.  in my case, i 
		was raised in the typical liberal churches.  organic man cannot envision his own higher 
		soul-reality. he sees himself in the image reflected back to him in the 
		mirror. he sees himself as a male or female -- as a certain race -- and 
		this body which s/he is inhabiting, is only a temporal vehicle that you 
		are inhabiting in the process of growth and development. the scriptures 
		are designed to assist the seeker in achieving success in this present 
		cycle of life.   where organic man look at it from the perspective of 
		proof, i look at it from the perspective of, how does a person develop, 
		so they would be able to envision their true-self. we are experiencing 
		this world from the perspective of our physical, earthly or ego self -- 
		that is embryonic in comparison to our higher true-self -- which means 
		that we must begin to acquire the necessary self-knowledge to fulfill 
		the adage to know thyself. 

		when physicist walter thirring stated in his book about the nature and 
		reality of physical matter that modern physics “...has put our thinking 
		about the essence of matter in a different context. it has taken our 
		gaze from the visible - the particles - to the underlying entity, the 
		field. the presence of matter is merely a disturbance of the perfect 
		state of the field at that place; something accidental, one could almost 
		say, a ‘blemish’. accordingly, there are no simple laws describing the 
		forces between elementary particles… order and symmetry must be sought 
		in the underlying field”. 

		science knows absolutely nothing about the unseen field that is the 
		source of the physical matter that we see. they don't know how to 
		investigate it -- they don't understand its purpose -- and in their 
		anti-metaphysical foundation, they remain totally ignorant of the 
		substance of the source of physical matter. in fact, what this means is 
		exactly as stated by einstein when he stated: “we may therefore regard 
		matter as being constituted by the regions of space in which the field 
		is extremely intense… there is no place in this new kind of physics both 
		for the field and matter, for the field is the only reality” 

		which provokes the question: what is being projected from the unseen 
		source-field? why can't we see the source? plato portrays what we see 
		with our physical senses as shadow-images projected by an unseen source 
		-- which modern cutting-edge science has confirmed. yet, the modern 
		scientific investigator by choice, remains totally ignorant about the 
		source of the shadow-images we see -- and is not able to investigate the 
		field from the perspective and within the field itself. therefore it can 
		be concluded that science is clueless on how to enter the source-field, 
		and gaze out at physical matter from the perspective of the source 
		looking outward. 

		thus, the statement by astronomer james jeans: “today there is a wide 
		measure of agreement… that the stream of knowledge is heading towards a 
		non-mechanical reality; the universe begins to look more like a great 
		thought than like a great machine”; and the statement by astronomer 
		arthur eddington: “the stuff of the universe is mind-stuff” -- both 
		demonstrate the reality that there is nothing but projected thought that 
		man's physical senses erroneously sees as concrete matter. which means 
		that you == and all the concrete matter you interact with daily -- is 
		actually a thought projected into this world from a source we know 
		absolutely nothing about.

		in like manner, physicist and nobel prize winner john archibald wheeler 
		stated that "every item in the physical world has at bottom ...an 
		immaterial source and explanation ...that all things physical are 
		information-theoretic in origin and that this is a participatory 
		universe". what this means is that what you see physically, conveys an 
		(allegorical) explanation pertaining to the "...immaterial [unseen] 
		source" that is projecting the physical shadow-image of what we see with 
		our physical senses. max planck who is considered the founder of quantum 
		theory stated: "as a man who has devoted his whole life to the most 
		clear headed science, to the study of matter, i can tell you as a result 
		of my research about atoms this much: there is no matter as such. all 
		matter originates and exists only by virtue of a force which brings the 
		particle of an atom to vibration and holds this most minute solar system 
		of the atom together. we must assume behind this force the existence of 
		a conscious and intelligent mind. this mind is the matrix of all 
		matter." and more recently, cyberneticist david foster described “an 
		intelligent universe” whose apparent concreteness is generated by cosmic 
		data from an unknowable, organized source. the holographic reality says 
		that: “…our brains mathematically construct hard reality by interpreting 
		frequencies from a dimension transcending time and space. the brain is a 
		hologram, interpreting a holographic universe.” and this largely 
		inconceivable reality is confirmed by einstein in the quotation where is 
		speaks of our physical presence as the manifestation of frequencies -- 
		i.e., "we are slowed down sound and light waves, a walking bundle of 
		frequencies tuned into the cosmos. we are souls dressed up in sacred 
		biochemical garments and our bodies are the instruments through which 
		our souls play their music".

		actually, nikola tesla had it right when he stated: "if you wish to 
		understand the universe, think of energy, frequency and vibration". if 
		you desire to gaze into the unseen source-field, then you can do this by 
		changing your "frequency and vibration" in the manner of the mystic who 
		seeks to understand the source of what he sees and interacts with  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 

 

 

 

 







 


who
are we?

what
are we?

from
where did we come?

what
is our ultimate destiny?
 

to the
demise of those who read these words, only a handful of people today can answer
these all-important crucial questions correctly!   the rest
dwell under the cloud of unknowing.   what do you actually know about 
yourself from the perspective of the axiom: know thyself?   the 
statement in the gospel of thomas that to their own detriment the vast majority 
of mankind ignores is this:  
"but 
if you will not know yourselves, you dwell in poverty and it is you who are that 
poverty... whoever finds 
himself is superior to the world."    
and thus, because only a 
handful of people possess the spiritual vision and esoteric knowledge to truly 
know thyself, mankind dwells in a poverty so profound, that the truth with 
respect to their own true reality remains incomprehensible to the whole foundation of 
modern thinking and awareness.   

if you think you are the person whose
reflection you see in the mirror, then you are a stranger to your true self, and
have made yourself part of the illusion of this world.   with great
wisdom yeshua/jesus is quoted in the books of the savior, also known as pistis
sophia (faith-wisdom):  
"do not cease seeking day or night, and do
not let yourselves relax until you have found all the mysteries of the kingdom
of light, which will purify you and make you into pure light and lead you into
the kingdom of light."     
and
of the transformation of the physical body jesus said:  

"do
not desist from seeking by day and by night, until you find thepurifying mysteries of the light, which refine the body of matter
and make
it a pure light very refined."    



how important is it to seek the mysteries of the kingdom of light in the life of 
all people -- many of whom believe that all is required is to live a good life?   
in the pistis sophia jesus states this warning:  
“but if 
he shall have sinned once, twice, or thrice, they shall reject that soul, 
sending it back again into the world according to the form of the sins that it 
may have committed; the form whereof i will declare unto you hereafter.  

but verily, verily i say unto you, that even the righteous man that hath 
committed no sin at all cannot be brought into the kingdom of light, forasmuch 
the seal of the mysteries of that kingdom is not found upon him. 

once for all, i say unto you, a soul cannot be brought into the kingdom, 
if it be without the mysteries of the kingdom of the light.” 

   
and 
when properly understood, the finding and discovery of self is the primary objective of all scriptures 
(see  an inconvenient truth).   and when we 
add to this the statement from the gospel of philip that
"those who say that first they shall die and 
 
(then) they shall arise are confused. if 
they do not first receive the resurrection (while) they live, they will not 
receive anything (when) they die"
 
 























"but 
									if you will not know yourselves, 




you dwell in poverty 
									and it is you who are that poverty... 



whoever finds himself is superior to the 
									world".


quoted from the gospel of thomas






 





click 
														above to access







									 



“…if anyone thinks that he 
									knows anything,  




he knows nothing yet as he 
									ought to know”




(1 cor 8:2 nkj)    





 




 

search
for self in
theway


 












 your true form
		

the being of light
		



 



know thyself
 



 









you are presently 
imprisoned in your body of flesh.  you are neither the image, or the person 
whose reflection looks back at you in the mirror.   your true self is 
neither male nor female -- you have no race as known here on earth -- and 
neither do you have a nationality associated with this world.   in your true form, 
you are a being of light -- pure intellect and energy -- and you are here, in 
god's school house (  
http://divinestrategery.com ), as the prodigal son or daughter, to evolve to maturity and 
completion.      

contrary to religious 
opinion, the bible and other holy books have very little to do with a person's 
fate when he dies (see  
an 
inconvenient truth), and everything to do with the journey of the prodigal son or 
daughter in their quest to achieve the next stage of birth -- i.e., what can be 
portrayed as soul-birth (see  http://soulself.org 
).   
a most important teaching is presented to the seeker in the gospel of philip 
where it warns:  "those 
who say that first they shall die and   
(then) they shall arise are confused. if they do not first receive the 
resurrection (while) they live, they will not receive anything (when) 
they die" (see  
http://divinemanna.org ).   and the resurrection has absolutely 
nothing to do with what a person experiences when they physically die -- but 
rather, the resurrection of the state of death that is portrayed in the parable of the 
prodigal son:  "for this my son was dead, and is alive 
again" (luke 15:24 kjv) -- and it is the death of this world that is 
portrayed in the bible and other scriptures.     

when jesus taught the multitudes, he could only speak to 
them in parables and enigmas -- yet, few readers ask why?   paul stated that the natural organic people of 
this world would look upon the mysteries of god as 
"foolishness" ( 

the mystery of the 
gospel ) -- and that man in his natural organic 
state of physical mind and being, was incapable of comprehending the higher reality of 
the soul and the kingdom of god that jesus taught was within us (

http://gateofeden.com ).   
  and this 
higher spiritual reality is true beyond man's 
ability to even comprehend.   and in this respect, truth is stranger 
than any fiction that man has ever be able to dream up and devise.   
and there is very little in our modern culture that will even prepare the people 
to understand their own higher soul-reality.    as the soul who 
lived as jacob who people call james, the brother of yeshua who people call 
jesus (see  
brother of 
yeshua ), the inner core of jesus' disciples possessed the ability to enter within the 
inner door within themselves, and enter the inner kingdom where they were able 
to see and understand all things in the true reality of light and being.   and the 
ability to enter the inner realm of souls, has nothing in common with an out of 
body experience, and a journey into the astral realms.    the 
inner kingdom can only be entered by those who are permitted therein.  
 

in many lifetimes 
myself and the other disciples have entered back into the earth, and assisted 
those who were true seekers of theway.   the vast majority of immature 
prodigal sons and daughters we could not help, because they have yet to reach 
the necessary level of maturity that would permit them to return to the edenic 
kingdom of origination (see  
gate 
of eden ).   because this world is god's school house (see

divine strategery) -- 
and in the true reality of our existence, there are no shortcuts -- no group 
social promotions -- and there are no school dropouts -- only the few who are 
worthy to enter within the holy of holies of the living body temple, are 
permitted into the inner kingdom.       

































     
						


   
						












	click above to access on facebook


 





click icon 
		below













the idea that you must find and come to know 
	thyself seems so antithetical to not only the message of the gospel, but 
	also most religious monastic mindsets -- with the added fact that few people 
	would be able to even define what it is about the self that one is required 
	to know -- means that the whole concept of knowing thyself in the modern 
	dogmatic world, is representative of an incomprehensible enigma.   and yet, 
	if the gospel of thomas saying of jesus is correct -- and even 
	representative of the "q" source that bible scholars look for -- then it 
	should be disconcerting to the modern believer that jesus portrays them as 
	dwelling in a great poverty of mind and being.   but perhaps even more 
	confusing is when this statement to know thyself is seen in the context of 
	whoever attempts to save his life will loose it (matt. 16:26) -- to the 
	degree that one must totally deny one's self:  
"if 
	anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross daily 
	and follow me" (luke 9:23).   thus, the questions must be posed: 
	how can one know thyself, and yet must lose one's self?   what is there to 
	know, if whatever is of the self must be gotten rid of?   by all accounts, 
	this enigma of paradoxical opposites appears to undermine all that most 
	believers think they know about the gospel message.   and if it is true that 
	there is something to know about the self that, if one is ignorant of this 
	reality of self, that one dwells in a state of abject poverty and knows 
	nothing of any real value, then even what a believer thinks they know and 
	believes, will remain in perpetual error.   thus, confirming the long 
	ignored warning:  "there is a way that seems right 
	to man, but its end is the way of death" (prov 14:12).   which 
	would confirm the validity of the warning in the epistle of peter and james 
	that if this paradoxical enigmatic knowledge is not understood, that 
	 
"...it will remain even 
	for those who really seek the truth, always to wander in error"!!!  
	could such a thing be true?

what if you are not your real or true self?   and 
	if you preserve and attempt to save that which is false, that you will have 
	squandered your life away?   what if what is often portrayed as the 
	ego-self, is the person you are in this world, while the true self exists at 
	a deeper level of mind and being and cannot easily manifest in the person 
	whose thinking, mindset and lifestyle is founded upon the temporal cultures 
	and lifestyles of this world?   and what if when jesus makes reference to 
	the blind, deaf and those incapable of understanding with any depth of 
	comprehension, it is in reference to those who are carnal and anchored to 
	this world -- which condition of mind is that portrayed as dwelling in what 
	jesus said was the  "outer darkness" of 
	mind and being?    and what if beyond the barrier of the inner wall of 
	consciousness where the true self dwells, all truths were seen and known in 
	the light of a naked reality?   why, all of a sudden the enigmas of knowing 
	one's self, losing the self in this world, and ones search for the kingdom 
	within, would suddenly be understood from a totally different perspective 
	than it is today.   even the lord's prayer where jesus teaches his followers 
	to beseech the lord to bring about the manifestation of the kingdom (within) 
	-- and why jesus commanded to seek the kingdom first as seen in the words:
	
"but seek ye first the kingdom of god, and his 
	righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you" 
	(matt. 6:33) -- one would have to conclude that man's present-day dogmatic 
	poverty is so great, that the modern church has very little in common with 
	the original teachings of jesus and theway.    if one is supposed to seek 
	the kingdom by losing the false-self of one's carnal nature, in order to 
	permit one's true inner self to manifest, then the whole dogmatic concept of 
	waiting until you physically die to see if you will inherit the promise of 
	going to glory, would have to be radically re-evaluated in light of 
	countless other original gospel teachings and concepts that are largely 
	ignored today.   and if this is true, then what you are about to read could 
	very well be the most important thing you have ever read in your entire 
	life. 











what happens when we die: this is a duplicate of a below 
	entry that i added to the beginning of the web page, because it is important 
	to understand that the gospels and the vast majority of religions have 
	absolutely nothing to do with what we experience in an after death state or 
	a near death experience (nde).    to 
	the degree that if you consult any one of the world's religions to 
	understand what you will experience in an after death state, you will be 
	gravely misguided.   so much so, that it is common for 
	those who experience an nde to abandon their religion.   what they 
	find in the nde seems to prove all religious teachings in error.   
	there is no judgment seat, heaven or hell, and neither is their any 
	commonality in what they were led to believe they would experience in their 
	respective religions.   yet, if they truly understood either the 
	inner meaning of the scriptures, or the objectives of the life they are 
	living, then they would immediately come to understand that they need the 
	scriptures more now -- after experiencing an nde -- than at any time prior to the 
	near death experience.   only then, after their eyes have been 
	opened to a higher reality that few people in this world come to understand, 
	can they even begin to use the bible as it was originally intended to be 
	used.  


 



beyond
religion and science
 

what
is our true reality?  the authors of the bible itself attempt many times to
warn the reader that they are in no way prepared to even envision their own true
soul and spiritual reality.   while most christians simply ignore and 
quickly skip over these verses of scripture that they fail to
comprehend, it must be understood that a carnal person who
uses less than 10% of his potential of mind -- i.e., a person of a purely
natural mindset whose thinking is very much attached and dependent on the
culture and things of this world -- are for the most part totally unaware of
man’s inner soul and spiritual reality.  

because their whole focus in life is directed outwardly, it is near
impossible for them to even perceive and comprehend the inner meaning of the spiritual concepts of
the bible -- and it is of these people, even when they claim to be believers in
the gospel, of whom the apostle paul wrote that the things of the spirit appear
to be 
"foolishness"
(1 cor 2:14) to them.   
 in our
endeavor to embrace reality through the higher teachings of the word of god that
paul warns is beyond human comprehension, it is important that we recognize the
universality of the apostle’s words with respect to what he calls the  
“natural
man” who is
too carnal in his manner of thinking to even contemplate the mysteries of god.  
and to these baptized and committed believers who he refers to as   
“babes
in christ” (1 cor 3:1-2), “...tell about the
visions i've had, and revelations from the lord. fourteen years ago i was taken
up to heaven for a visit. don't ask me whether my body was there or just my
spirit, for i don't know; only god can answer that. but anyway, there i was in
paradise, and heard things so astounding that they are beyond a man's power to
describe or put in words (and anyway i am not allowed to tell them to others)”
 (2 cor 12:1-4 tlb).  

what did
paul see and experience that was not only beyond natural man's ability to
comprehend, but was not lawful to tell what he saw to others?   
in the  
martyrdom of ignatius
(first century overseer of antioch), ignatius speaks of himself as a disciple of
john.  
 in his epistle to the
ephesians he writes that he has been 
 
“initiated
into the mysteries of the gospel with paul, the holy, the martyred”. 

in his epistle to the trallaus he speaks of the mysteries and writes: 
 “might
i not write to you things more full of mystery? 

but i fear to do so, lest i should inflict injury on you who are babes. 

pardon me in this respect, lest, as not being able to receive their
weighty import, ye should be strangled by them”. 

ignatius also writes that though he is aware of the mysteries, he is not
yet  “by any means perfect, nor am i such a
disciple as paul or peter”.




   


what preacher of the gospel today warns his congregation that if he was
to reveal the true teachings of the new covenant -- the gospel of god -- he
would 
“inflict injury on you who are babes”
in christ?   
 what teaching of
the lord could a present-day preacher of the gospel reveal that the congregation
of believers are not  
“able to receive their
weighty import”?  

if ignatius or the other early church fathers who knew the mysteries of
the kingdom of god were with us today, what profound mystery could they speak
regarding the true teachings of jesus that believers today would be 
 “strangled
by them”?   
and while we permit our children to be robbed of the knowledge of their own
higher reality through the mass propagation of darwinism and the theory of
evolution which is little more than junk science, we ignore the findings of
modern science with proves the validity of the visionaries who authored the
bible (see  
science
proves religion).    


with
respect to what christians believe today, paul warned that until they underwent
the process of spiritual transformation, they could only be given the  
 

 "milk"
of the gospel: “i gave you milk, not
solid food, for you were not yet ready for it. indeed, you are still not
ready” (1 cor 3:2 niv).   




again it is important to
understand the words of the apostle when he warned that:  
“anyone
who lives on milk, being still an infant, is not acquainted with the teaching
about righteousness. but solid food is for the mature, who by constant use have
trained themselves to distinguish good from evil”
(heb 5:13-14 niv).     
the very
words,  “…who by constant use have trained
themselves”, implies a faith that is
thoroughly incorporated into a spiritual mindset and manner of living in
accordance with the royal law of the most high.    further, with respect to the level of truth, what the
apostle is stating is this: if you are still living and believing the  
“milk”
of the gospel -- i.e.,  “jesus christ, and him
crucified” (1 cor 2:2 kjv); and in the words
of the apostle:  “therefore let us leave the
elementary teachings about christ and go on to maturity, not laying again the
foundation of repentance from acts that lead to death, and of faith in god,
instruction about baptisms, the laying on of hands, the resurrection of the
dead, and eternal judgment” (heb 6:1-2 niv)
-- then the apostle states that such a person whose thinking is still bound by a
carnal perception of the word,  
“is still an
infant, [and] is not acquainted with the teaching about righteousness”
(heb 5:13).   
 why?  

because these are the doctrines that were given to the 


“babes in
christ”
(1 cor 3:1 kjv) -- entry-level believers who were yet too carnal
to comprehend the genuine revelation of the christ of the spirit and the
mysteries of god.   
 moreover,
from a biblical perspective, the most egregious of sin against the holy spirit
was for the believer to be stagnant, and remain an entry level christian -- as
is the case in the modern church today. 


these facts conveyed to us by
the apostle paul go to the very core of why spiritual truths are embodied in
physical symbols when they are set before the people of the simple faith?  

in the words of the church father origen, the resurrection was 
 “preached
in the churches... for the simpleminded and for the ears of the common crowd who
are led on to live better lives by their belief”.    when jesus warned that: 
 “whoever
does not carry his own cross and come after me cannot be my disciple”
(luke 14:27 nas); the overcoming of the flesh and the lower nature, which is
represented in the resurrection, is the resurrection spoken of by st.
gregory’s when he wrote,  “the resurrection
is no other thing than ‘the re-constitution of our nature in its original
form’”.    
and this higher
spiritual reality -- which is our true spiritual reality as the prodigal sons
and daughters of the most high -- is the reality that is beyond carnal human
comprehension -- and thus, can only be presented to entry-level seekers through 
the allegorical symbolism which paul portrays as the  
"milk"
of the gospel that was intended to nourish  
"babes
in christ".










the
revelation 

of
the mysteries of the kingdom

 
god
does not abandon those who seek the kingdom with a pure heart and a consecrated
life.   god does not leave those who are willing to live in the light
to be victims of counterfeit priests, clergy and churches that teach the
doctrines and traditions of men.   in the same way that my brother
jesus condemned the counterfeit jewish leaders, the church that calls itself
christian has crucified the messiah/christ with its manmade doctrines and
darkness.   in a letter to pope leo x on september 6th, 1520,
martin luther wrote of the christianity of his day, that the church, 

“…once
the holiest of all, has become the most licentious den of thieves, the most
shameless of all brothels, the kingdom of sin, death, and hell. it is so bad
that even antichrist himself, if he should come, could think of nothing to add
to its wickedness”
(quoted in: the great thoughts; compiled by george seldes).   this
same church corrupted the scriptures (see  
the
orthodox corruption of the scriptures)
-- and alienated man from the sacred teachings of theway by recreating jesus as
god (see  
the
ten words that restores christianity).  
and where the teachings of yeshua/jesus should have been the gateway to life
(see  
gate
of eden), the
whole structure of the church became corrupted (see  
the
death of the religion of jesus).
as
the man who lived at the beginning of our common era as the brother of yeshua/jesus
(see  
http://brotherofyeshua.com
), i have been sent back into this life many times to help those who deserved to
learn and know the mysteries of the kingdom of god that my brother taught his
most faithful disciples.   do the servants of the most high god
re-enter the world to guide those who are worthy of knowing theway?   to some respect st. jerome in
his 94th epistle to avitus revealed an element of truth which we fail to
understand today when he wrote:  “a divine
habitation, and a true rest above, i think, is to be understood, where rational
creatures dwelt, and where, before their descent to a lower position, and
removal from invisible to visible [worlds], and fall to earth, and the need of
gross bodies, they enjoyed a former blessedness. whence god the creator made for
them bodies suitable to their humble position, and created this visible world
and sent into the world ministers for their salvation”. 
we fail to understand this concept expressed by one of the most orthodox
authorities of the post-nicean church today, because we are unable to comprehend
the relationship of our own pre-existing soul that exists in a parallel realm of
inner consciousness.   we fail to understand that prior to our entering into
this present life, an embryonic image of our soul descended into a 

“…lower position, and removal from
invisible to visible [worlds], and fall to earth”.  
why?   because a part of
our soul which was undeveloped, remained in a gross state corresponding to the
lower kingdoms of nature (mineral, vegetable and animal) -- and the only means
that the soul is able to develop that part of it’s mind and move on to
completeness, is to enter this world where these grosser elements of mind are
physically manifest.   moreover,
in order to help these souls whose lower nature is lost in this world, more
developed souls enter into this world in order to guide their lost brothers and
sisters out of the darkness of this realm -- i.e., the words of jerome as seen
in his statement that  “…whence god the
creator made for them bodies suitable to their humble position, and created this
visible world and sent into the world ministers for their salvation”.  
very clearly st. jerome acknowledges that the
soul pre-exists the formation of the physical body in this life. 
going one step further we can see this understanding of the cycles of
life presented in jerome’s words:  “the doctrine of
transmigration (reincarnation) has been secretly taught from ancient times to
small numbers of people, as a traditional truth which was not to be divulged”
(hyeronym., epistola ad demetriadem; quoted in reincarnation an east-west
anthology by joseph head and s.l. cranston) -- or the words of the church father
origen who wrote: “every soul… comes into
this world strengthened by the victories or weakened by the defeats of its
previous life”. 

jesus
taught that each of us is the prodigal son/daughter of the one god -- and that
we enter this world to embrace the process of soul/spiritual growth and
perfection (matt 5:48).   of this higher reality that is beyond the
comprehension of carnal man, rufinus writes of the churches teachings:

"...that
it is not according to his [god’s] own pre-judgment and knowledge, but
according to the merit of the elect that god’s choice of men is determined;
and he says that, before the creation of the visible world, of sky and earth and
seas and all that they contain, there existed other invisible creatures, among
which also were souls; and that these souls, for reasons known to god alone,
were cast down into this vale of tears, this place of our mournful pilgrimage,
and that this is shewn by the prayer uttered by a holy man of old who, having
his habitation fixed here, yet longed to return to his original abode: 'woe is
me that my sojourning is prolonged, that i have my habitation among the
inhabitants of kedar,' and, '…my soul has long been a pilgrim,' and again 'o
wretched man that i am, who will deliver me from the body of this death?' and in
another place 'it is better to return and be with christ,' and elsewhere, 'before
i was brought low, i sinned;' and other words of a like character.”
(life and works of rufinus with jerome’s apology against rufinus, the apology
of rufinus in two books; anti-nicene & post-nicene fathers, s.2, v.3 [27], p
903).    what
is clear here is that many of the earliest of christian church authorities
openly professed the belief that the soul pre-existed the body and the life that
we presently live -- and our soul is in fact a  
“sojourner”
-- a  "pilgrim”
-- in this physical world.   speaking
of men such as the apostle paul, rufinus writes of jerome and origen’s
doctrine:  “…before the souls were cast down
into the world, and before the world, which was made up of souls, had been cast
down together with its inhabitants into the abyss, god chose paul and those like
him, who were holy and undefiled."  

to
clarify this doctrine, a biblical example is then provided which can be likened
to the work of the preachers of the gospel that god sends into the world to help
the sinners who are lost:  “...just as in the
babylonian captivity, when nebuchadnezzar carried away the people into chaldaea,
ezekiel and daniel and the three children, and haggai and zechariah were sent
with them, not because they deserved to become captives, but that they might be
a comfort to those who were carried away; so also, in that ‘casting down’ of
the world, those who had been chosen by god before the world was, were sent to
instruct and train the sinful souls, so that these, through their preaching,
might return to the place from which they had fallen; and this is what is meant
by the words of the eighty-ninth psalm: 'lord thou hast been our refuge in
generation and in offspring, before the mountains were established, or the earth
and the world were made;' that is to say, that before the world was made, and a
beginning was made of the generation of all things, god was a refuge to his
saints.”    thus,
in this early christian understanding of the word, we see that it is the will of
god that certain pure souls were sent along with the jews for the purpose to 

“instruct
and train the sinful souls, so that these, through their preaching, might return
to the place from which they had fallen”.  
in clarification of what is being said, rufinus writes of st. jerome and
origen’s teaching:   "you
say that these souls, for reasons known to god alone, enter into bodies at the
time of birth in this visible world: those souls, you say, who in a former age
had been inhabitants of heaven, now dwell here, on this earth, and that not
without reference to certain acts which they had committed while they lived
there. you say further that all the saints, such as paul and others like him in
each generation were predestinated by god for the purpose of recalling them by
their preaching to that habitation from which they had fallen...”


as
documented in the earliest writings of the church, many times have i and others
been sent back into the world to guide those who desired truth and light in
theway.    and
once properly understood, the experience of paul when he was taken up to
paradise (see above) was not unique -- i.e., all of the disciples of
messiah/christ have many times returned from the kingdom to guide the seekers of
truth in theway.   and while, like paul, i am not permitted to tell
you certain things -- it is also true that because of the vast technological achievements of modern
man -- and the fact that in many of his aspects of life he has moved beyond the
grosser levels of superstition and ignorance of the past -- and man no longer
worships carved images as gods -- i am able to speak to you more plainly of the
things that you must know in order to "know
thyself" and your true soul and
spiritual reality that existed prior to your entering into your present life.






ye are gods!

(john 10:34)


our
true nature and form


as
portrayed in the parable of the prodigal son 


 

"jesus answered them,
is it not written in your law, 'i said, you are gods '?" (john 10:34
nkj).    if jesus confirmed the law which
declared that we are gods, then what is our true nature?    
when the first century christian
justin martyr quoted the 82nd chapter of psalms from his scriptures,
the sacred writings that he used did not read as ours does today.

   “god standeth in the
congregation of gods”,   justin wrote, i said, ye are gods, and are all
children of the most high...”  
(dialogue of justin).  

in addition to justin, this verse is also found translated in this same
manner in the works of tertullian, origen and cyprian.  

thus, we have the witness of four of the earliest of christians that
“god standeth in the congregation of gods”,
when the scriptures are speaking about us. 
    
 justin
then goes on to explain that all men were made like god, 
“free
from suffering and death, provided that they kept his commandments, and were
deemed deserving of the name of his sons, and yet they, becoming like adam and
eve, work out death for themselves... thereby it is demonstrated that all men
are deemed worthy of becoming ‘gods’, and of having power to become sons of
the highest; and shall be each by himself judged and condemned like adam and
eve”.   
 

even
our very own bibles at one time more clearly taught this same concept. 

in the third century 1 john 3:2 read somewhat differently than it does in
our present translations. 

quoting from origen’s contra celsum we read that   
“it doth not yet
appear what we shall be; but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like
god, and shall see him as he is”. 

with regard to our becoming like god, origen then writes regarding
matthew 5:48 that   “...the virtue of man and of god is identical. and
therefore we are taught to become ‘perfect,’ as our father in heaven is
perfect”. 

the
great truth that has been continually expressed by both jewish and christian
visionaries is that the knowledge
of the mysteries of god and the divine plan begins with the knowledge of
ourselves as the prodigal sons of our heavenly father.  

it is for this reason that the second-century church father clement of
alexandria said that it is 
 
“…the
greatest of all lessons to know one's self. 

for if one knows himself, he will know god; and knowing god, he will be
made like god… and that man becomes god, since god so wills”.  

in his treaties on  the soul and the resurrection, st gregory
writes that  
“the
resurrection is no other thing than 'the re-constitution of our nature in its
original form’”, and
states that there will come a time  
“…when
the complete whole of our race shall have been perfected from the first man to
the last”.


     
this
statement should provoke great thought in the reader who is under the
misconception that our heavenly father would destroy or forever cut off one of
his sons or daughters who are lost in this world.  if the whole of our race
will one day be perfected from the first man to the last, then there are many
grave misconceptions on the part of believers today. 

the
reason these great truths are no longer the focus of the modern church is best
captured in the words of  

a.
powell davies:  
“biblical
scholars”, he writes,

”were not disturbed
by what they found in the dead sea scrolls because they had known all along that
the origin of christianity was not what was commonly supposed to have been”

(quoted by millar
burrows in more light on the dead sea scrolls).  

what davies was referring to was the fact that in the fourth century, the church of constantine
so altered the focus of the teachings of the new covenant, that what we call
christianity today has its doctrinal legacy of birth in pagan rome, and
has little in common with the religion that the son of god revealed to man at
the beginning of our common era.  

unlike
the 4th century church of constantine that declared jesus to be god, the
original disciples and first followers of jesus saw him as a man who lived such
a holy and consecrated life (see  
ebionite
homepage), that he
became at-one with god -- and thus became the divine pattern that all men must
emulate.   their view of him
was that he was the firstborn -- or the first resurrected to the kingdom -- the
first of the prodigal sons to return home from among us, his brothers.  

this is especially seen in the words of the lord where he said: 
 
“for
whosoever shall do the will of my father which is in heaven, the same is my
brother, and sister, and mother”

(matt 12:50 kjv).




it
is plain in the scriptures that jesus is  
“a
pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting”
(1 tim 1:16 kjv).   
 a pattern
is not something that you casually believe in -- but rather, something that you
mold your life after.   
 moreover,
if jesus is the pattern, then jesus is the very standard by which all men are to
be judged.    
why?  

because if jesus was a man who was able to perfect himself by fulfilling 
the royal law within himself, and be resurrected into the
kingdom, then all our excuses for leading carnal and immoral lives are without
merit -- i.e., because this same standard would then be expected of us -- the
lord's brothers and sisters.   
 



the
apostle tells us:  
“therefore
be imitators of god, as beloved children”
(eph 5:1 nas).   
 if we were
created as inferior beings who were nothing more than the natural offspring of
adam and eve, as christians believe today, then the apostle would never have
told a race of inferior beings to imitate god.  

the basis of paul's words is seen in the fact that man is created in the
image and likeness of god, and is god's own offspring.  

if we were inferior beings, neither would god command us: 
 
“ye
shall therefore be holy, for i am holy”
(lev 11:45 kjv), if we did not possess this innate ability.  

what is written here is no different than what st. gregory said when he
wrote that we must walk the  
“path
of an exact imitation of him who leads the way to salvation”
-- which path in the words of st. nazianzen, reveals to us our true nature and
makes  “us like god”.




when
a child becomes an adult, is he inferior to his parent?   in like
manner, when
the prodigal son returns home to the edenic kingdom of origination, and matures
to his full spiritual potential and stature, is he inferior to his father?  

what is important is for us to realize that we do not know our true
potential, and neither do we understand the process that gives us the ability to


“imitate
god”, and makes us 
 
“like
god”.  

the undeniable christian truth that no one who claims to be a believer
should deny, is that we don't know the answer to these questions.  

how can we?   
 as
christians, we have faith that jesus meant what he said when he promised that he
would teach us -- and reveal to us all the mysteries of god -- if we become his
faithful disciple.   

this
great truth is seen in origen's reply to celsus where he wrote:  
“by
participation in the son of god one is adopted as a son…
by participation in the holy spirit is a man rendered holy and
spiritual…”.  

those who have not themselves yet uncovered their true spiritual nature
as the sons and daughters of god, perceive sacred truths in forms, types, and
allegories -- because they, being carnal,   
“cannot
comprehend” the
mysteries of god that awaits them.   
 when
god, in the words of st. nazianzen, no longer is an  
“object
of wonder”, but rather
an  “object of desire”
-- and we, desiring to be purified from the defilements of this world, make
ourselves fit vessels for the lord to indwell, the spirit, according to st.
nazianzen, reveals to us our true nature, and the revelation of this manifest
sacred knowledge makes  
“us
like god; so that when we have thus become like himself, god may, to use a bold
expression, hold converse with us as gods, being united to us, and that perhaps
to the same extent as he already knows those who are known to him”. 

st. nazianzen then writes that  
“the
divine nature then is boundless and hard to understand”
by those who are yet carnal and think as natural beings of this world.




who
among us has attained to such a level of godliness that god will  
“converse
with us as gods”?  

it is for this reason that origen admits that the disciple of christ
knows full well that growing to spiritual maturity is not a simple chore.  

in the same way that a fetus and infant cannot grow to maturity in the cycle of a day,
neither can the soul grow to its godly potential in the cycle of one lifetime.  

in the same way that a child grows to a man in steps, jesus taught (see 
 
the
unanswerable question) the soul has transmigrated and inhabited many bodies
of flesh in its quest for this necessary level of godliness.  

it is also the true disciple of christ who knows that the lord jesus came
to save us from our fate of being lost in this world -- in subjection to the
law, ever reincarnating in useless lives of suffering and spiritual depravation
-- but carnal man, refusing to follow in jesus' footsteps, continually chooses
the darkness of this world over the light of the kingdom.




the
question the modern believer must ask is this: do you truly believe the words of
our lord when he said:  “i am the way and the truth and the life. no one
comes to the father except through me” (john 14:6 niv)?  

if you believe these words, then you have only one option: you must be
ready to cast off the manmade doctrines of error that have become infused into
modern christianity, and become a genuine disciple of the light.  

if you truly believe, then you must begin your search for the real jesus.  

the true christians are not those who believe in the antichrist of
constantine or the very carnal and pagan doctrines of the roman church -- but
rather, those who realize that they must have jesus the nazirene, and no other.  

true christians know that it is not enough to believe, they must believe
the truth -- which truth can only be received directly from the lord.
 further, you must receive and become your true self -- i.e., the being of
light, while you are still alive in the physical body -- as demonstrated in the
words from the gospel of philip: 



"if
anyone becomes a child of the bridal chamber, he will receive the light. 
if anyone does not receive it while he is here, he will not be able to receive
it in the other place. he who will receive that light will not be seen, nor can
he be detained. and none shall be able to torment a person like this, even while
he dwells in the world. and again when he leaves the world, he has already
received the truth in the images. the world has become the aeon (eternal realm),
for the aeon is fullness for him. this is the way it is: it is revealed to him
alone, not hidden in the darkness and the night but hidden in a perfect day and
a holy light."

 














 


the greatest error of the 
						gentile-church which portrayed itself as orthodox, was 
						made when they attached their religion to the old 
						testament of the jews -- portraying the jews as the 
						forerunner of the church.  why did the church do this?   
						to provide the church with a false and counterfeit 
						facade of authenticity -- but what is known as 
						replacement theology has been one of the primary causes 
						of the demise of christianity.   the gospel account of 
						jesus portrays the jews as the offspring of the devil -- 
						i.e., 

"why do you not 
						understand my speech? because you are not able to listen 
						to my word. you are of your father the devil, and the 
						desires of your father you want to do. he was a murderer 
						from the beginning, and does not stand in the truth, 
						because there is no truth in him. when he speaks a lie, 
						he speaks from his own resources, for he is a liar and 
						the father of it" (john 8:43-44 nkj).  
						the chosen people are representative of spiritual israel 
						-- where as the jews as personified in the pharisees and 
						sadducees were representative of counterfeit israel -- 
						i.e., the offspring of the devil.   the authors of the 
						gospels were representative of spiritual israel, who 
						were the people of the new covenant.  the jews were the 
						carnal impostors who were shackled by the old covenant 
						and the literal law of moses.   when the gospel account 
						of jesus spoke of fulfilling the tenets of the old 
						testament, he was referring to the fact that the old 
						testament is an allegorical portrayal of the laws that 
						must be fulfilled within the seeker/disciples own mind 
						and being in order for the lost prodigal sons to be 
						restored to the edenic kingdom of origination.  all 
						reference to a coming anointed one (messiah/christ), 
						portray the anointing of the mind of the seeker/disciple 
						who fulfills the (allegorical) law within themselves.  
						where the jews as counterfeit israel sacrificed animals 
						in the temple of this world made with the hands of man, 
						spiritual israel transforms the body and mind into the 
						living temple that enables the seeker/disciple to be 
						taught directly by the indwelling logos (see
						
						the gospels and the preexistent soul that evolves to 
						perfection in many lifetimes ).  all the references 
						to the building of the temple and the sacrifice of 
						animals, is an allegorical portrayal of what must be 
						accomplished within the body and mind of the disciple of 
						theway.  and only when the necessary wholeness embodied 
						in the term spiritual israel is brought about through 
						the fulfillment of the royal law within you, can the 
						kingdom come within the mind and body of the disciple of 
						theway.   and this is why the gospel account of jesus 
						stated: "they that are whole 
						have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: i 
						came not to call the righteous, but sinners to 
						repentance" (mark 2:17).   





 the 
						true (unknown) nature and reality of the scriptures: 
						if you had an original copy of the gospels, you could 
						use them as a catalyst to achieve an enlightened and 
						anointed state of mind -- prevailing over self, mentally 
						and spiritually evolving to your full potential, and 
						overcoming the division between you and your heavenly 
						father.  if you had an original copy of the gospels and 
						used them as the authors intended them to be used, at 
						this moment as the prodigal son/daughter, you could have 
						been restored to the edenic kingdom -- and having 
						overcome even death, you would dwell with your elder 
						brother jesus -- who, as the first of the prodigal sons 
						to fulfill the royal law within himself, completed the 
						journey in theway before you.  
critics claim 
						that the gospels are poorly written -- gospels 
						contradict other gospels -- that they contain countless 
						inconsistencies and discordances -- that they 
						plagiarized other religions -- and that they totally 
						lack continuity with the old testament.  yet, these same 
						critics fail to understand that the alleged 
						inconsistencies, discordances and conflicts in the 
						biblical texts were intentionally inserted for an 
						ultra-important reason that both the modern christians 
						and the critics fail to understand.  further, the 
						removal and editing of these alleged discordances, 
						inconsistencies and supposed conflicts in the scriptures 
						by the scribes and translators, has directly inhibited 
						the gospels from fulfilling their intended core purpose 
						as the text-book for the lost prodigal sons/daughters to 
						return and be restored to the edenic kingdom of 
						origination that each person had previously abandoned.  
						the great looming fact is that the scriptures are not 
						historical accounts -- their authors never intended them 
						to be historical accounts -- and when used in this 
						manner, they are rendered virtually worthless with 
						respect to their original purpose and objectives.  
						moreover, the acceptance of the old testament as the 
						forerunner to the gospels, the promotion of the jews as 
						the chosen people, and the adoption of replacement 
						theology, has alienated the church from its true source, 
						and has caused the spiritual disenfranchisement of 
						christianity.   the term old testament is a deception, 
						because the gospels are not -- and were never intended 
						to be -- a replacement for the scriptures of the jews.  
						why?  because the gospels in their original form, better 
						reflect the source than does both judaism and the 
						torah.  the jews were not -- and are not -- the chosen 
						people of god -- and other than the fulfillment of the 
						allegorical spiritual meaning of the old testament in 
						ways that are not at all understood, the gospels have 
						nothing in common with the old testament.  ignorance of 
						the true meaning and purpose of the gospels, has totally 
						destroyed the christian path into the kingdom -- a path 
						that only can be walked while the person is still alive 
						in the physical body.   but the good side is seen in the 
						fact that if you are a sincere seeker -- whether jewish, 
						christian or muslim -- after you understand the true 
						spiritual value and reality of the original gospels, i 
						will reveal to you how to get possession of a copy of 
						the original gospels.   why is this important?   because 
						these sacred writings contain invaluable essential 
						wisdom and knowledge that is not available anywhere else 
						in this world.   

 
the above is an excerpt 
						from 
						http://originalgospel.ebionite.com .   as the 
						prodigal sons and daughters, your heavenly father 
						desires your return to the edenic kingdom that you 
						abandoned to travel into this, the far country.  the 
						original gospels were written in order to enable you to 
						travail in theway, and return to the kingdom while you 
						are still physically alive in the body.  in the article 
						(original 
						gospel) i reveal to the reader how to acquire an 
						original copy of the gospels -- how it must be used as 
						the key of knowledge that has the power to transform the 
						mind and enable you to be anointed by the holy spirit -- 
						and why the church has been inhibiting you from 
						possessing the authentic gospels.  











								 



 
 








wholeness -
										
"they that are 
										whole have no need of jesus the 
										physician..., i came not to call the 
										righteous..." (mark 2:17).







the facts easily prove that modern 
										christianity has virtually nothing in 
										common with the original gospel 
										teachings of jesus and theway.  









the true 
										(unknown) nature and reality of the 
										scriptures   








the miracle 
										of the gospels









										soul-evolution - reincarnation and 
										soul-development









										spiritual dna and the allotment of 
										talents to the invited guests 
										








original 
										design of the gospels 









the original 
										spiritual language 









the essene 
										foundation of judaism and christianity
										








the books with 
										the power to deceive 







the 
										folly of bad beliefs about god








can i get an 
										original pure copy of the gospels 









the 
										gospel enigma that modern christians 
										can't comprehend 









the 
										foundation of the soul and the threefold 
										self 








the 
										gospels embody the principles of 
										anamnesis 








the esoteric 
										feminine mystique 









the folly of 
										original sin: 








spiritual 
										amnesia 








organic man 
										ruled over by his lower animal nature 
										








animals that 
										walk in the form of man 









animal 
										sacrifice and the living temple  









sexual 
										immorality  








the evolving 
										soul  








the 
										holographic mind 









the nazirene 
										vow and the holographic mind 









the removal of 
										the children from the gospels








the paradox of 
										soul-reality 








the religion 
										of roman emperors 









biblical 
										foundation mindset 









the early 
										church on predestination 








 







 



  





 







click
        icon

 

to
        access


my journey into the
        light
 unlike those who came into contact with the being of light
        in a near death experience (nde), i never had an nde, and my search for
        the being of light was part of an inner spiritual quest in search of the
        true depths of my being and consciousness.   therefore, unlike
        those who discovered the being of light by virtue of  an nde, and
        who were totally unprepared for the experience, my own journey was not
        only the culmination of my own personal search, but i was able to spend
        extended periods of time in the presence of the being of light in what i
        call the realm of souls.   in fact, i previously documented my
        journey into the light in an article entitled  
coming
        into the light, which is basically written from a judeo-christian
        perspective.  









consecrated life 
		necessary to enter inner kingdom of light
most believers of the simple faith can't enter the inner kingdom 
		(see gate of eden), because they have not yet transformed their 
		body-vessel into a living temple that is consecrated and set apart for 
		the lord.   and thus, it is impossible for them to know the 
		mysteries of god, and dwell in the kingdom of light while they are still 
		in the body-vessel.        
 









click to access

it is impossible to even begin to understand the mind -- and especially 
		the esoteric realities of mind -- without understanding the pattern of 
		mind known as the tree of life, which the inner core of jesus' disciples 
		understood as portrayed at the left.   further, it is 
		impossible to claim to be a believer or follower of jesus' teachings of 
		theway, and not ardently strive to bring about that condition of 
		manifest laws and wholeness of mind and being where the fruit of the 
		tree of life can be eaten, and the disciple is then able to fulfill the 
		scriptures and enter into what jesus portrayed as life and the kingdom.  
		of the tree of life it is stated: 
		
"...to him that overcometh will i give to 
		eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of god" 
		(rev 2:7 kjv) -- and the present day casual faith and belief that is 
		being championed by the churches, in no manner represents the original 
		teachings of jesus, or the lifestyle and and mindset necessary to 
		overcome the laws and bring about that condition of laws necessary to 
		overcome.








we dwell in plato's 
		cave

plato, 
the greek philosopher, wrote a series of `dialogues' which summarized many of 
the things which he had learned from his teacher, who was the philosopher 
socrates.  one of the most famous of these dialogues is the allegory of the 
cave.   in this allegory, people are chained in a cave so that they can only see 
the shadows which are cast on the walls of the cave by a fire.   
plato likens people of a natural organic mindset who can see only with 
		the earth-bound senses of this world, as prisoners who are chained in a 
		cave, unable to turn their heads to perceive the source of reality.  
		all they can see is the shadows of illusion that have been cast upon the 
		wall of the cave.  












the search for self
        in theway
while
        from the perspective of our soul/higher self who is the being of light
        in a near death experience, it is one thing to know the true being that
        we are, it is quite another thing to seek out and become the true being
        that we are.     










 



the
objective of life is oneness



with
our soul/higher self  



and
ultimately our heavenly father god




 





click icon












what happens when we die:
this is a duplicate of an above entry that i also 
	added to the beginning of the web page, because it is important to 
	understand that the gospels and the vast majority of religions have 
	absolutely nothing to do with what we experience in an after death state or 
	a near death experience (nde).    to the degree that if you 
	consult any one of the world's religions to understand what you will 
	experience in an after death state, you will be gravely misguided.   
	so much so, that it is common for those who experience an nde to abandon 
	their religion.   what they find in the nde seems to prove all 
	religious teachings in error.   there is no judgment seat, heaven 
	or hell, and neither is their any commonality in what they were led to 
	believe they would experience in their respective religions.   
	yet, if they truly understood either the inner meaning of the scriptures, or 
	the objectives of the life they are living, then they would immediately come 
	to understand that they need the scriptures now -- after experiencing an nde 
	-- than at any time prior to the near death experience.   only 
	then, after their eyes have been opened to a higher reality that few people 
	in this world come to understand, can they even begin to use the bible as it 
	was originally intended to be used.   





many christian authorities take the
      position that the being of light (bofl) in a near death experience (nde)
      is the antichrist, or a counterfeit messiah/christ, because the bofl does
      not confirm the manmade doctrines of the 4th century church of
      constantine.  if
      christians are in error, they have squandered away their opportunity of
      life. 








only a percentage of the people who have a
      near death experience come into the presence of the being of
      light.   others find themselves in realms that are appropriate
      to their mindset and lifestyle.   in the account of sarah she
      states:  
"i
      have a great wish, that everyone could experience the wonders i have
      without having to suffer the trauma i did, for it would transform the
      world."  
      
many people who leave this
      world experience greatly extended time in realms such as sarah portrays in
      her nde.   others, experience their own type of hell -- and many
      christians, jews, muslims and people of every religious teaching, often
      are in shock and awe at the type of hell that they become immersed in
      because of the limitations of their beliefs and the failure to seek the
      true spiritual depth of their religious teachings.   many who
      reject the teachings on hell, will find themselves immersed in
      it.   many who think they are going to glory because of their
      belief in a certain person or religious teaching, will find that their
      ideas of glory are merely a different variety of hell.    






regardless of the number
of times that carnal men are warned that god is a spirit, and can only be sought
through man's indwelling spiritual nature (jn 4:24), the great mass of believers
perpetually reject the spirit and and turn to the written word of the scriptures
      in pursuit of the  "letter that killeth".   the scriptures are the key of knowledge that must
be turned within to open the door to the kingdom and enter the true temple.   in a total abandonment of the spiritual essence
and purpose of the teachings of jesus and theway, believers have rejected the
spirit and adopted the way of the very people that jesus portrayed as blind
guides who are making the people the children of hell.   the man known
as the apostle paul warned the first followers of jesus that death comes to those who embrace the 
		 "letter
that killeth" (2 cor 3:6) -- and yet, carnal believers continue to conclude that
these words don't apply to them.    
that the vast majority of mankind is deaf and blind to the
truth and their own higher soul and spiritual reality, is because they are
focused in the wrong direction -- i.e., the things of this world -- and this can
be readily seen in the words of jesus:  
“for this people's heart has become
calloused; they hardly hear with their ears, and they have closed their eyes.
otherwise they might see with their eyes, hear with their ears, understand with
their hearts and turn, and i would heal them.' but blessed are your eyes because
they see, and your ears because they hear. for i tell you the truth, many
prophets and righteous men longed to see what you see but did not see it, and to
hear what you hear but did not hear it” (matt 13:15-17 niv).








it is a natural thing for men
      -- and especially the male variety -- to look at all things in black and
      white.  they reason:  "it either
      exists so it can be proven, easily discerned, or it's a lot of hog
      wash".   they will say: why wouldn't god speak
      plainly to the people?   and traditionally, it has been near
      impossible to convey to people who paul refers to as being of a  
"natural"
      mind (1 cor 2:14), that in order to comprehend the mysteries of god that
      natural man would judge as  "foolishness",
      they will have to develop areas of mind that are currently beyond their
      reach.   and while seekers who succeed in discovering the inner
      meaning of the scriptures attempt to convey to the spiritually blind in
      the churches the great wonders of the spirit and the kingdom within, they
      will be vehemently opposed by men dressed as priests and clergy who speak
      in the authority of either the church or even god, telling the people that
      the true disciples of the lord are heretics and demon possessed.









institutionalized
      ignorance: jesus was a mystic, and he taught his disciples how to
      walk the spiritual path known as theway. paul warned that man in his
      natural state cannot know the truth. the true church is spiritual, and can
      only be entered by spiritual men and women who dedicate and surrender
      their lives to the teachings of jesus. everyone else embraces error --
      institutionalized error -- in church, school and every other aspect of
      life.  






the gnostics -- heretics, or enlightened
      disciples of christ:
 











divine 
	strategery






how 
	god fools mankind - keeping him ignorant of the truth: strategery has 
	become synonymous with when what is portrayed as simple, simpleminded, or 
	even self-evident, is able to dupe and thwart an opposing force that 
	perceives itself to be either superior, or to suppose they know the 
	answers.   divine strategery is how god fools all the religious leaders of 
	this world who think they  
doctrinally 
	know god -- all the would-be teachers and philosophers of this world who 
	think they  know truth -- all 
	the atheists and those who criticize and denounce the existence of god by 
	virtue of their limited perception and understanding -- and all the people 
	in this world who think they understand the purpose of life and the world in 
	which we presently dwell.  as prodigal sons and daughters of our heavenly 
	father, if the people in this life knew the answers, then the learning 
	experience of  god's schoolhouse of 
	this world would not effectively evolve us to become true brothers and 
	sisters of our elder brother yeshua/jesus.  therefore, in order to 
	insure that each of us is immersed in the necessary learning experience that 
	this life offers, all people are equally fooled into thinking they know, in 
	order for them to be manipulated into embracing a higher agenda that is 
	beyond their ability to even imagine.   thus, divine strategery!!! 
		 


 














why do christians reject 
		soul transmigration?
 

the modern church adheres 
		to the doctrine and theology of a circus prostitute and a roman emperor 
		who maintained absolute control over what christians were permitted to 
		believe!!!  while this may sound outrageous to the modern believer -- 
		i.e., ascribing to the doctrines of a circus prostitute who married the 
		emperor -- it is nonetheless true -- and christians continue to embrace 
		this prostitute's doctrines of belief even to this very day.   the new 
		testament was founded upon the reality of the pre-existent soul of man 
		that evolves to perfection over the course of many lifetimes -- and this 
		soul-evolution is the means by which jesus became the son of god.   
		the existence of an uncountable number of sects today, is the direct 
		result of the confusion which was brought about when this foundational 
		concept was removed from both the bible, as well as christian doctrine.  
		moreover, it is impossible for modern christians to mature beyond only a 
		very elementary and superficial understanding of the gospel and 
		teachings of yeshua, so long as this primary foundational concept is 
		missing from their understanding.   




       

       



 

 













 





		 






 
 





a soul 
		perspective

click to access


it was said of the church father 
		origen by st. gregory of nyssa that he was  

“the prince of christian learning in the third 
		century” -- and the encyclopedia britannica calls him 
		 
“…the most prominent of all the church fathers”.  
		but how did he become the man that st. jerome considered to be
		
“the greatest teacher of the church after the 
		apostles”?   according to the soul who lived as origen, he 
		had previously lived as the disciple and scribe of jacob who people call 
		james, who was the brother of jesus.   and from that life with 
		jacob, he learned to write scriptures in hebrew characters, and he 
		worked on the original source scriptures which has since come to be 
		called the new testament scriptures of the bible.   on his web 
		site, emmanuel pohorecki reveals not only the accounts of the many 
		lifetimes that he has lived, but also his own journey into the presence 
		of his soul-self -- i.e., his true self who is the being of light.   
		and once again emmanuel has demonstrated that you don't need to 
		physically die to communicate with, and enter into the presence of your 
		soul-self who is the being of light in the near death experience.   
		and in his soon to be completed article on the journey of the soul and 
		visions from his higher self, he will write about what his soul-self has 
		taught him while in the realm of souls.   emmanuel provides 
		other important insights in man's higher reality with his account of his 
		life with fr. francis, as a native american, and as one of the 
		constitutional founding fathers of the united states.


 









click to access
visit the exhaustive near death experience and the afterlife web 
		site by kevin williams, and research the vast storehouse of factual 
		information available.   it is important to understand 
		that we are presently dwelling in god's school house where the prodigal 
		sons and daughters evolve over the course of many lifetimes to a 
		completed higher state.   


 
 
 




main
websites


 
 












allanbrotherofyeshua.com

click
icon




if
you are in search of spiritual truth

then
join our nazirene disciple of theway discussion group








in the recently discovered
				
				gospel of thomas it is written: (12) the disciples said to 
				jesus, "we know that you will depart 
				from us. who is to be our leader?" jesus said to them, "wherever 
				you are, you are to go to james the righteous, for whose sake 
				heaven and earth came into being."   so to once again 
				restore the teachings of theway which is today known as 
				christianity, the lord has sent jacob/james, the brother of 
				yeshua/jesus, back into the world in order to guide the faithful 
				flock into the truth, the light, and the kingdom within (luke 
				17:20-21).   it is there that my brother yeshua/jesus awaits 
				you.

the above warning with respect to the 
				predicted corruption of yeshua's teachings is further stated in 
				the first century writings known today as the clementine 
				recognitions where it is written: "our 
				lord and prophet, who hath sent us, declared to us that the 
				wicked one, having disputed with him forty days, and having 
				prevailed nothing against him, promised that he would send 
				apostles from amongst his subjects, to deceive.  wherefore, 
				above all, remember to shun apostle or teacher or prophet who 
				does not first accurately compare his preaching with that of 
				james, who was called the brother of my lord, and to whom was 
				entrusted to administer the church of the hebrews in jerusalem, 
				— and that even though he come to you with witnesses: lest the 
				wickedness which disputed forty days with the lord, and 
				prevailed nothing, should afterwards, like lightning falling 
				from heaven upon the earth, send a preacher to your injury, as 
				now he has sent simon upon us, preaching, under pretense of the 
				truth, in the name of the lord, and sowing error. wherefore he 
				who hath sent us, said, ‘many shall come to me in sheep’s 
				clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. by their fruits 
				ye shall know them.’" 


				again it is warned by clement:
"wherefore observe the greatest 
				caution, that you believe no teacher, unless he bring from 
				jerusalem the testimonial of james the lord’s brother, or of 
				whosoever may come after him. for no one, unless he has gone up 
				thither, and there has been approved as a fit and faithful 
				teacher for preaching the word of christ, — unless, i say, he 
				brings a testimonial thence, is by any means to be received. but 
				let neither prophet nor apostle be looked for by you at this 
				time, besides us. for there is one true prophet, whose words we 
				twelve apostles preach"

as predicted, 
				the ministers of satan have succeeded in altering the teachings 
				of my brother yeshua, and continue to lead many into the abyss 
				of darkness.   but have no fear my brothers and sisters, for the 
				teachings of theway has been restored so that you might be able 
				to overcome the darkness, and enter the kingdom of light within 
				you (luke 17:20-21). 






 




						click icon

to 
						access
 





 








							the brother of yeshua/jesus: 
2000 years ago 
							i lived as jacob who many call james, and i was 
							known as the brother of yeshua and the first leader 
							of the new covenant movement of theway which is 
							today known as christianity.  i was sent back into 
							the world to restore the teachings of my brother 
							yeshua to their original spiritual essence, and to 
							guide you in theway that is "narrow" so you 
							will be able to open the "strait gate" within 
							you and enter the kingdom that yeshua declared must 
							be attained through the second birth.
 


 







							the ebionite homepage: 
if you call 
							yourself a christian, jew, messianic believer, 
							evyonim, nazarene or muslim, then it is imperative 
							that you learn of the ebionites who are true 
							spiritual israel -- they are the poor ones to 
							the ways and thinking of this world -- the ebionites 
							were the israelites of the nazirene vow they 
							are/were the genuine disciples of yeshua/jesus who 
							are in the world and not of it! 
 


 





							the nazirene homepage: 
the original 
							spiritual teachings of yeshua/jesus as practiced by 
							the people of the way who where known historically 
							as the essenes, ebionites, and nazirenes. the 
							teachings of the way are spiritual -- and provide a 
							means to open the "strait gate" into the 
							kingdom while still physically alive in the 
							body/vessel.
 


 





the tree of life - 
							divine marriage: 


after eating the 
							forbidden fruit of the tree of duality (aka tree of 
							knowledge of good and evil), the statement was made 
							in the allegorical account of genesis:
							
"the man has now become 
							like one of us, knowing good and evil. he must not 
							be allowed to reach out his hand and take also from 
							the tree of life and eat, and live forever" 
							(gen 3:22-23).  thus, the 
							objective of life is to become nourished by the 
							fruit of the tree of life -- i.e.,
							
"'he who has an ear, let 
							him hear what the spirit says to the churches. to 
							him who overcomes, i will grant to eat of the tree 
							of life which is in the paradise of god'" 
							(rev 2:7).   and respecting the tree of life it is 
							written:
							
"then he showed me a river 
							of the water of life, clear as crystal, coming from 
							the throne of god and of the lamb, in the middle of 
							its street. on either side of the river was the tree 
							of life, bearing twelve kinds of fruit, yielding its 
							fruit every month; and the leaves of the tree were 
							for the healing of the nations" (rev 
							22:1-2).   with the final statement pertaining to 
							the eating of the fruit of the tree of life in order 
							to gain entrance to what is often portrayed as 
							spiritual jerusalem in the words:
							
"blessed are those who wash 
							their robes, so that they may have the right to the 
							tree of life and that they may enter the city by the 
							gates" (rev 22:14).  the problem is 
							seen in the fact that after suppressing the higher 
							spiritual knowledge of jesus and theway, modern 
							seekers have no idea what the tree of life is, or 
							how to be nourished by its fruit. 
							the primary objective of life is to be nourished by 
							the fruit of the sacred tree of life.  but few 
							seekers have any understanding of how this 
							nourishment must be brought about and accomplished. 
							
 


 





the outer darkness and plato's 
							cave of illusions: 


jesus taught 
							that those who fail to put on the wedding garment 
							and come to thecall of the wedding feast, are thrown 
							into what the gospel portrays as the
							"outer darkness" 
							-- which, when rightly understood, parallels that of 
							the analogy of plato's cave of illusions -- and 
							because our modern culture possesses absolutely no 
							understanding of the implications, it can be stated 
							that modern man dwells in abject ignorance and 
							intellectual poverty.   why?   because we fail to 
							understand the great wisdom in the statement in the
							
							gospel of thomas: (5) 
							jesus said, "recognize what is in your sight, and 
							that which is hidden from you will become plain to 
							you..."  and in our failure to understand 
							the nature and reality of what we see, we remain 
							drowning in a sea of confusion.  
 


 







the master index:  the 
							index of nazirene ebionite web sites and the 
							original teachings of theway
 


 







the suppressed 
							teachings on children:

"and 
							calling to him a child, he put him in the midst of 
							them, and said, truly, 
							i say to you, unless you turn and become like 
							children, you will 
							never enter the kingdom of heaven"

(mat 18: 2-3). 
							because the important 
							teachings on children were removed from the gospels, 
							it remains virtually impossible for the modern 
							believer to gain entrance into the inner kingdom. 
							
							jesus pays particular attention and importance to 
							children who are often referred to as the 
"little ones".  unless 
							christians "turn 
							about", and become 
							as a little child, they cannot enter into the 
							kingdom of heaven (mt 18:3; 19:14).   but this 
							provokes the question: what does it mean to 
"turn about", 
							and become as a child?   virtually no modern 
							christian would be able to answer this question 
							today.   why?   not only has the gospels been 
							corrupted, but the suppression of the teachings on 
							the children can be proven by any christian, using 
							any version of the scriptures. if it is true that 
							the teachings on the children were corrupted and 
							suppressed, then how many other important teachings 
							also suppressed?   will the modern christian be held 
							accountable for the teachings in the gospels which 
							were altered from their original context -- and even 
							removed -- in order to make the scriptures support 
							the man-made dogma of pagan rome?   and if this is 
							true -- that the gospels were corrupted by the later 
							church in order to make them support the man-made 
							dogma of the church -- will the modern christian be 
							held accountable for the requirement set forth by 
							jesus in the original teachings?
 


 





original gospel 
							sacraments: the sacraments that are practiced 
							and observed in the christian churches today have 
							very little in common with the original sacraments 
							instituted by jesus.   without putting on the 
							required wedding garment, and being nourished by the 
							eucharist of the divine manna that can only be 
							imparted to the seeker/disciple by and in the direct 
							spiritual presence of the son of god while in the 
							kingdom, the believer will continue to dwell in what 
							jesus portrayed as the far country and outer 
							darkness of mind and being -- unable to comprehend 
							the higher mysteries of the kingdom -- and unable to 
							attain the subsequent stage of birth that enables 
							the seeker/disciple to gain entrance into the 
							kingdom, and inherit the promise of entering into 
							life. 
 


 







							the gospel 
							teachings of jesus which were originally known as 
							the teachings of theway (the way), have within 
							itself all levels from entry-level to a high and 
							mature expression of spirituality.   and while the 
							entry-level is based upon faith and belief, the 
							higher levels of spiritual maturity embody a 
							wholistic mindset and lifestyle necessary to 
							transform the body-mind into a living temple that 
							enables the spiritual christian to fully embrace the 
							pattern of the christ, by symbolically picking up 
							their own cross and travailing in theway in 
							imitation of the man jesus.   thus, while the 
							entry-level christian has few requirements other 
							than faith and belief, the more advanced spiritual 
							christian has many requirements that enables him/her 
							to fulfill the adage to be in the world and not of 
							it.   the original teachings of jesus and 
							theway was a system of spiritual advancement that 
							brought about wholeness.   
 


 





know thyself: 
							jesus declared in the gospel of thomas: 


							"...but if you will not know yourselves, you dwell 
							in poverty and it is you who are that poverty".  
							it is for this 
							reason that the second-century church father clement 
							of alexandria said that it is 
“…the 
							greatest of all lessons to know one's self.  for if 
							one knows himself, he will know god; and knowing 
							god, he will be made like god… and that man becomes 
							god, since god so wills”.  
when god, in the 
							words of st. nazianzen, no longer is an
“object 
							of wonder”, 
							but rather an

							“object of desire”
-- 
							and we, desiring to be purified from the defilements 
							of this world, make ourselves fit vessels for the 
							lord to indwell, the spirit, according to st. 
							nazianzen, reveals to us our true nature, and the 
							revelation of this manifest sacred knowledge makes

							“us like god; so that when we have thus become like 
							himself, god may, to use a bold expression, hold 
							converse with us as gods, being united to us, and 
							that perhaps to the same extent as he already knows 
							those who are known to him”.  
							st. nazianzen then writes that

							“the divine nature then is boundless and hard to 
							understand”
by 
							those who are yet carnal and think as natural beings 
							of this world.   
 


 







the ten words:  that 
							restores the teachings of jesus and theway to their 
							original spiritual environment.  a massive article 
							covering every aspect of the religions of judaism, 
							christianity and islam.   


 


 





an inconvenient 
							truth: one of the most important articles 
							that have been written and exist in our present time 
							-- in spite of those who attempt to censor and 
							inhibit the modern seeker from having access to the 
							truth and theway.   written by an original author of 
							the gospels, this article reveals what modern 
							authorities will at any cost, censor and suppress.   
							why?   because as counterfeit shepherds, they are 
							carnal and totally earth-bound in their thinking.   
							being carnal and spiritually disenfranchised, they 
							don't at all understand -- or possess the knowledge 
							of -- the great spiritual truths revealed in this 
							article. 
 


 






reincarnation, the 
							key to christianity: 
							the only eyewitness 
							account written by an elder in the original ebionite 
							community portraying the death of christianity -- 
							the religion of jesus and the original teachings of 
							theway.   because the emperor of rome hunted down 
							and murdered the original spiritual christians and 
							all those who opposed the corruption of the 
							teachings of jesus and theway, the christian world 
							itself has been cast into a spiritual diaspora from 
							which it has yet to emerge. 


 


 



the
							

real

islam


the real islam: 
							there are many who promote the need for a 
							reformation in islam -- but the term reformation is 
							not at all the problem.   when rightly understood, 
							what is needed is a restoral by way of rebirth of 
							the original teachings of islam.   and in this we 
							can see the problem in that, in order to bring about 
							a restoral and rebirth, there must be a number of 
							true spiritual muslims working together to bring 
							this restoration about.   therefore, the only 
							solution to what can be portrayed as radical islam, 
							is other muslims who are willing to seek the truth 
							and restore the religion of islam to its original 
							purpose and objectives by leading others into what 
							can be rightly portrayed as spiritual mecca.   thus, 
							the qur'an states: "glory 
							to (allah) who did take his servant for a journey by 
							night from the sacred mosque to the farthest mosque 
							(masjid al-aqsa), whose precincts we did bless, in 
							order that we might show him some of our signs: for 
							he is the one who heareth and seeth (all things)" 
							(s. 17:1).  but because the carnal muslims fail to 
							understand that what is presented is a spiritual 
							journey within -- i.e., the true jihad -- and the 
							farthest or distant mosque can only be entered via 
							the journey to spiritual mecca -- an inward 
							spiritual journey to the core of the believers own 
							mind and being -- then the whole of islam will 
							remain carnal and spiritually defiled until a body 
							of genuine muslims arise within islam itself.   
							further, because it is within the ability of all 
							genuine muslims to acquire the truth of all truths 
							-- learning directly from the true prophet -- all 
							those who enlist under the banner of islam are 
							responsible for the evil committed in the name of 
							allah.  
 


 





the church of the 
							antichrist: the apostle paul predicted that 
							the church which portrays itself as christian, will 
							install the anti-christ as the leader of the church, 
							and the christian world will worship satan in place 
							of god.   while the christian world dwells under the 
							deceptive belief that they freed themselves from the 
							paganism of rome in the reformation, the leaders of 
							the reformation did not at all understand the 
							reality of a purely spiritual religion where the 
							objective was to be be in the world and not of it -- 
							using the scriptures as the key of knowledge to gain 
							entrance into the kingdom while still in the 
							body-vessel -- in many respects the reactionary 
							dogma contrived by martin luther and the other 
							leaders of the reformation had the effect of further 
							imprisoning the church in the abyss of abject carnal 
							ignorance.  
 


 









the bible itself openly rejects and 
							condemns the tenets of belief promoted by the 
							church.   what is demonstrated is the fact that the 
							vast majority of christians neither understand the 
							bible -- and those who do read it, do so through the 
							filter of their dogma and beliefs.   re are 10 
							words that 
							were altered from their original context in the new 
							testament that have the power to re-establish the 
							essence of the teachings of yeshua which was known 
							as theway.   these 10 
							words demonstrate 
							conclusively that the text of the new testament has 
							been altered and corrupted in order to make it 
							support the doctrines of the pagan roman/greek 
							world.   these 10 
							words further 
							demonstrate that the essence of the teachings of 
							yeshua has little in common with the christian 
							religion today.   in fact, these 10 
							wordsare to christianity what the 10 
							commandments were 
							to judaism -- i.e., the foundation from which every 
							other aspect of the religion springs forth! these 10 
							words prove 
							the ebionites correct, and modern christianity which 
							is founded upon 4th century roman doctrines to be in 
							error.  these 10 
							words prove 
							that without a return to the essence of yeshua's 
							original teachings, modern christians 
							are neither saved, nor do they have the salvation 
							they erroneously believe they do. 
 


 








the consecrated life is 
							the path that leads to wholeness -- and this 
							wholeness can only be brought about when the 
							teachings of yeshua/jesus and theway becomes a 
							mindset and lifestyle that develops the person and 
							brings them to completion.   in the parable of the 
							prodigal son, the experiences in what is portrayed 
							as the far country develops the son -- enables him 
							to prevail and to rule over himself -- and it is 
							this state of completion within himself that permits 
							him to return to the edenic kingdom of the father.   
							each and every person is presently evolving to this 
							state of completion and wholeness in the omega of 
							perfection, that will permit them to return to their 
							true source of being.
 


 








							the key of knowledge: when jesus condemned 
							the leaders of the jews as blind guides, it was 
							because they threw away the key of knowledge.   in 
							the fourth century of our common era, the church of 
							rome in like manner threw away the key of knowledge 
							-- causing the christian world to become lost and 
							wandering in what jesus portrayed as the "outer 
							darkness" of 
							mind and being.   

 


 






the light of 
							yeshua -- the messianic nazirene disciple of theway:
							while many teach that 
							believers are saved by faith, the journey of the 
							disciple of yeshua is one of absolute dedication to 
							the way. the disciple who becomes a brother to 
							yeshua must live as he lived, and become a nazirene 
							who is consecrated and wholly set apart as they walk 
							the narrow way, enter into the kingdom through the 
							strait gate, and learn directly from the l-rd -- the 
							one rabbi and teacher of the mysteries of g-d.
 


 







divine strategery: 
							how god fools mankind - keeping him ignorant of the 
							truth: strategery has become synonymous with 
							when what is portrayed as simple, simpleminded, or 
							even self-evident, is able to dupe and thwart an 
							opposing force that perceives itself to be either 
							superior, or to suppose they know the answers.   
							divine strategery is how god fools all the religious 
							leaders of this world who think they 
doctrinally 
							know god -- all the would-be teachers and 
							philosophers of this world who think they 
know truth 
							-- all the atheists and those who criticize and 
							denounce the existence of god by virtue of their 
							limited perception and understanding -- and all the 
							people in this world who think they understand the 
							purpose of life and the world in which we presently 
							dwell.  as prodigal sons and daughters of our 
							heavenly father, if the people in this life knew the 
							answers, then the learning experience of
							god's schoolhouse 
							of this world would not effectively evolve us to 
							become true brothers and sisters of our elder 
							brother yeshua/jesus.  therefore, in order to insure 
							that each of us is immersed in the necessary 
							learning experience that this life offers, all 
							people are equally fooled into thinking they know, 
							in order for them to be manipulated into embracing a 
							higher agenda that is beyond their ability to even 
							imagine.   thus, divine strategery!!! 

							 
 


 







reincarnation - the 
							key to christianity and the the pre-existent soul of 
							mankind: jesus taught the reality of the 
							pre-existent soul that evolves to perfection over 
							the course of many lifetimes. the church adheres to 
							the doctrine and theology of a circus prostitute and 
							a roman emperor who maintained absolute control over 
							what christians were permitted to believe! 
							christians continue to cling to the theology of this 
							circus prostitute today - rejecting the teachings of 
							jesus, while adhering to the doctrines of pagan 
							rome. the mass confusion of an uncountable number of 
							sects today, is the direct result of the void which 
							was brought about when this foundational concept was 
							removed from both the bible, as well as christian 
							doctrine. the doctrinal quagmire which was brought 
							about with the removal of this foundational 
							teaching, obstructs christians growth and maturity 
							beyond the entry-level simple faith. because they 
							adhere to the corrupted doctrines of men, modern 
							christians can't inherit the biblical promise of 
							entering the kingdom and life. 
 


 










it was said of the church 
							father origen by st. gregory of nyssa that he was
							“the prince of 
							christian learning in the third century”
							-- and the encyclopedia britannica calls him 
“…the most prominent of all 
							the church fathers”.  but how did he 
							become the man that st. jerome considered to be
							“the greatest teacher of 
							the church after the apostles”?   
							according to the soul who lived as origen, he had 
							previously lived as the disciple and scribe of jacob 
							who people call james, who was the brother of 
							jesus.   and from that life with jacob, he learned 
							to write scriptures in hebrew characters, and he 
							worked on the original source scriptures which has 
							since come to be called the new testament scriptures 
							of the bible.   on his web site, emmanuel pohorecki 
							reveals not only the accounts of the many lifetimes 
							that he has lived, but also his own journey into the 
							presence of his soul-self -- i.e., his true self who 
							is the being of light.   and once again emmanuel has 
							demonstrated that you don't need to physically die 
							to communicate with, and enter into the presence of 
							your soul-self who is the being of light in the near 
							death experience.   and in his soon to be completed 
							article on the journey of the soul and visions from 
							his higher self, he will write about what his 
							soul-self has taught him while in the realm of 
							souls.   emmanuel provides other important insights 
							in man's higher reality with his account of his life 
							with fr. francis, as a native american, and as one 
							of the constitutional founding fathers of the united 
							states. 

 


 






the long island 
							mystic and nazirene disciple of theway:
the 
							organizational homepage of the nazirene -- the long 
							island mystic, evangelical minister, and prophet of 
							theway -- who god bestowed upon him the gift of the 
							recall of his previous life as a disciple and 
							brother of messiah/christ -- and thus has re-entered 
							this world at the present time in order to restore 
							the spiritual essence and teachings of his master, 
							yeshua/jesus. the kingdom is within! and we must 
							sojourn the narrow path of theway, enter the 
							"strait gate" to the inner spiritual temple, 
							while still alive in the physical body.  thus, 
							modern christians have misunderstood the words of 
							yeshua -- he never said that we must physically die 
							to enter the edenic kingdom of origination -- but 
							rather, we must die to the culture, mindset and ways 
							of this world in order to enter the kingdom! 
 


 






being of light: 
							who are we?  what are we? from where have we come?  
							what is our destiny?  to the demise of those who 
							read these words, only a handful of people today can 
							answer these all-important crucial questions 
							correctly! the rest dwell under the cloud of 
							unknowing -- and if you think you are the person 
							whose reflection you see in the mirror, then you are 
							a stranger to your true self and have made yourself 
							part of the illusion of this world. with great 
							wisdom yeshua/jesus is quoted in the books of the 
							savior, also known as pistis sophia (faith-wisdom):
"do not cease seeking day or 
							night, and do not let yourselves relax until you 
							have found all the mysteries of the kingdom of 
							light, which will purify you and make you into pure 
							light and lead you into the kingdom of light."
 


 






gospel of the 
							nazirenes -- gospel of light: what did 
							the gospels look like before being edited and 
							re-written by the church of rome? what were the 
							original beliefs of the first followers of yeshua? 
							you will be astonished when you read a surviving 
							text of the gospel of the nazirenes which was hidden 
							away from the corrupters of the roman church. are 
							you ready for a truly enlightening experience?
 


 








the orthodox 
							corruption of the scriptures: was 
							the bible rewritten? prof. nestle writes: "learned 
							men, so called correctores were, following the 
							church meeting at nicea 325 ad, selected by the 
							church authorities to scrutinize the sacred texts 
							and rewrite them in order to correct their meaning 
							in accordance with the views which the church had 
							just sanctioned." to 
							ignore the facts is to alienate oneself from the 
							living word of god
 


 





what happened to zackarias? 
							because the mainstream of christians can't even 
							begin to answer the question as to what happened to 
							zackarias?  it remains impossible for them to 
							understand the true reality of the scriptures -- or 
							why the religion of the pre-nicene church fathers 
							was very different than the dogma preached from the 
							pulpits today.   and while the missing account of 
							zackarias can be easily proven today, the fact that 
							the modern christians ignores the facts and the 
							truth has had the effect of disenfranchising them 
							from the kingdom they have been commanded to seek 
							out. 
 


 






things christians 
							never tell jews about the new testament: many 
							jews have been misinformed when they have been 
							warned by christians that if they don't believe and 
							come to jesus, they will not inherit salvation and 
							eternal life. part of this is an error of ignorance 
							-- i.e., because their christian forefathers were 
							adulterous, and defiled their own covenant with the 
							lord in the manner of the jews when they worshiped 
							other gods, they have yet to recover from their 
							spiritual temple being plundered and ravished by the 
							unclean and dark forces of this world. they 
							therefore have lost their own way, and no longer can 
							come into the presence of the lord.
							the facts: both 
							christians and the jews they have persecuted, 
							condemned, and even murdered over the past two 
							thousand years will be shocked by what they will 
							read herein! what they will learn is a fact that has 
							long confused many sincere students of the new 
							testament scriptures -- scriptures which are very 
							jewish in origin -- and because of their very 
							mystical jewish essence, has long confounded the 
							non-jews who have championed the gospel message. to 
							their own undoing, most christians ignore their own 
							theologians and biblical scholars who have attempted 
							to warn them that the scriptures are paradoxical -- 
							i.e., that in all theological positions there exists 
							two lines of seemingly opposite and conflicting 
							truths presented to the reader -- and those who 
							accept one truth while ignoring the other, will 
							themselves fall into heresy by falling into grave 
							sectarian error with respect to the true meaning of 
							the gospel message. thus, those who maintain that 
							there is no salvation apart from belief in the 
							historical jesus in the manner of modern christian 
							doctrine, have themselves fallen into the trap of 
							heresy that the very first followers of jesus warned 
							believers not to fall into! and while it is true 
							that these sectarian vicars of the church can prove 
							their position by using the scriptures, it is 
							further true that their own scriptures also contain 
							another line of truth that presents an entirely 
							different picture than what the church has portrayed 
							to the world -- a picture where the opposite is also 
							true. 
 


 





the sower and the 
							seed: unless you become the "good ground" in 
							the parable of the sower and the seed, it will 
							remain impossible for you to comprehend the true 
							spiritual meaning of the gospel and the higher 
							reality of the soul and the kingdom of god. 

 


 





the secret doctrine 
							of christianity: in the approximate year of 
							178 of our common era, celsus, the epicurean 
							philosopher and opponent of christianity published a 
							rather embarrassing work in opposition to 
							christianity known as the true word or discourse. it 
							is said that this work was widely published and used 
							by the pagan world as an attack on the church. in 
							examination of this document, the modern christian 
							must initially ask: who today would accuse the 
							christian church of being a 
“secret system”? no one -- because the 
							church today has lost its spiritual essence -- and 
							is a mere shadow of its former self over the first 
							three centuries of its existence. therefore, it is 
							important for us to recognize that such an 
							allegation would be unheard of in our present time.
 


 





the enigma of the 
							shepherd of hermas: even though it is said of 
							the shepherd of hermas that it was
							"...the most popular books, 
							if not the most popular book, in the christian 
							church during the second, third, and fourth 
							centuries...", it remains unknown to the 
							modern church. why? why was the book that is 
							representative of the core gospel of the earliest 
							church, no longer is use today? because while hermas 
							reflected the original teachings of jesus and theway, 
							it would be deemed heresy by the modern church. and 
							when rightly understood, the fact of the matter is 
							that it is impossible for the modern believer, 
							critic, biblical expert or scholar to in any manner 
							understand the message that hermas bears. which 
							means that if the shepherd of hermas was indeed the 
							most popular scripture in the gentile church over 
							the first three centuries, then it can rightly be 
							stated that the modern church has virtually nothing 
							in common with the pre-nicene gentile church. 

 


 





divine manna: 
							"to him who overcomes will 
							i give to eat of the hidden manna" (rev 
							2:8-17).  "my people are destroyed for lack of 
							knowledge because you have rejected knowledge, i 
							reject you..." (hosea 4:6).   "blessed are 
							those who do his commandments, that they may have 
							the right to the tree of life, and may enter through 
							the gates into the city. but outside are dogs and 
							sorcerers and sexually immoral and murderers and 
							idolaters, and whoever loves and practices a lie" 
							(rev 22:14).  "therefore, he who rejects this 
							instruction does not reject man but god, who gives 
							you his holy spirit" (1 thes 4:8 niv)
 


 





gospel of thomas: 
							these are the secret sayings which the living 
							jesus spoke and which didymos judas thomas wrote 
							down.  and he said, "whoever finds the 
							interpretation of these sayings will not experience 
							death."  jesus said, "let him who seeks continue 
							seeking until he finds. when he finds, he will 
							become troubled. when he becomes troubled, he will 
							be astonished, and he will rule over the all." 

 


 






the gate of eden: 
							why were the nazirene/ebionites vegetarian?  why did 
							they live in accordance with the precepts of the 
							torah/law?  why did they live separate and apart 
							from both jews and christians?  the answer is very 
							simple: the gate of eden is within us, and if we 
							fail to enter therein while we are still physically 
							alive in the body, we will have failed in our 
							opportunity to enter into life.  and while it can be 
							countered that we are saved by our belief in 
							messiah/christ, faith, or the blood of the lamb, the 
							truth is that if we were truly faithful disciples of 
							theway, that we would experience the opening of the 
							inner door and the kingdom coming within us.  the 
							gateofeden article explores all aspects of the need 
							to pick up one's own cross and follow the narrow 
							path that leads to the inner gate to the edenic 
							kingdom of origination.
 


 








							what was the mysteries of the gospel that jesus 
							revealed only to the inner core of disciples?  
							

							while teaching the multitude of the people only in 
							parables?    "and 
							the disciples came and said to him, why do you speak 
							to them in parables? he answered and said to them, 
							because it has been given to you to know the 
							mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it 
							has not been given" (matt 
							13:10-11 nkj).   as someone who was there, at the 
							time, what is presented in this article is not only 
							far beyond the understanding of any book that you 
							could read, or teacher you could seek out.   what is 
							presented in this article will force you to 
							re-evaluate everything that you thought you knew 
							about both yourself, and the very purpose of life as 
							you think you understand it.   and even more 
							revealing than the three major lies of judaism, 
							christianity and islam that inhibits the people from 
							understanding the foundational essence of all three 
							religions, is an examination of both the lies and 
							profound truths of the emerging scientific world 
							which is for the most part ignored by our cultural 
							icons, because the findings of modern quantum 
							physics confirms the visionary truths of the mystics 
							which the religious and intellectual worlds have 
							long censored from the common understanding. 
 


 






epistle of light - 
							epistle of james to pope john paul ii: 
2000 years ago i 
							lived as jacob the brother of jesus known as james. 
							i was sent back to bring about the restoration of 
							the church, and the within letter to pope john paul 
							is important for you to read and forward. the pope 
							has the power to bring peace on earth if he releases 
							certain early christian documents that are in his 
							possession. jesus is calling out to you to help make 
							the truth known! will you hear the call?
 


 





light of yeshua: 
							the essence of messianic judaism and being 
							spiritually torah observant.  many messianic jews 
							attempt to embrace traditional christian doctrine 
							with a jewish facade in an attempt to convert other 
							jews to a quasi-form of jewish-christianity with a 
							pagan foundation. in view of the fact that the 
							original followers of yeshua are historically 
							described as “…rejected from one religion as 
							apostates, and from the other as heretics” (gibbon: 
							decline & fall of the roman empire, v.1, p.416), 
							this conversion to jewish-christianity would be a 
							grave error. 
 


 




the cross and the 
							seat belt: 


the only mean by which 
							mankind can move beyond his present limitations and 
							struggles with the unknown, is to gain access to the 
							source of what he observes and interacts with in the 
							world which is in what the mystic and scientist 
							affirm as being the (etheric) field that surrounds 
							all matter that we observe with our physical 
							senses.   but to accomplish this, man must develop 
							ways to effectively use his suppressed intuitive 
							spheres of mind.   which means that to even begin to 
							tap into the unseen source, we must move beyond our 
							traditional behaviors, mindset and perception of 
							reality, and begin to embrace untraditional ways 
							that permit the development and use of our 
							suppressed intuitive facilities of mind.   if what 
							man presently portrays as accidents, can indeed be 
							perceived prior to the event taking place -- and 
							thus, be avoided -- then we will have eliminated the 
							massive suffering and even death that is the result 
							of these episodes of human existence.   and 
							therefore, if the witness of both the mystic and the 
							emerging scientific evidence is true -- and reality 
							must he sought in the unseen (etheric) field as the 
							source of all events that transpire -- then it 
							becomes imperative for man to begin to develop and 
							evolve those intuitive spheres of mind that has been 
							abandoned and left atrophied by the linear-only 
							elements of our modern culture.
 


 








							how did jesus become the son of god? it 
							is a widely accepted doctrine among christians today 
							that the disciples and ebionite nazirene followers 
							did not comprehend the true nature of jesus, because 
							they did not proclaim that he was god -- as did the 
							later gentile converts.   yet, just the opposite is 
							true -- i.e., the vast majority of romans and greeks 
							were too pagan and heathen in their thinking and 
							mindset, to understand the higher spiritual concepts 
							that jesus and his disciples revealed to mankind.   
							even today the problem remains with respect to our 
							inability to understand why jesus was different than 
							we are. because christians cling to the doctrines of 
							rome, they are unable to answer many important 
							foundational questions that would permit their 
							thinking to evolve beyond what paul portrayed as the 
							entry-level doctrines of the simple faith that are 
							elementary in their understanding. and while paul 
							warns that the "natural" (organic) mind of man is 
							incapable of understanding the higher reality of the 
							soul and the inner kingdom  -- warning that 
							committed and baptized believers will reject the 
							mysteries of god as utter "foolishness" -- yet, the 
							modern church to their own destruction continues to 
							ignore this all-important warning. what enabled 
							jesus to perform miracles? what enabled him to be 
							able to communicate with the father? surely, we 
							conclude, he could not have been a normal man. 
							therefore, we arrive at the only possible answer 
							from our very limited perspective and conclude that 
							the jewish disciples and earliest followers of jesus 
							must have been wrong, and he had to have been god to 
							know all that he knew, and be able to do all that he 
							did. thus, the flaw in the thinking of the church is 
							in their inability to envision and comprehend the 
							manner in which mankind grows and evolves to a state 
							of spiritual maturity -- how man, the prodigal son, 
							who was created in the image and likeness of god, 
							his heavenly father, begins to take on all the 
							attributes of his creator and parent. in not 
							understanding the process by which each of us 
							embraces our eventual destiny, we worship instead of 
							imitating the pattern that yeshua/jesus provided for 
							all the prodigal sons and daughters of the most high 
							to follow.
 


 







lilith - the demonic 
							reality of feminism: in 
							the divine pattern of creation man and woman are not 
							only equal, but the mental/spiritual level of one 
							polarity directly affects and limits the other.  the 
							spiritual ignorance of many religious groups today 
							is directly in proportion to the failure of men and 
							women to interact and move into a state of spiritual 
							harmony and balance.
 


 





what is the difference between 
							passover and easter?    what is the spiritual 
							meaning of passover?   does it matter which holiday 
							is celebrated? 
 


 





celestial happenings:
							important information on the 
							holy days
 


 





the scribes of light site provides 
							those that are sincere in walking in theway with a 
							forum for sharing their knowledge and experience 
							with those that desire to understand and make 
							manifest in their own life the lifestyle and mindset 
							necessary to draw closer to the inner kingdom and 
							come to receive gnosis, divine knowledge, from the 
							true prophet within.
 



 



 
 

 
 
 
 


 



 

 



 

 

 

 



 

 
 
 












search engine optimization and free submission

 
 

