




canadian dragon fantasy art: artwork by sandra staple
























































home
shop

patreon
books
originals
signed prints
sculpture


gallery

colored pencil
graphite pencil
watercolor
polymer sculpture
photography


social media

facebook
instagram
twitter
pinterest
deviantart


about

about me
updates
copyright
faq
patreon


blog
contact


































sponser me






























what i do




colored pencil artwork
                                i specialize in traditional mediums, and my second book is all drawn in colored pencil. check out my art gallery for original pieces and prints that are available. commission requests are accepted. 
                                
                                


graphite pencil drawings
                                graphite pencil illustrations are also available, and my first book is all draw in graphite pencil. check out my gallery for original pieces and prints that are available. commission requests are accepted. 
                                
                                


watercolor paintings
                                    i paint primarily in two different styles for watercolor- a more traditional, flowing style, and a heavily outlined, art nouveau style. check out my art gallery for original pieces and prints that are available.
                                    
                                    



polymer clay dragons
                                    i also create custom polymer dragon sculptures. dragons are made with sculpey and usually have a wire or foil frame inside, and glass bead eyes. commission requests are accepted. 
                                    
                                    


drawing dragon books                           
                                    i have published two instructional drawing books. "drawing dragons" features tutorials on drawing in graphite pencil, and "drawing fantastic dragons" features a new set of drawing tutorials in colored pencil. 
                                    
                                    


digital photography
                                    i also enjoy outdoor, nature, and garden photography, primarily without the use of a flash. all photos are available for use with the purchase of a licence, please email for enquires, or visit my photo gallery.
                                    
                                    










about my books








drawing dragons
"drawing dragons" was first published in 2008. with a 4.7/5 star rating on amazon, "drawing dragons" has been listed as a #1 bestseller in multiple teen categories for over two years. 166 pages.




drawing fantastic dragons
published in 2018, "drawing fantastic dragons" is a full color, 144 page drawing instructional book, and has been listed on amazon as a #1 new release in teen drawing categories.




a great set together
with one book showing how to create dragon masterpieces in graphite pencil, and the second drawing fully in colored pencil, both books compliment each other and make a great set.




no repeated artwork
each book contains hundreds of drawings and illustrations, with no repeated artwork or tutorials between them. they were made to be able to be used both on their own, and as a set.










become a patron!



looking for something different? check out my patreon page to support and participate in my artistic journey!








customer book reviews








got this for an 11 year old's birthday. my 10 year old who gave it as a gift now wants one. it breaks the drawings down into manageable parts. 
the birthday girl already had a pretty good dragon drawn by the next day using the book's design. it offers multiple claw shapes, wings, heads, and tails, so you can mix and match.                                                                               

                                        elizabeth, amazon.com customer
                                    






this is a great book on drawing dragons. i cannot think of a book that could be more thorough for an introduction to drawing this mythical creature. ms. staple firstly introduces some pencil techniques then breaks the dragon form down into basic components: head views, body parts and then types of dragons from different views. she then shows the dragon in varying genders, ages, and poses. i'm glad i bought it.

                                        cartoonist, amazon.com customer
                                    






a perfect sequel to sandra's last book. expanded on the first by teaching clear steps to add colour to your drawings. a whole entire new set of images to add from the last book, a must have for any dragon enthusiast!

my 8 year old picked it up and was able to follow instructions easily, a great gift for any age!

                                        louis, amazon.ca customer
                                    






i wanted to learn how to draw dragons. the book is jam-packed with techniques and illustrations, and her style allows the reader match her work. granted, i knew something about shading before starting the book, but sandra provides side-by-side examples of sketches before and after shading. this book would inspire any aspiring artist to continue with the craft.

                                        michel massicotte, amazon.ca customer
                                    






many chapters in this book. each one stresses a particular skill that you use on the features (face, claws, wings, etc.) the dragon you're drawing. there a many different types of dragons discussed, fat ones, lean ones, babies, etc. features on technique as in shading. book is 150 pages. mine is in paperback and used, but it is in excellent condition, just like new.

love it. it's going to be a gift for my young budding artist granddaughter she's crazy about dragons. i highly recommend.

                                        neem, amazon.com customer
                                    






this book is wonderful, and if you want to draw dragons, or have a child that loves to, this book wont only teach you how, but its so delightful, all the pencil drawings, all of them, done by hand, so exquistely by sandra staple. it will also teach that doing something by hand can look so far better than a click of a computer mouse. learning and following her directions is easy to follow. she has details for the dragon claws, eyes, hands, scales and more, this book is worth every penny. she is a master at what she has created here in this book. 

                                        amazon.com customer
                                    





for more reviews, visit my amazon author page










                        browse for a unique experience and delve into the world of fantasy! the realm of dragons and fantastic beasts is brought to life through traditional drawings, paintings, and sculpture. original dragon drawings, art, and dragon sculpture by sandra staple. fantasy art featuring fairies, dragons, unicorns, mythical creatures, and other beasts.  
                    


visit galleries

drawing dragon books
colored pencil artwork
graphite pencil illustrations
watercolor painting
polymer sculpture
photography




sandra staple


halifax, nova scotia, canada
commissions currently accepted
patreon:   support me on patreon
etsy:   visit my etsy shop
amazon:   visit my author page
email:   comments@canadiandragon.com









                            © copyright 2024. art and content by sandra staple. all rights reserved.








                                
                                             
                            































