

























william shunn




aboutbooksstoriesblogms formatspelling bee solveraccidental terroristcontact







aboutbooksstoriesblogms formatspelling bee solveraccidental terroristcontact
















            featured video
        

bill made a surprise appearance in michael ian black's standup comedy special noted expert, recorded in november 2015 and first aired in may 2016 on epix.



 
more videos




            latest inhuman swill posts
        







18 august 2021
covid limericks poems politics



this governor is positive

            a limerick on the occasion of texas governor greg abbott’s positive test for the sars-cov-2 virus. 
            read











13 august 2020
programming puzzles spelling bee
3 min read



you can’t spell “preventable” without a bee

            sometimes life (or a diabolical puzzle editor) throws you a curve you know is coming, and it still beans you in the brainpan. bee alert! 
            read











15 april 2020
covid health politics



who's to blame?

            with the president attempting to withhold funding from the world health organization, questions naturally arise as to where responsibility for the rapid spread of the novel coronavirus lies. 
            read






more inhuman swill




            latest proper manuscript format post
        








20 january 2024
basics



a brief manuscript formatting checklist

            if all you need to do is review the basics, our handy formatting checklist is here to help. 
            read






more proper manuscript format




            latest tylogram post
        








22 august 2023
contests
2 min read



announcing the winner of our tylogram summer challenge!

            photo by francis delapena on unsplash we here at tylogram™ central would like to offer hearty congratulations to the winner of our tylogram summer challenge! tylogram is the diabolical semi-weekly sliding word puzzle where you form words from a grid... 
            read






more tylogram








about william shunn

william shunn is the hugo and nebula award–nominated author of over thirty works of short fiction, which have appeared everywhere from asimov's science fiction to salon. his memoir, the accidental terrorist, was published to acclaim in 2015, and was shortlisted for the association for mormon letters award. he also edits the piltdown review.









fiction online


harper’s guitar
last
stand up
care and feeding of your piano
a strong premonition of death struck me this morning
strong medicine
observations from the city of angels
mrs. janokowski hits one out of the park
synchronicity and the single girl
the practical ramifications of interstellar packet loss
from our point of view we had moved to the left




recent blog posts


this governor is positive
you can’t spell “preventable” without a bee
who's to blame?
my story “last” will close out season 2 of the dust podcast
my body math index
hear my new short story tonight at liars' league nyc!
hear me read tonight at write this down in brooklyn!




recent manuscript format posts


a brief manuscript formatting checklist
my 2¢ (two cents?) on spelling out numbers in text
the old rule of thumb for estimating word count is obsolete
the first paragraph of your manuscript should look like any other
to pronoun or not to pronoun: that is the initial question
“proper manuscript format” now comes in two distinct flavors
indenting paragraphs without the tab key




















			copyright © 1995-2025 by william shunn.all rights reserved, except where explicitly specified otherwise.
                        our privacy policy.
			
				write
				to
				feedback
				at
				shunn
				dot
				net
			









