












the troth | inclusive heathenry
















































search





close


skip to content


shop
news
contact
 login
site search










about

our religionour organizationleadershipbylaws & policies
programs







	education & training

clergy programlore programheathen essentials course 




	community & connection

stewardsin-reachinternational relationsdevotional groupsdiversity, equity, & inclusion (dei) committee 




	aid & assistance

heathens in recoveryred hammerinterfaith committeescholarship committee 
 

resources







	subjects

 


search for resourcesfaqsworks cited bibliography 
 




beliefsholidays 


godsrituals 


historyspirits 
 

get involved

declaration 127donateevents
joinmembers



 


inclusive heathenry, ásatrú and norse paganism in everything we do, the troth strives to embody the spirit of reciprocity and service for our inclusive faith traditions. our organization brings together many of those traditions, whether you call them ásatrú, forn sed, heathenry, norse paganism, urglaawe or anglo-saxon heathenry (ash). 






 


  



we welcome people from all backgrounds we invite all who share the values of inclusive heathenry to join us in the worship of the gods and goddesses, our ancestors, and land spirits. we welcome people from all backgrounds who have been called to follow heathenry, asatru or norse paganism. we do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity or gender identity.

 join the troth
 




 


learn & connect at upcoming events 




					february third saturday heathen essentials 2025 12 noon est				
february 15 @ 11:00 am
virtual event








					february fourth monday heathen essentials 2025 6 pm est				
february 24 @ 5:00 pm
virtual event








					march first saturday heathen essentials 2025 12 noon est				
march 1 @ 11:00 am
virtual event








					march second monday heathen essentials 2025 6 pm est				
march 10 @ 5:00 pm
virtual event



 view more events  >






 


guidestar nonprofit: platinum rated transparency 


we recently earned a candid platinum seal of transparency. check out our nonprofit profile to keep up to date with our mission, goals, and initiatives. keep this link handy, we want to make sure you always have the information you need to support our work with trust and confidence.




 








 what is heathenry?  

 heathenry is a term that refers to a set of religions that honor and worship the gods as they were called by the various germanic peoples of what is now modern europe. it is also sometimes called norse paganism, germanic paganism or asatru. the religion once also to be called “odinism” but that’s not a name we commonly use anymore. you’ll recognize names like odin, thor or freyja but many of us also worship gods with names like zisa, donnar or frau holle. we also worship our beloved dead and the good spirits that fill our world.

 



 what or whom do you worship?  

 we worship the gods and the good spirits that share this world with us.

 



 is the troth a church?  

 no. the troth is not a church. we are a 501c3 religious organization. a church has a set doctrine that a single congregation follows, and we represent too diverse a tradition to qualify as having any one strict set of beliefs.

 



 where can i find your holy books?  

 asatru does not have any specific holy books, though some people regard books like the poetic edda or beowulf to be holy texts. you won’t find free copies of those books here, though we do have suggested reading lists and recommended translations. you can find these primary texts in libraries or available online in pdf form. the free resources we present here are original material published by our organization and written by our volunteers.

 


 




 


latest news 




					hurricane helene relief:mother grove goddess temple				


						official announcements					
					|
					october 10, 2024









					tropical storm helene relief for southern and central appalachia from appalachian voices				


						official announcements					
					|
					october 4, 2024









					international overdose awareness day				


						from the president’s desk					
					|
					august 31, 2024









					statement on the sonya massey killing				


						official announcements					
					|
					july 29, 2024




 view more posts
 




 


  



publications & branded gear the troth offers many ways to shop for merchandise, books, t-shirts, publications, and branded items — t-shirts, water bottles, tote bags, sweatshirts, mouse pads, and even yule cards! check out all of the things you can buy.

 shop gear
shop publications
 










325 chestnut street, suite 800
philadelphia, pa 19106







										  		(267) 388-1223									  		






										  		publicrelations@thetroth.org									  		






send a message





the troth on instagram
the troth on tiktok
the troth on facebook
the troth on x
the troth on twitch
the troth on youtube



about

about the troth
about heathenry
declaration 127
leadership
news
events
guidestar nonprofit profile



resources

beliefs
gods
history
holidays
rituals
spirits





join the troth



copyright © 2025 the troth|privacy policy
























