



rhinestones source for wholesale preciosa crystals | rhinestone guy






















 
 
 
 





















need help? call: 
    us 888-594-7999
    us 561-318-6219









new products
product catalog
learning center

free shipping
wholesale
contact us







 









top


rhinestone guy - your rhinestones source for crystals from  preciosaâ® and more...
 











rhinestone guy offers retail and wholesale  rhinestones, crystals and embellishments from swarovski, czech preciosaâ®, and its own private lines, rg studio, bright choice and rg premium. we sell flat back and hotfix stones, flat back and sew on crystal glass jewels, hotfix nailheads, pearls flat back or hot fix, rhinestone trim, rhinestone chain, and more at competitive prices, same day shipping, and unmatched customer service. 
when it comes to rhinestones, we've got you covered.  you can browse our product catalog and call to order. or, you can shop online. whatever you prefer. welcome to rhinestone guy where rhinestones and crystals are our specialty. 
 




explore by brand




shop preciosaâ® crysta brandrhinestones, sew on stones, rhinestone trim, chain, nail art-click here





shop rhinestone guy brandcrystals, rhinestones, sew on stones, pearls, nailheads-click here






shop discontinued brandsdiscontinued products & clearance items-click here





rg resources and reference tools




rhinestones and jewels size reference charts-click here





rhinestones and jewels size reference charts-click here






rhinestone calculator how many stones you need-click here






rhinestone guy learning center-click here






preciosa
      rhinestones color chart-click here





swarovski to preciosa
      cross over colors-click here






bright choice
     rhinestones color chart-click here






rg premium
      rhinestones color chart-click here





 



rhinestones are machine made crystal stones crafted to resemble jewels and diamonds. the better quality stones are cut by machines creating consistent facets and sparkle. they are available in various sizes and shapes. rhinestone guy offers retail and wholesale options and crystals for every budget and project. we carry five brands of rhinestones and crystal stones, lead by preciosaâ® crystal. we are proud to be preciosa platinum authorized partner. so you can shop with confidence. we love talking to our customers and helping them with their  projects. if you have questions  call and ask, e-mail an image, or mail us a swatch. we  go to extra lengths to find the unique items you are looking for and assist you.  information is free.  our staff is extremely knowledgeable and ready to help you.  




new to rhinestones?


visit our learning center where you will find information about rhinestones, methods of applications, and more. it is a great place to start. need to match specific colors? consider our in house made sample cards. our sample cards are laminated. they feature actual rhinestones, colors and sizes. our swarovski and czech preciosa  chart has additional crystal shapes and jewels. our rg premium card features both the rg premium line, hot fix nailheads and pearls and rg studio stones. take advantage of the bundle discount. it is an invaluable tool for any professional.

rhinestone guy is where the experts are.

we carry a full line of:


                preciosaâ® crystal --maxima flat back rhinestones,  maxima point back chatons, sew-on and  glue-on jewels 

                czech preciosa viva 12-  machine cut flat back and hot fix rhinestones
rg studio, made in austria, flat backs
bright choice, best stones for the money in flat backs

                wholesale rg premium hot-fix rhinestones and rg premium sew on jewels and flatback shapes.
              
korean hotfix stones, hot fix nailheads, rhinestuds, spots, faceted convex nailheads line, radiance hot fix metallic jewels

                czech preciosa, shapes,  sew-on and flat back large jewels
              

                nail art crystal supplies: swarovski shapes, luxury shapes, crystal pixie

                rhinestone trim:  banding, mesh-mount banding, rim-set banding by the yard

                cabochons, glass cabochons, glass turquoise cabochons

                acrylic pearls and turquoise cabochons in a variety of shapes

hot fix pearls,turquoise

                metal settings -  tiffany and/or rim settings in silver,  gold and black. 

                application supplies and tools: gem tac glue, applicator sticks, gem c.a.t, rg rhinestone applicator













company/site information

about us
site map
ca prop 95, policies & disclaimers



customer service

faq's
order processing
shipping information
return policy
contact us


 
 







(888) 594-7999 or (561) 318-6219 |contact rhinestone guy| privacy policy| home




 © 1998, rhinestone guy llc all rights reserved
 

 

