


sonoma county real estate detective
































call kerrin at (707) 287-4444





















meet kerrin shettle
an experienced real estate agent like no other!
















i find homes... let me be your real estate detective.
for me, it is all about quality - not quantity. in order to give you the best possible edge, i work with only a few clients at a time. my devotion is to provide customized service to each client so the outcome of my efforts to locate, purchase and/or sell a property will always exceed client expectations. this is, and always will be, the cornerstone of my client referral based business. when i'm not selling real estate, i lend a hand to all animals who come past my door. the problems of the world are large, but they diminish in size with every act of kindness we bestow.


navigate re
140 2nd street, suite #108petaluma, ca 94952
(707) 287-4444
kerrin@therealestatedetective.com
dre# 01189730navigate re dre# 02221115












































the real estate market









































































what i stand for














vision
my vision is to do everything humanly possible to make the dreams of my clients become the reality of their tomorrows.










mission
my mission is to live by the golden rule. whether in a professional sense through the service i provide, or through the charitable organizations which i support, i believe you give before you receive.i am here for those who appreciate a one-on-one approach, providing time, loyalty and dedication. i have a moral compass and it is intact.









action
i. find. homes. and i. sell. homes. that really says it all. i specialize in helping buyers find the homes or real estate opportunities that are right for them throughout the north bay, covering all of marin and sonoma counties.it's my passion to help you find what you are looking for or make the transition you need to make so that you have the time and space to work on your passions.















kerrin shettle - dre# 01189730navigate re agent dre# 02221115









all offices are independently owned and operated.
"our good friend kerrin shettle, aka auntie kerrin, worked with my wife janell & i for two years to find and finance a piece of rural property that met our needs. numerous offers were made & documents exchanged by the fistful.
when we finally had a successful bid, she worked with our lender to successfully finance our ca property & refinance our existing home.when we decided to sell years later, she was once again successfully attending to every detail. the time in between she was our friend & a frequent visitor to our ranch in santa rosa. a fellow animal lover, with a work ethic like our own & just a bundle of energy for whatever project was at hand be it business or pleasure."~ don munsch (u.s. army retired)











© 2025 | the real estate detective | all rights reserved | serving the north bay






webmasteropens a new window























