




the warbird's forum

















the warbird's forum
from the blog: the art of the ukraine deal
february 14: in any negotiation, we start by asking for more than we hope to gain. donald trump knows this, better than most people, so when it comes to the panama canal, he demands american control of it, but probably would settle for getting the chinese out of there. but when it comes to ukraine, he's following biden's example in kabul: run for the hills!

already he has agreed that ukraine won't recover its 2014 borders, nor will the country join nato. but that's putin's position, and the bargaining hasn't even started! the fuckwit in the kremlin will no doubt demand that in return for doing us the favor of taking 20 percent of ukraine's territory off our hands, we will de-mine and rebuild the cities he has obliterated in the past three years. do you think we rely on elon musk to hold fast on that?

february 16: well, now zelensky has made the same preemptive concession: no return to 2014. so crimea and donbas are gone forever. now the 
bargaining will be about whether that means the actual frozen conflict as of february 23, 2022, or the thousands of square miles that russia 
"annexed" but didn't actually occupy on september 30 that year. (only 
crimea actually had a majority of ethnic russians in the 2001 census.)

books of the month
see the warbird's book club for reviews of yaroslav hrytsak's difficult but very rewarding ukraine: the forging of a nation and a confession about the books i read because i enjoy them.

and as always i have updated war in the modern world with some of my 
thoughts from the past month.

blue skies! -- daniel ford. you can send humanitarian aid to ukraine through razom (a tax-exempt us-based charity). or donate to the military through the national bank of ukraine.

and welcome to the forum!
here are a thousand or so files on airplanes, pilots, and the wars
of the past hundred years, grouped under these headings:



annals of the flying tigers
 annals of the brewster buffalo
 annals of poland: war and exile,  1939-1948
 japan at war, 1931-1945
 annals of the chinese air force
 glen edwards and the flying wing
 remembering bluie west one
 annals of vietnam
 war in the modern world


plus these excellent places to look for more: 



the warbird's book club
 daniel ford’s books
 the piper cub forum





on this website: 
front page | 
flying tigers | 
chinese air force | 
japan at war | 
brewster buffalo | 
glen edwards & the  
flying wing | 
vietnam |
war in the modern  
world |
bluie west one |
poland 1939-1948 | 
book club | 
book reviews | 
question? |  
google us |
website & webmaster  
| 
site map
other sites: 

flying tigers: the book 
| daniel ford's blog  
| daniel ford's books
| piper cub forum 
| reading proust
posted february 2025. websites © 1997-2025 daniel ford; all rights 
reserved. this site sets no cookies, but mailchimp and amazon do,
if you click through to their websites. i never see those cookies.



 