


xavier thoughts



















a nurse with a gun





monday, february 17, 2014



	 
	 veteran living in anti-gun chicago kills intruder
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:38 am
9 comments








	 
	 ambushed florida father in shootout with robbers
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:36 am
0 comments








	 
	 gas station clerk fires gun at robbery suspects
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:34 am
0 comments








	 
	 84-year-old woman shoots intruder
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:30 am
1 comments








	 
	 school counselor kills home intruder
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:27 am
0 comments








	 
	 woman shoots would-be rapist
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:24 am
0 comments








	 
	 utah homeowner kills nighttime intruder
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:21 am
0 comments








	 
	 12-year-old girl shoots intruder 
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:15 am
0 comments








	 
	 armed texan shoots violent craigslist robber
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:13 am
0 comments








	 
	 woman who shot returning robbers interviewed 
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:11 am
0 comments








	 
	 unlucky thugs try to rob armed texan 
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:08 am
0 comments








	 
	 110 lb female shoots attacker in the face
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:07 am
1 comments








	 
	 surveillance and 911 recordings show store owner shoot armed burglers
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:05 am
0 comments








	 
	 store owner shoots armed robber in chest
	 
    






posted by xavier at 1:02 am
1 comments





wednesday, april 04, 2012



	 
	 sentencing in the danziger bridge massacre
	 
    


tonight a rare waft of justice arose from the steamy swamps surrounding new orleans and i feel compelled to return to xavier thoughts to notate the fact. earlier today, in a court of law, four murderers and one lying dog were sentenced in the killing of innocent people and the maiming of four others struggling to survive in the aftermath of hurricane katrina in new orleans louisiana.  u.s. district judge kurt engelhardt imposed the harshest sentence on robert faulcon, who was handed a 65 year term for his involvement in killing two of the victims. kenneth bowen and robert gisevius got 40 years for their roles in the murders, while robert villavaso was sentenced to 38 years. all were new orleans police officers. arthur kaufman was sentenced to six years or his role in transforming the internal investigation into a police cover-up of the crimes. he, too, was a new orleans police officer. in court, lance madison, the brother of slain ronald madison declared "you are the reason i can no longer trust law enforcement." indeed. since i first began blogging on the danziger bridge massacre in 2005, two months after hurricane katrina, i discussed the incident with many police officers who were both friends and acquantiences. to a man they all believed that the murderers involved would ultimately be vindicated. how is it that police officers can be so blinded by a badge that they cannot discern murder when it is under their very noses? it's disgusting. shameful. sad. this is the reason that no intelligent citizen can trust police officers in the united states any longer. they have removed themselves from society, mentally placed themselves in a special place with special privileges and they view citizens as either criminals or criminals in waiting. "there were many, many new orleans police officers who performed courageous, selfless acts of heroism in the aftermath of hurricane katrina," assistant u.s. attorney general thomas perez stated. "but regrettably, the acts of heroism of so many have been overshadowed by the misconduct of a few. what we learned in this trial -- what we learned in these convictions -- is that the constitution never takes a holiday. the constitution applies every day of every week, and no police officer can take it upon himself or herself to suspend the constitution." those sentenced today were convicted last august on all charges, though a jury somehow found that their actions did not constitute murder. their seven week trial included testimony from five other former nopd officers who plead guilty and testified against their former brothers in blue. thus far, prosecutors have secured eleven convictions in the danziger bridge massacre, from ten nopd officers to a st. landry parish man who impersonated a sheriff's deputy. the danziger massacre was a focal point in a series of justice department investigations of post-katrina police wrongdoing that has resulted in a total of fifteen convictions of nopd officers.in 2010, three former new orleans police officers were convicted in the case of henry glover, who was murdered and his body burned to conceal the fact. david warren was convicted of shooting glover in the back. he was sentenced to more than 25 years in prison in 2011; gregory mcrae, who was found guilty of burning the body, received a 17 plus year sentence. a federal judge has ordered a new trial for the third former police officer travis mccabe, who was accused of obstructing the investigation. the justice department's civil rights division launched an investigation into what it has called "patterns or practices" of misconduct by new orleans police in the aftermath of hurricane katrina, which killed nearly 1,500 people in louisiana and more than 1,700 across the gulf coast.robert faulcon, jr.: 6 counts of deprivation of rights under color of law, 3 counts of using a weapon during commission of a crime of violence, 1 count of conspiracy, 2 counts of obstruction of justice, and 1 count of civil rights conspiracy. 65 years imprisonment. kenneth bowen: 6 counts of deprivation of rights under color of law, 2 counts of using a weapon during commission of a crime of violence, 1 count of conspiracy, 2 counts of obstruction of justice, and 1 count of civil rights conspiracy. 40 years imprisonment. robert gisevius, jr.: 5 counts of deprivation of rights under color of law, 2 counts of using a weapon during commission of a crime of violence, 1 count of conspiracy, 1 count of obstruction of justice, and 2 counts of civil rights conspiracy. 40 years imprisonment.  anthony villavaso ii: 5 counts of deprivation of rights under color of law, 2 counts of using a weapon during commission of a crime of violence, 1 count of conspiracy, 1 count of obstruction of justice, and 1 count of civil rights conspiracy. 38 years imprisonment. arthur kaufman: 4 counts of falsifying official records in a federal investigation, 3 counts of false statements, 2 counts of civil rights conspiracy for false persecution, and 1 count of conspiracy. 6 years imprisonment.labels: danziger bridge, new orleans



posted by xavier at 10:34 pm
23 comments





monday, august 01, 2011



	 
	 monarchy
	 
    


labels: photographers



posted by xavier at 9:55 pm
17 comments





friday, april 15, 2011



	 
	 kaziah
	 
    


labels: art, military



posted by xavier at 12:02 pm
0 comments





monday, january 17, 2011



	 
	 discovery of treasure
	 
    


labels: photographers, photography



posted by xavier at 12:44 am
36 comments





saturday, january 15, 2011



	 
	 feminine protection
	 
    


labels: photographs



posted by xavier at 12:46 am
37 comments





friday, december 31, 2010



	 
	 munsterville
	 
    


munsterville was a gated community. a guard stood at the gate checking automobiles and their occupants as they came and went. why, i do not know. inside the wrought iron fence wet, stinking garbage lined the curbs, swept there by the wind when dry, only to be plastered there by the rain later. shards of broken glass glistened across the streets. crack was dealt openly. so was sex. there was no fear of the law inside that gate. yeah, munsterville was a gated community........the kind of fenced in cage that kept the animals inside. even the ramshackle, crime infested and starving community surrounding munsterville feared what was contained in those black bars.thus, when i received word that a patient was waiting inside for me, i was not without trepidation. i had worked all throughout the area surrounding m'ville. i was familiar with the risks. a po-po escort was out of the question, even though a nurse had been assaulted there only weeks before. the po-po only entered in pairs there....pairs of squad cars, at least four officers at a time, and only on raids. i thought about having someone ride along with me, there is security in numbers. the wrong person would have needed my protection though, and the right people were unavailable. if i would have owned a german shepherd at that time i would have gone home and picked the dog up to reside in the grand cherokeee while i took care of the patient. alas, chester was not up to the task. i always carried stored little darling's aluminum softball bat in the rear of the jeep. it could perform double duty as a non-lethal weapon if needed. i knew i was most vulnerable when i left a home, not when i arrived. upon leaving, any assailant would know about when i would be exiting, and certainly where i would be going.......back to my vehicle. i had a convex mirror stuck on my hatchback glass just so i could see behind me right before i opened it to place my nursing bag inside. my nursing bag itself was actually a concealed carry soft sided leather brief case with a stainless .357 magnum in a hidden center compartment. in my smartcarry holster was a colt compact. you would think i would have felt invulnerable. i did not. i was entering munsterville to care for a patient. i worried about the teenagers junkies and crackheads the most. the crackheads would bust out your car windows to steal change from your center console, and the junkies, on learning you were a nurse, would want syringes, and believe you were carrying medication dope. the kids would just swarm you like hornets on bicycles to get at your valuables, or to steal what they could to trade to the junkies and crackheads. munsterville was indian territory, and i wasn't dancing with wolves. the patient i was to see, antonio, had no telephone. he was a paraplegic, bound to a wheelchair and fighting decubitus ulcers. to expect him to have a telephone so i could call ahead was to much to ask. a fat uniformed "guard" manning the gate hailed me as my jeep approached. i rolled down my window and told him i was going to apartment 234c. he scribbled down the information as i moved on. i suppose he would send out a search party in a few days if anyone came looking for me. i noticed there were banks of locked mailboxes just inside the gate. "neither snow nor rain not heat nor gloom of night".........just the derangement of a crackhead and the threat of not leaving in one piece.five or six kids jumped joyously on top of a urine soaked mattress and box springs beside a rusty graffitti covered dumpster. they stopped and stared in bewilderment as i drove past. boney feral cats ran free, hunting rats and spreading disease. i tried to dodge the broken glass, and cringed as it grated underneath my tires. i drove throughout the place, trying to locate 234c. not a single unit had a number. my jeep crunched over more glass as i returned to the guard to ask directions. he referred to a crumpled xeroxed map and directed me around the cul-de-sac. i parked as close as i could. 234c was on the top of a "dog-trot" unit, so named because of open area between two quadplexes covered by a roof ajoining them. the rusty metal and concrete stairs to the second story units were underneath the roof. i scanned the surroundings before i got out of my vehicle. all was well. i exited, got my bag from the rear, and locked the jeep. as i slogged through the mud and dead grass towards the building, a kid on a to small bmx bike waddled up. "what you want man?" he inquired. i glanced his way and turned to face him. "i'm here for a patient. you know antonio?" "yeah, i know ant. what you want with ant? you a doctor?" "naw man, i'm a nurse." a nurse? you don't look like no nuss to me. i think you be five-0." i smiled inscrutably. that could be a good thing. maybe. "so what if i was?""so i'd"........ his words were cut short by a gesture from a young black man in a wheelchair, in the shadows underneath the dogtrot. i walked up and said i'm looking for antonio. "that's me," said the young man, his loose short jeans still sagging despite the wheelchair. "i'm xavier.....i'm here to take care of your wounds." i struggled with ant's wounds for over a year, going into m'ville each day to meet up with him. when i first met him, i explained that i did not carry dope or syringes. i asked him to spread the word. he must have, because my jeep was never broken into. ant's apartment was on the second story. his handicap was ignored by whoever rented him his apartment. he solved the problem himself by living with someone on the ground floor. i never saw his actual apartment. as time wore on, i began to see other people in munsterville. ant was just the first.labels: self defense



posted by xavier at 5:13 am
0 comments





thursday, december 30, 2010



	 
	 the gospel according to john (moses browning, that is...)
	 
    


1. in the beginning there was the 1911, and the 1911 was the pistol, and it was good. and behold the lord said, "thou shalt not muck about with my disciple john's design, for it is good and it worketh. for john made the 1911, and lo all of his weapons, from the designs which i, the lord, gave him upon the mountain.  2. "and shouldst thou muck about with it and hang all manner of foul implements upon it, and profane its internal parts, thou shalt surely have malfunctions, and in the midst of battle thou shalt surely come to harm."  3. and as the ages passed men in their ignorance and arrogance didst forget the word of the lord and began to profane the 1911. the tribe of the gamesman did place recoil spring guides and extended slide releases upon the 1911 and their metalsmiths didst tighten the tolerances and alter parts to their liking, their clearness of mind being clouded by lust.  4. their artisans did hang all manner of foul implements upon the 1911 and did so alter it that it became impractical to purchase. for lo, the artisans didst charge a great tax upon the purchasers of the 1911 so that the lowly field-worker could not afford one. and the profaning of the internal parts didst render it unworkable when the dust of the land fell upon it.  5. and lo, they didst install adjustable sights, which are an abomination unto the lord. for they doth break and loose their zero when thou dost need true aim. and those who have done so will be slain in great numbers by their enemies in the great battle.  6. and it came to pass that the lord didst see the abomination wrought by man and didst cause, as he had warned, fearful malfunction to come upon the abominations and upon the artisans who thought they could do no wrong.  7. seeing the malfunctions and the confusion of men the lord of the underworld did see an opportunity to further ensnare man and didst bring forth pistols made of plastic, whose form was such that they looked and felt like a brick, yet the eyes of man being clouded, they were consumed by the plastic pistol and did buy vast quantities of them.  8. and being a deceitful spirit the lord of the underworld did make these plastic pistols unamenable to the artisans of earth and they were unable to muck much with the design, and lo these pistols did function.  9. and the evil one also brought forth pistols in which the trigger didst both cock and fire them and which require a "dingus" to make them appear safe.  10. but man, being stupid, did not understand these new pistols and did proceed to shoot them-selves with the plastic pistol, and with the trigger cocking pistols for lo their manual of arms required great intelligence which man had long since forsaken. yet man continue to gloat over these new pistols blaming evil forces for the negligent discharges which they themselves had committed.  11. and when man had been totally ensnared with plastic pistol, the lord of the underworld didst cause a plague of the terrible ka-boom to descend upon man and the plastic pistols delivered their retribution upon men. and there was a great wailing and gnashing of teeth in the land.  12. then seeing that the eyes of man were slowly being opened and that man was truly sorrowful for his sinful misdeeds, the lord did send his messengers in the form of artisans who did hear and obey the teachings of the prophet and who didst restore the profaned 1911s to their proper configuration, and lo, to the amazement of men they didst begin to work as the prophet had intended.  13. and the men of the land didst drive out the charlatans and profaners from the land, and there was joy and peace in the land, except for the evil spirits which tried occasionally to prey on the men and women of the land, and who were sent to the place of eternal damnation by the followers of john.  amen   hat tip  



posted by xavier at 9:58 pm
0 comments








	 
	 upload stuff!!
	 
    


                                                                                                                                   border="0" alt="" />                                              



posted by xavier at 7:22 pm
0 comments














xavier is a registered nurse who specialized in complex wound care. he has practiced for over fourteen years in his community. he often provided nursing service in areas where law enforcement refused to enter without back-up. xavier now works in surgery.
xavier has been an avid shooter for over 30 years. he strongly supports the 2nd amendment, opposes gun control of any sort, and carries a weapon 24 hours a day. 
xavier is known on various internet gun forums as xavierbreath. he is married with three children, and is moderated by an apathetic one eyed cat, a goofy golden retriever, and a stalwart german shepherd dog. one day, he hopes to be deserving of them all.

domari nolo




xavier can still be emailed at 
treatmewithbenignneglect@gmail.com

he might read your email.
he might delete it on sight. 
he might publish it and comment on it. 





















the four rules
1. all firearms are always loaded
2. never let the muzzle of a firearm point at anything you are not willing to destroy
3. keep your finger off the trigger until you are ready to shoot
4. be sure of your target and what lies beyond it


the five rules of concealed carry
1. your concealed handgun is for protection of life only.
2. know exactly when you can use your gun.
3. if you can run away -- run!
4. display your gun, be prepared to go to jail.
5. don't let your emotions get the best of you.


talking to the police




reference websites
the sight m1911a1
1911 disassembly
1911 magazine analysis
the 1911 project
m1911 and m1911a1 guide
m1911 and m1911a1 serial numbers
the snubnose files
romanian kalashnikov rifles

gunnie type blogs & links


u.s. concealed carry assoc.
open carry.org
the cornered cat
learn about guns
no nonsense self defense
armchair gun show
jeff cooper's commentaries
massad ayoob
pistol training.com
listening to katrina
civilian gun self-defense
front sight, press
revolver liberation alliance
women of caliber
sharp as a marble
view from the porch
home on the range
carteacho
the drawn cutlass
3 boxes of bs
oleg volk
the thinking gunfighter
the lawdog files
gun nuts media
expert witness
mauser girl
gunning and strumming
the firearm blog
n.u.g.u.n.
squeaky wheel
the munchkin wrangler
fatal abstraction
better and better
mauser medic
the armed school teacher
cowtown cop
legally armed in detroit
guns, crime and videotape
anarchangel
bloggo
from the barrel of a gun
the shootist
a keyboard and a .45
politics, guns & beer
kingside rook
tfs magnum
pretty pistolera
gun pundit
bayou renaissance man
firearm fun
boomers & bs
armed and safe
thoran's thoughts
gunner's journal
monster hunter nation
curses! foiled again!
alphecca
women of caliber
guns holsters & gear
mr.completely
roberta x
days of our trailers
wasted electrons
cogito ergo geek
the breda fallacy
7 plus 8
poet n the pawnbroker 
the real gun guys
john lott's website
hell in a handbasket
michael bane
10 ring
live from the (upper) texas gulf coast
geek with a .45

nursing type blogs + a few docs

weird nursing tales
nurse william
nurse ratched's place
scalpel or sword?
pink warm dry
float floor rn
white coat rants
dust in the wind
musings of a highly trained monkey
guitargirl rn
donorcycle
grunt doc
nursing school insanity
white coat underground
surgeon's blog
crass-pollination
cut to cure
backboards and band-aids
code blog
street watch
pixel rn
brain scramble
mostly true stories
nursing zen
angry nurse
hot medical news
podunk memorial
march of the platypi
medicated musings
10 out of 10
ambulance driver
too old to work, too young to retire
rogue medic
i just call it as i see it

bicycling blogs and sites

transportational bicycling
bike hacks
paul dorn's bike commuting tips
classic rendezvous
cyclelicious
sheldon brown
jim langley
bike commuters
commute by bike
bike snob
the well run dry
lunatic biker
old bike blog
sixty-one sixty
austin bike blog
ghost bike
bike whenever
velocipede
the slow bicycle movement
amsterdamize
lock your bike
old rusty bike
2whls3spds
chic cyclist
velocipete
63xc
spokes of a wheel
bicycling new orleans
what i saw riding my bike around today
velo-orange
3 speed blog
bikes for the rest of us
alien bikes
the bike geek
old ten speed gallery
fixed gear gallery
cyclofiend
bike rubbish
bicycle design
bike of doom
bike jax
industry outsider
fat cyclist
rogue mechanic
the accidental athlete
clever cycles
copenhagen cycle chic
bike drool
grease monkey
how to fix bikes
bike fix
montreal freak bike militia
freakbike nation
bicycle tutor
vintage life cycles
where was my bike made?
yehuda moon
national weather service

photography blogs and sites

ken rockwell
thom hogan
peter van nugteren
lighten up & shoot
vivian maier
steve mccurry
eric meola
richard avedon
joyce tenneson
joe mcnally
edward p. richards
roger clark
zack arias
neil van niekerk
laurin rinder
marty kittrell
bjorn rorslett
michael fatali
oleg volk
scott kelby
dave black
kelco
jack heinemann
russ morris
richard de stoutz nikon collection
tinker and wander
through the viewfinder
digital howie photoworks
shutter fug
reactuate
50% chance of rain
and then came the shot 
strobist
2 point 8
stuck in customs
stupid photographer
digital slr and lens review
weegee's world
tokyo camera style
holga mods.com
1x.com
studio lighting.net
enticing the light
timecatcher
the online photographer
photodoto
collectible cameras
the living image
old cameras
michael c liu'sphotoaxe.com
field cameras of the united states
holga
michael c liu'snikon & nikkors resources
camerapedia
the photographer's right (pdf)
digital photography school

other blogs i like

the consumerist
post secret
bent objects
“unnecessary” quotation marks
astronomy pic of the day
steampunk
mental floss
gawker
photo basement
dark roasted blend
oobject
knutz
life hacker
geekologie
today's big thing
deal hack
2 spyware.com
1-800 numbers
ilsa's favorites

lagniappe's lair
abby k9
arda
schwartze-hunden 
gsd club of america
purina



popular subjects
neophyte shooters
range journal
gun collecting
range reports
gunsmithing
dating a smith & wesson
1911 basics
bicycling
my bikes
my photographs
photography
my cameras
ilsa thoughts
pets
nursing
self defense


favorite articles
firearms bill of sale
the loudest sound
quickie s&w price calculator
what's it worth?
shooter's wheel of corrections
a recipe for marksmanship and maturation
the beginner gun
choosing your first 1911
checking a used 1911
what kind of gun collector am i?
evolution of a custom carry gun
a custom carry colt
the colt new agent
the colt defender
a free colt commander
a sunday commander
clark combat colt 1911
a custom gold cup national match
colt combat elite
colt m1991a1
my first 1911
remington rand
colt m1911 black army
colt's wwi reproduction
a m1911a1 copy
the colt sistema
retro gi45
the ruger mkii
the colt woodsman
the toz-35
parkerizing, truth vs tales
a woodsman and water rattlers
miss myra's gun
a collector's treasure
the gun story of 2005
home defense shotguns
getting 18.5 inches
gun photography
1911 sizes
the best 1911 for you
xavier's gun show rules
xavier's pawnshopping secrets
hot carry in louisiana
the beauty of the .22 pistol
cracking open a smith & wesson 
standing on the x
recognizing threats
surviving a gunfight
remember new orleans






 amazon.com widgets

































































recommended reading

















archives


september 2005


october 2005


november 2005


december 2005


january 2006


february 2006


march 2006


april 2006


may 2006


june 2006


july 2006


august 2006


september 2006


october 2006


november 2006


december 2006


january 2007


february 2007


march 2007


april 2007


may 2007


june 2007


july 2007


august 2007


september 2007


october 2007


november 2007


december 2007


january 2008


february 2008


march 2008


april 2008


may 2008


june 2008


july 2008


august 2008


september 2008


october 2008


november 2008


december 2008


january 2009


february 2009


march 2009


april 2009


may 2009


june 2009


july 2009


august 2009


september 2009


october 2009


november 2009


december 2009


january 2010


february 2010


march 2010


april 2010


may 2010


june 2010


july 2010


december 2010


january 2011


april 2011


august 2011


april 2012


february 2014





last 10 articles

veteran living in anti-gun chicago kills intruder
ambushed florida father in shootout with robbers
gas station clerk fires gun at robbery suspects
84-year-old woman shoots intruder
school counselor kills home intruder
woman shoots would-be rapist
utah homeowner kills nighttime intruder
12-year-old girl shoots intruder
armed texan shoots violent craigslist robber
woman who shot returning robbers interviewed





specific archives

 pawn shop circuit
 idiots with guns
 range reports
 self defense
nola confiscation video
patricia konie video
ashton o'dwyer video
the untold story of gun confiscation after katrina 






www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos and videos from xavier shots. make your own badge here.





















 

"and those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music."
friedrich nietzsche


© 2009 xavier thoughts
all rights reserved
μολων λαβε 





