










homepage - jewish veg












































































jewish veg

skip to main content






search for:


















menu








search


about  

what we do
who we are
rabbinic statement
contact us


learn  

jewish veganism
animals
health
environment


recipes  

submit a recipe


blog  

submit a blog post


donate
 




 







 





shalom begins on your plate our conversations today create a better tomorrow.
 
support the jewish plant-based movement. donate 









conversation. connection. celebration.
 jewish veg educates and builds community to encourage plant-based lifestyles through celebrations and conversations about jewish values.
 
 
 








 
 


intro to jewish veganism 





 
 


speaking engagements 















download vegan challah recipe free vegan challah recipe ebooklet! no mixer necessary! this easy vegan challah recipe was created by roberta schiff, a member of the jewish veg advisory council. make it for your next shabbat!
 

jewish veg vegan challah booklet






 

















join us! new events coming soon. upcoming events 




missed our last event?
watch here 
see all events 











wednesday, september 06, 2023
holiday events will resume in the fall

														7:00 pm																												/ 8:00 pm																											
we will share information about our exciting fall updates soon. watch your inbox! don’t get our updates? sign up for our newsletter. we hope you have a great summer!


read more














blog  featured blog posts



see all blogs 





why are some of judaism’s most common ritual objects made from animal products?

																all blog posts															
jewish veg stands on firm ground when we state that the torah points strongly toward not using animals – for food. the intersection between veganism as a diet and judaism as a religion is clearly expressed in the tanakh and in our rabbinic tradition. but when it comes to jewish ritual objects, we have to 
























recipes recipes we’re loving right now 


see all recipes 








sweet potato challah
an atlanta based congregation, beth tikvah, let us know how incredibly delicious this recipe was.
appetizer









vegan moussaka (gluten-free)
my dinner table is always full for jewish holidays. friends, family, visitors from afar, and strays and strangers from...









vegan aviyal (kerala-style avial vegetable subji)
what could be better than a dish that is not only suitable to be offered as bhoga to the...
main












 












jewish veg educates and builds community to encourage plant-based lifestyles through celebrations and conversations about jewish values.





contact us

							jewish veg 
533 e girard ave 
unit #612 
philadelphia, pa 19125  

info@jewishveg.org






what we do
jewish veganism
events
recipes
blog






 

 





































donate








							copyright 2024						

						ein: 61-1527792
					

 nonprofit marketing agency by
elevation web




terms of use
disclaimer
privacy policy








				jewish veg is now the center for jewish food ethics!			


jewish veg is now working as the center for jewish food ethics! find out more at our new site here: www.jewishfoodethics.org.



			×			




























