







ancient ways





















































home


candles


bulk herbs


oils


stones


incense


contact us





menu








4075 telegraph avenue
oakland, ca, 94609
(510) 653-3244


serving oakland's spiritual community for over 30 years




your custom text here











home


candles


bulk herbs


oils


stones


incense


contact us














home
proudly serving oakland’s new age, pagan, & wiccan community for over 30 years, featuring books, candles, herbs, oils, icons, jewelry, stones, ritual tools, and more. tarot readings, classes, candle dressing.







oakland’s favorite pagan metaphysical storebooks • candles • herbs • oil • icons • jewelry • stones • ritual tools













open 11:00am to 7:00pm daily • closed christmas and new year’s days



help us recover from several costly incidents of malicious mischief.




    click here to contribute to our fundraiser
  















candleswe stock a large variety of candles for every sort of application; glass jar candles, votives, tapers, figurines, and more. dressing by our knowledgable and experienced staff is available.















bulk herbswe specialize in bulk herbs and herbal blends to enhance your life, your home, and your spellwork.













readingsour skilled and experienced readers will be happy to answer your important questions. call to find-out who’s available. walk-ins are welcome.

 













stonesexplore the ritual and magical uses of semiprecious stones and gems.















oilsoils for every purpose, including ancient ways’ own blends as well as potent waters and bath salts.















incenseincense blends for rituals and inspiration in stick, cone, or powdered form.



due to the pandemic restrictions we allow only a limited number of masked customers in the shop at a time. we have masks available if you don’t have one. we thank you for your cooperation and understanding.stock may be limited due to supply issues, so please call to be sure we have what you need.





subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!











ancient ways4075 telegraph avenueoakland, ca 94609510 653-3244contact uscopyright ancient ways 2023



candlesbulk herbsoilsstonesincensereadings

















powered by squarespace








