






  











performance food group









about




history
locations
leadership
making a difference
news




segments




foodservice
vistar
convenience




corporate responsibility


investors


careers




benefits
job search
our people
why pfg




connect




contact us
social media














expansion in convenience channel
pfg welcomes core-mark to its family of companies.
learn more                                    
 






pfg q1 2025 results
listen to an archived webcast of pfg's first-quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings.
learn more                                    
 






committed togiving back
pfg is a company that cares. learn about the many ways we enjoy giving back to our communities.
learn more                                    
 






strengthening our business
performance food group provides update on partnerships and corporate actions.
learn more                                    
 






changing the industry
vistar's good to go program is revolutionizing the vending industry by making it easy to find natural & organic products. 
learn more                                    
 






a cut above extraordinary
braveheart black angus beef® redefines premium beef, setting a higher bar for quality, tenderness and taste.  
learn more                                    
 












                        a trusted leader in the foodservice industry
                    

                        more than 100 years of experience and adaptation
                    
we deliver success through a blend of proven expertise and willingness to embrace change. yes, we started delivering food in 1885, but we’ve never stopped moving or rested on our laurels. we are always looking for fresh ideas, simple solutions and new ways to serve our customers, while using the knowledge we’ve gained to streamline our operations and processes. that’s why our customers count on us for safety and efficiency, but also to show them what’s coming next.






























                                    jamie guadagnino
                                





                                    developing your future
                                

                                    jamie guadagnino, vice president of sales, vistar
                                
jamie guadagnino began her journey with pfg over 20 years ago as a customer service representative. she advanced through a variety of positions over the years and through hard work and commitment, she is now vice president of sales, vistar.


                                    i value the trust and investment that pfg places in my development. i still have much to learn in my current role, and look forward to working here for many more years to come.
                                







                        careers
                    

                        find the right job
                    
pfg is a great place to start and build a career. we hire in a variety of fields.

 drivers
 warehouse
 sales
 finance
 supply chain
 marketing
 human resources
 information technology
 procurement
                

search for jobs                        
 








                    delivering success with a focus on innovation
                

                    we find flexible, efficient solutions for our customers  
                

everything we do is built around ensuring our customers’ businesses thrive. we started delivering food in 1885 and over the years have re-invented ourselves time and again to stay ahead of the industry. that’s why our customers don’t just see us as order takers; they see us as success makers. 








                our segments
            



 

                                foodservice
                            

 

 

                                vistar
                            

 

 

                                convenience
                            

 






                explore pfg
            











                                grow to-go
                            

                                delivery isn’t just for pizza anymore. today’s diners are looking for variety when it comes to takeout. are you cashing in on the to-go phenomenon?



grow your business                                
 





                                vistar's approach to sustainability
                            

                                vistar is dedicated to implementing new sustainable practices in a continued effort to reduce energy usage and waste.

grow your business                                
 











                                helping those in need
                            

pfg is doing its part to help end hunger through donations of time, food and funds.


learn more                                
 












                                learn more about performance food group
                            

our customers don't see us as order takers. they see us as success makers. learn why in our latest video. 


watch the video                                
 




social
 
 
 
 









                            connect with us
                        



                            we’re happy to answer questions or share 
information about our products and services.
                        
contact pfg 












                        corporate
                        


performance food group
12500 west creek parkway
richmond, va 23238
(804) 484-7700
our locations






                        contact
                        


media
connect with us

additional inquiries
contact us






                        segments
                        


foodservice distribution national chain distribution vistar convenience






                        links
                        


about
our segments
investors
press releases
careers
connect






terms of use | privacy policy | notice at collection | supplier terms & conditions | contact us | do not sell or share my personal information | © copyright 2025 performance food group
    











