


loon lake realty - wisconsin real estate for sale






















home|waterfront property|lots and acreage|hunting land


contact us | financing and guarantee | how we help you | helpful information
















wisconsin real estate
at loon lake realty we specialize in southern, central and northern wisconsin wooded acreages, waterfront property, and hunting and camping land. we feature only the finest in lakefront land and acreage for camping, cottages, cabins and log homes.
our real estate listings include waterfront lots including acreage located on lakes, rivers, and streams. many of our properties are located close to communities like crivitz, pembine, florence, crandon, wabeno, lakewood, townsend, mountain, marinette, antigo, park falls, black river falls, necedah, prairie du chien, la crosse and mauston.
we specialize in the sale of wooded acreage properties suitable for residential living, vacationing, retirement, camping and investment. please feel free to browse our listings, and never hesitate to call or email us for detailed information about the properties that interest you. it is our pleasure to help you realize your dream of owning a rustic wisconsin getaway property.
 
“buy land. they ain't making any more of the stuff.” - will rogers
 
call 800-388-7685 today!

 
 
 











wisconsin property information
please check this page often for new real estate listings, property price reductions and special offers.
		if you provide us with any or all of your contact information we will:

supply you with additional information about our current property listings.
look for the type of property you’d like to own.
inform you about new real estate listings.
notify you about property specials, real estate sales, land auctions and price reductions.

when you're finished, click the "send" button. the information you provide will be kept strictly confidential. it will not be sold or given to other parties.






















*consent:



i consent to my submitted data being collected and stored in accordance to the loon lake realtyprivacy policy.


*first name:

*last name:

*e-mail address:

please provide at least one phone number in case we have any trouble with your e-mail address. thanks!
home phone: 

mobile phone: 

work phone: 

address:

city: 

state: 

zip code: 

*basic fields
your personal information always kept confidential.
please tell us about your property search and how we can best help.


name (leave blank): 


*please check this box to approve your contact info: 


 



 

 
 
 



home |
 waterfront property |
 lots and acreage |
 hunting land |
 contact us


privacy policy |
 cookies policy |
 financing and guarantee |
 how we help you |
 helpful information
















