










roseland waterpark - family fun this summer - canandaigua, ny


















































































































visit

admission
hours & directions
special events
roseland cafe
rentals
contact us
frequently asked questions
employment


attractions
groups

groups
birthday parties


season passes
employment opportunities
ticket options





menu


menu

 







thanks for a great summer, see you in 2025!


roseland waterpark is the largest waterpark in the finger lakes region with 56 acres of aquatic adventure and 9 unique attractions for the entire family.
sparkling water, certified lifeguards, free parking, rental lockers, concessions, and plenty of deck space for relaxing make this the hottest spot to get cool on canandaigua lake.
we can’t wait for you to visit this favorite place for summer family fun outside of rochester, ny.


purchase admission tickets
dust off your putters, roseland waterpark breaks ground on new mini golf course expansion
roseland waterpark is delighted to announce that construction has commenced on a new mini golf course. this project marks a significant enhancement to the park’s existing attractions, offering a new and exciting activity for the canandaigua and finger lakes community. scheduled to open its doors in the spring of 2025, this new feature aims to bring even more joy and entertainment to families and visitors of the finger lakes and beyond.

find out more
holiday special offer
purchase a roseland waterpark season pass by december 31st and receive one complimentary guest admission ticket to roseland waterpark and one complimentary round of golf at roseland mini golf. 
purchase now


weather
warranty

if we suspend operations due to lightning for more than 90 minutes you will receive either a bogo or a complimentary ticket.




upcoming events


view all events

webcam


view webcam



the best summer job!
apply today!

other attractions


bristol mountain aerial adventures

get outside, create memories, build confidence, & have an adventure.
find out more

roseland wake park

learn to ride for only $49. includes group instruction, ride time, & rentals.
find out more






  


© copyright - roseland waterpark - employment opportunities  - policies 
xfacebook






scroll to top

this website uses cookies in order to offer you the most relevant information & for marketing purposes. please accept cookies for optimal performance.accept & closelearn more

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
policies
accept settingshide notification only 






























































