















department of journalism | college of liberal & creative arts































      skip to main content
    










san francisco state university |
                

department of journalism 



 



a–z

calendar

login




search
                                    sf state




search sf state button




sf
                                state
                            

this site
                            











toggle navigation
 menu
                            




main navigation


about expand


about us


letter from the chair


accreditation


awards and honors


stay in the know


giving




people


programs expand


bachelor of arts in journalism


bachelor of arts bilingual spanish


minor




advising expand


advising details


forms and petitions


apply for graduation


approved minors


event requirement




student resources expand


scholarships and awards


internships


study abroad


student publications


expectations


department resources


student safety guide


campus resources


journalism clubs


student professional development grant




donate now


contact








 





register today for spring 2025 journalism classes!















welcome to the department of journalism


sf state journalism delivers contemporary, multifaceted instruction to prepare students for roles as journalists, storytellers and communicators.



our mission:



             to educate students and provide leadership in an evolving media landscape by promoting excellence, integrity, creativity and social responsibility in telling the stories of a multicultural world.
    

sf state journalism offers undergraduate degrees in:
 







bachelor of arts in journalism





bilingual spanish journalism





photojournalism and documentary





minor in journalism – 21 units








  announcements





 


news





may 08, 2024
len sellers' 'parting words'






may 08, 2024
remembering len sellers


    len sellers' 'parting words' – retirement speech at sf state journalism graduation celebration, may 25, 2001









february 07, 2024
journalism club at sf state

            
            are you interested in journalism, photography, design, social media or covering a community?
contact journalismclubatsfsu@gm…




more news









 


events






mar
12



scholarship workshop
wed, march 12, 12:30 pm
hum 303





may
24



spring 2025 journalism department graduation celebration
sat, may 24, 03:00 pm
knuth hall




more upcoming events










  focus on alumni





 





aaron morrison ('09)
race and ethnicity news editor, associated press
aaron directs coverage of race and ethnicity for the ap, and has reported extensively on race, civil rights, criminal justice reform and grassroots social movements.







 





donna tam ('07)
executive editor. marketplace, american public media
donna oversees editors, reporters, producers and hosts for marketplace, a pioneering public radio program that reaches more than 12 million listeners over the air and via daily podcast.







 





ali thanawalla ('09)
digital manager, nbc sports bay area
ali manages digital coverage of northern california sports. he has covered the biggest names and events in bay area sports over the last decade since graduation.







 





shayna rubin ('07)
giants beat reporter, san francisco chronicle
since serving as golden gate xpress sports editor, shayna has covered bay area sports for sfbay.ca, bay area news group, and now the san francisco chronicle.








  why study journalism at san francisco state university?










student projects









engaged faculty









exceptional careers







the department hosts three student-run and managed publications: golden gate xpress, an online newspaper that covers the campus community and the bay area, and xpress magazine, which is published online and in print.





our faculty provide instruction that requires students to demonstrate a working knowledge of the skills, laws, ethics, power and responsibilities of the news media.





our program's skills courses are to help students become accurate and thorough researchers; incisive thinkers who can gauge the quality of information; precise, clear and graceful writers; technically, aesthetically fine photojournalists; and competent digital technologists.







  get involved and build success






advising
we have a robust advising team and encourage all our students to meet with a faculty advisor regularly to guide you through your academic successes.
learn more about advising








student publications
xpress publications and its staff members are dedicated to providing an independent and accurate information source for the san francisco state university campus and the greater bay area community.
learn more about student publications








internships
internships are a great way to explore a field, get work experience, publish work and make professional connections.  the department of journalism encourages every student complete at least one internship.
learn more about internships








scholarships
the department of journalism offers several scholarship opportunities to our students.
learn more about scholarships











 








 














 









 
sf state journalism is accredited by the accrediting council on education in journalism and mass communications
site team report | decision letter
 


















contact
email: jour@sfsu.edutelephone: (415) 338-1689




facebook





facebook





twitter




linkedin






location1600 holloway avenuehumanities building, room 305san francisco, ca 94132





office hoursmonday through friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.




quick linksundergraduate advising centerxpress magazinexpress onlineget the magazine appprogram bulletin














accessibility
equity & community inclusion
environment & sustainability
privacy policy
title ix




san francisco state
                            university
a
                            california state university campus









sf state facebook







sf state twitter







sf state instagram







sf state linkedin






































