


  

  



kodiak today

























































      join us at sun ’n fun aerospace expo, april 1-6, 2025, lakeland linder international airport (klal)    




      from its humble beginnings in 1974 as a fly-in for sport aviation enthusiasts, the sun ‘n fun aerospace expo has grown into one of the largest and most successful aviation events on earth. we are florida’s largest annual convention of any kind, and each year over 200,000 visitors flock to what has become known as “aviation’s season opener” or “spring break for pilots.”    
read more








what can we help you find?


search site







kodiak logo




kodiak 100


kodiak 900


special missions


kodiakcare


events


adventures


support


store



















kodiak 100


kodiak 900


special missions


kodiakcare


events


adventures


support


store



















the ultimate getaway vehicle.

the ultimate getaway vehicle.













newer | safer | versatile introducing the new kodiak 900








the famous single-engine turboprop is now available in two models.
the original and continuously improved kodiak 100, famous for its backcountry and float-ready capability.
the larger, faster and luxuriously appointed kodiak 900 that will deliver you in style.
both aircraft are built smart, strong and versatile to meet the demands of any mission.























 modern equals safe

the kodiak is a thoroughly modern aircraft engineered in the 21st century and meeting the very latest faa standards.

innovative wing design for an extra margin of safety.
engine and power to get you up and out quickly.
tough gear for rough situations.
fly safer in all-weather conditions.
advanced avionics reduce workload and enhance situational awareness.












bigger. faster. more luxurious. introducing the new kodiak 900.











the kodiak 100 series iii  the next generation in continuous improvement












fly it to believe it
there is no substitute for experiencing a kodiak up close and personal.
the climb rate, short takeoff and agility of this plane will make you a believer.	
					
request a demo flight
one of our pros will contact you.







find an authorized kodiak dealer near you






















our heritage


request demo flight


find a dealer


news


careers


customer service


disclaimer






subscribe to our newsletter
to keep up with all kodiak adventures and the latest news, join our subscription list.













thanks for signing up for updates




follow us


















				visit our sister aircraft
www.tbm.aero




208-263-1111
daher aerospace 
1200 turbine drive
sandpoint, idaho 83864

			©  daher. all rights reserved.
		




			built by hand in sandpoint idaho
		














join the adventure
stunning pictures and words take you to papua new guinea with humanitarian airlift operations, to a remote surfing destination with world-class surfers, or follow rangers as they protect endangered rhinos in southern africa. we’ll also let you know about the latest news, product updates, and upcoming events where you can meet a kodiak up close and personal.











thanks for signing up for updates













join the adventure



download kodiak 100 brochure



download kodiak 900 brochure



request a demo flight





















request a demo flight
there is no better way to appreciate the kodiak 100 than actually flying in the plane. if you are interested in a demo flight, please fill out the request below. one of our colleagues will contact you shortly.





 












name  required 


email required


phone required


company


preferred contact method


emailphone




country required


street address


city


zip required


how did you first hear about us?




help us serve you better by selecting the option that best describes you required
prospective customer/demo flightmarketing, media & presskodiak care / customer service inquirygeneral questionssupplier relations

do you currently own an aircraft?


yesno


how many annual hours do you fly?


what aircraft do you currently own?


messagerequired



















				message to our customers and aviation friends			


dear customers, dear aviation friends, 
at a time when the world is facing the covid-19 pandemic, our thoughts are with all those who are most directly affected. we hope that you and your loved ones are healthy and will remain so throughout this difficult period.
i want to inform you of the steps daher is taking to stop the spread of the virus and protect the health of its employees, while ensuring safe and responsible operations at the service of its customers. our first priority is the health and safety of our staff and their families, as well as our extended « family” – our customers, suppliers and partners around the world. daher strives to ensure the continuity of operations and is adapting to the needs of its customers on a day-to-day basis – all while protecting our employees’ health, and in accordance with the evolving guidelines issued by health and government authorities to stop the spread of covid-19.
across the daher group:

working remotely is the imperative  rule for all jobs that allow it;  
business trips are prohibited;  
meetings are prohibited, except for those that are      essential to the continuation of the group’s activity. daher has requested      employees to use the available audio and video conferencing means for all      internal or external meetings that are maintained:
daher is taking all necessary measures to ensure the safety of our teams:  work      planning and work organization measures adapted to strict hygiene and      social distancing guidelines; ad hoc sanitary measures,  including the separation and rotation of teams, the layout of premises, as      well as the disinfection of work zones and common areas.

we are working with our suppliers to ensure the
safety of their employees, while maintaining a necessary level of activity.
given the situation, and despite all efforts that have been made, delays or
disruptions in our deliveries and/or services are inevitable. your regular
interlocutors remain mobilized to keep you informed; do not hesitate to
contact them.
of course, we will give priority for all of the fleet operators or any aircraft flown by our great and generous customers, which have been requested or who volunteered to deliver vital medical supplies and goods to some of the places that need it most. with the support of its partners, daher will be ready and operational to serve you completely and normally as soon as this crisis ends.   my thoughts are with all of you and your families each day and you can rely on me and my team to communicate everything that matters to you.   i wish you a safe stay at home!
 nicolas chabbert sr vice-president, daher’s aircraft division   


			×			



















