
the savvy traveler

























 
 





  











host 
            diana nyad
with 
            rudy 
            maxa.

books & music featured on the show


 
past journeys



maxa on marketplace
cast and credits 




















 

this may be old  to some, new to others, but new productions of the savvy traveler radio show have ended.

this is unhappy news for all of us, but we want to assure you that minnesota public radio went the extra mile to find a way to support the program.

despite the sincere and constant effort of our committed production staff, after nearly seven years of trying, the savvy traveler failed to attract sufficient underwriting support to continue. this was due to the economy in general, and the travel economy in particular -- especially in the post 9/11 period.

 we'd like to thank our talented staff including host diana nyad, contributor and former host rudy maxa,  producer ben adair, associate producer jim gates, assistant producer kelly markham and technical director ravi carman for their unflagging efforts to produce a new memorable program week after week.

the spirit and, hopefully some of the best ideas and segments will survive this change, here on the savvy traveler web site. 

from time to time programs of this beloved series will be rebroadcast on the radio. this site will be available for the indefinite future, replete with audio, text, online resources and a searchable database of program information to enrich and hopefully inspire the savvy traveler in you.  if you have any comments about the program, drop us a line.  we'd love to hear from you.

thanks for listening, and for stopping by to visit.
search the archives
browse programs by date
peruse the library for music and books
visit the traveler's toolbox














 







marketplace
all things...
am. radioworks
as it happens
bbc world service
car talk
fresh air
future tense
morning ed.
on the media
only a game
prairie home...
rewind
satellite sisters
sound money
the splendid table
talk of the nation
this american life
wait wait...
weekend ed. sat.
weekend ed. sun.
to the best...
whad'ya know
the world




 the savvy traveler
          261 south figueroa street, suite 200
          los angeles, ca 90012






the society of professional journalists has presented a national mark of excellence award in radio feature reporting to contributor jake warga for his "home from africa" story. congratulations jake!






 

 


 


the savvy 
        traveler is produced by minnesota public 
        radio.
 





american public media home | search | how to listen©2004 american public media | terms of use | privacy policy












