


experience dartmouth - dartmouth hotels, accommodation & things to do  | dartmouth devon - accommodation, businesses, and local information







































about | 
contact & advertise | 
login | 

privacy 


 












 








accommodation 

 hotels  

 self catering  

 guest houses  

 holiday cottages  

 holiday lets  

 holiday agencies  

 bed & breakfast  

 boutique hotels  

 luxury hotels  


food & drink 

 restaurants   

 pubs and inns   

 takeaways   

 cafes & takeaways   


things to do 

 top attractions   

 family days out   

 dart music festival   


shopping 

 home and lifestyle   



explore dartmouth

about dartmouth
dartmouth photos
dartmouth events
books on dartmouth
getting around
surrounding villages
dartmouth weather
news



local business and community 

 home & garden  

 handyman and maintenance  

 interior design  

 builders  

 builders merchants  

 roofing  

 electricians  

 carpentry and joinery  

 gardening services  



 professional services  

 architects  

 it support  

 financial services  

 solicitors  

 property services  

 photography  



 transport and motors  

 private health  

 yacht brokers  

 community and charity  

 sports  

 social  

 charities  

 other  










 











experience dartmouth - the jewel in devon’s crown
if you are looking for dartmouth accommodation, visit our accommodation pages which include an extensive range of dartmouth hotels, dartmouth self-catering, dartmouth bed and breakfast, and other choices.
are you having a dartmouth short break this year? browse a list of things to do in dartmouth, including attractions, shopping (including fantastic dartmouth art galleries), excursions and wonderful beaches near dartmouth.
the dartmouth regatta is one of the most popular events in dartmouth.   the dartmouth regatta comprises of sailing events, rowing events, air displays (including the incredible red arrows) and stunning fireworks displays viewable from our dartmouth hotels.
dartmouth is famous for its refined dining and beautiful views. in addition to wonderful restaurants, dartmouth has a large choice of various eating and drinking establishments.
the dartmouth directory also provides a list of local services including shopping, estate agents, education and hospitals.
the dartmouth directory is the leading online resource for all things in and around dartmouth, such as dartmouth hotels in south devon.
 








our featured accommodation



 

 
dartmouth green luxury self catering cottages


luxury self catering cottages at dartmouth green, dartmouth south devon
            
            
read more




latest news



20th anniversary of the dartmouth food festival october 25-27
read more




charity beer festival oct 18-20
read more




dartmouth regatta: a historic celebration of 180 years awaits
read more




read more latest news 


 


















all content © 2014 dartmouth directory search engine optimisation by e-strategy
      the dartmouth directory is the leading online resource for dartmouth in devon and includes information on
      dartmouth accommodation, things to do, eating out, shopping and local services.
      (dartmouth directory is not responsible for the content of externally linked websites) website development devon


