







home | tennessee encyclopedia











































 








skip to content














  


search for:








homeaboutthis land called tennesseeforewordacknowledgmentsauthorsstaff memberssupporterscategoriesobjectsentriesimagesinteractivescontactsuggest a topiccorrectionsdonate 














homerandal rust2020-02-05t15:17:06+00:00 

welcome to version 3.0 of the tennessee encyclopedia of history and culture. explore hundreds of entries, images and photo galleries that cover the history and culture of the great volunteer state!




welcome to version 3.0. rebuilt from the ground up to be a better, faster, more comprehensive source for historians, teachers, students, and anyone interested in exploring the history of the volunteer state.
1,600+ entrieshundreds of entries covering the history of the volunteer state.
browse entries540+ imageshundreds of images, representing key moments in the history and daily life in tennessee.
browse imagesphoto galleriesbrowse dozens of collections of images documenting the history of tennessee.
browse galleries 







search for:






featured entries
adelicia acklenone of the wealthiest women of the antebellum south, adelicia acklen was born march 15, 1817, the daughter of oliver bliss hayes, a prominent nashville lawyer, judge, presbyterian minister, land speculator, and cousin to president rutherford b. hayes.roy c. acuffroy acuff, known as the "king of country music" due to his long association with the grand ole opry, was born in maynardville, union county, on september 15, 1903. at age sixteen, he moved with his family to a knoxville…lamar alexanderlamar alexander, governor, university president, and u.s. secretary of education, was born on july 3, 1940, in blount county. his parents were teachers in maryville, and alexander attended public schools there. active in the boy scouts as a youngster, alexander…johnny cashjohnny cash, musician, actor, and member of the country music hall of fame, was born in kingsland, arkansas, to ray and carrie river cash on february 26, 1932. after graduating from high school in dyess, arkansas, in 1950, cash bounced…chattanooga choo-choo hotelthis landmark chattanooga hotel located on market street in downtown chattanooga initially served as the southern railway terminal. designed by beaux-arts-trained architect donn barber of new york city, this magnificent architectural gateway to the deep south opened during the christmas…civil rights movementlike other states of the american south, tennessee has a history which includes both slavery and racial segregation. in some ways, however, the history of the relationship between the races in the volunteer state more closely resembles that of a…civil warin 1861, as the nation divided, so did tennessee. in the state's three grand divisions, confederates and unionists fought their own political war to determine which way tennessee would go as the confederate states of america took form in neighboring…david "davy" crockettdavid crockett, frontiersman, tennessee legislator and u.s. congressman, folk hero, and icon of popular culture, was an intriguing composite of history and myth. both the historical figure who died at the alamo and the legendary hero kept alive in the…john bartlett dennisjohn b. dennis, financier and creator of modern kingsport, was born in gardiner, maine, the eldest son of david and julia bartlett dennis. his father was a prominent businessman and president of the merchants national bank of gardiner, and dennis…yolande cornelia "nikki" giovanniwriter nikki giovanni expresses her version of the late twentieth-century african american experience through poetry and essays. though her parents left knoxville after her birth, giovanni returned for summers with her grandparents and graduated from knoxville's austin high school before…national campgroundthe national campground, located in rural loudon county, has held religious camp meetings since the late reconstruction era. in 1873 individuals from congregations representing the presbyterian, cumberland presbyterian, baptist, methodist episcopal church, south, friends (quakers), and the methodist episcopal church…port royal state historic areathe thirty-four-acre site of port royal in montgomery county preserves one of middle tennessee's earliest settlement areas. the first permanent settlers arrived in 1784, and the first meeting of the tennessee county court, north carolina, was held nearby in 1788.…

 


 
 


305 sixth ave. north
nashville, tn 37243
(615) 741-8934
monday – friday
8:00 am – 4:30 pm




online edition © 2002 ~ 2021, the university of tennessee press, knoxville, tennessee. all rights reserved.



functionality and information are in compliance with guidelines established by the american association for state and local history for online state and regional encyclopedias.











 
 
 





		© 2021 tennessee historical society | built by r.squared with ecms wp 



 
 
 
 



close sliding bar area




popular entries lamar alexanderdaniel boonecivil rights movementcivil warcivil war occupationcolumbia race riot, 1946alfred leland crabbcumberland furnacejohn bartlett dennisj.r. "pitt" hyde iii

 

popular images adelicia acklenandrew johnsonandrew johnson national historic sitecordell hulldolly partonnational campgroundopry house and opryland hotelshelby countythe emancipatorwalking horse national celebration

 

recent updates "tennessee" ernie ford101st airborne divisionaaron douglasbeth halteman harwellwilliam edward haslamthe patrons of husbandryworld war iworth, inc.zion presbyterian churchfelix kirk zollicoffer

 





 














































































