     
	masb home
         













































shop







member login







             member portal
        



logout




















learning






learning




                        upcoming events                     

                        masb offers virtual, in-person and hybrid events throughout the year.
                    





                        online learning                     

                        masb is pleased and excited to offer classes to districts that can be done at an individual's own pace.
                    





                        cba program                     

                        the certified boardmember awards program offers school board leaders a way to develop new skills, stay up-to-date on educational issues and earn recognition for development as a school board member.
                    





                        publications and media​ lock 

                        members have access to all publications, podcasts and videos.
                    





                        workshops                     

                        masb is proud to offer trainings throughout the year. we often get requests to offer a custom workshop on site at your district, isd or casba.
                    





                        training reimbursement                     

                        local districts may be reimbursed up to $100 per course for individual board members receiving training intended to develop and enhance board member knowledge of school operations and education law.
                    




featureplan your year aheadwe're excited to announce the release of our 2025 cba schedule! get a head start on your educational leadership journey by planning your professional development for the coming year.
            learn more





advocacy and legislation






advocacy and legislation




                        legislative priorities                     

                        the masb board of directors approved these priorities for the 2023-2024 legislative session. these priorities will guide the work of the government relations staff.
                    





                        state activities​                     

                        links and access to state-related legislative information.
                    





                        national activities                     

                        links and access to national-related legislative information.
                    





                        voter voice                     

                        masb's advocacy site and action center.
                    




featuresign up for alertssign up now to receive our legislative updates and alerts, including the news from the capitol enewsletter. stay informed and stay connected to enhance your advocacy efforts!

            learn more





tools and templates






tools and templates




                        resources lock 

                        for board members, superintendents and superintendent secretaries.
                    





                        toolkits​ lock 

                        find the governance standards, students on boards and the bargaining toolkits here.
                    





                        become a board member                     

                        masb's get on board campaign aims to recruit civic-minded individuals who are passionate about enhancing education for every student. if you are interested in giving back to the community, school board service might be the right opportunity.
                    





                        assessments and evaluations​                     

                        many assessments and evaluations are required by law. find information and tools here.
                    





                        policies​ lock 

                        effective policies are at the core of successful school district governance. maintaining policies that reflect both local oversight and ever-changing state and federal laws is an enormous task.
                    





                        sample agendas and minutes lock 

                        examples of organizational meeting agendas, closed session minutes and more.
                    





                        school foundations​ lock 

                        looking to raise additional money for your district? that's not the only reason why you should have a school foundation.
                    





                        school board recognition month                     

                        an opportunity to build community awareness and understanding about the crucial role an elected board of trustees assumes in a representative democracy.
                    




featuresuperintendent evaluationthe revised school code requires school boards to evaluate their superintendent's job performance annually as part of a comprehensive performance evaluation system that takes into account student growth data and requires certain additional
                factors.learn more





services






services




                        executive search​                     

                        finding the right superintendent for your district isn’t easy. masb’s executive search services helps boards of education with this important process.
                    





                        strategic planning                     

                        assists districts with collecting and analyzing data, presenting data and identifying opportunities for improvement.
                    





                        in-district workshops                     

                        enhance your board's performance and drive positive change with our in-district workshops.
                    





                        legal counsel                     

                        masb’s experienced legal counsel provides board members and superintendents information regarding current school law, recent court decisions and attorney general opinions.
                    





                        labor relations​ lock 

                        providing high-quality labor relations services to michigan's public schools without the high charges of profit-oriented firms.
                    





                        erin lock 

                        a comprehensive online resource for employee relations and contract and negotiation data for school districts in the state of michigan.
                    





                        financial services​ lock 

                        financial incentive services for school districts available as part of masb membership.
                    





                        insurance services​ lock 

                        access available to cost-effective insurance programs as part of masb membership.
                    





                        policy services​ lock 

                        masb is excited about our partnership with neola to offer uniform school policies and guidelines to better serve all michigan school districts.
                    





                        member assistance fund​                     

                        helps defray costs of districts experiencing financial hardship or that see costs as a deterrent to accessing masb services or events.
                    





                        find a job                     

                        search all available education and open superintendent/administrative positions.
                    




featureselecting your next, great superintendentfinding the right superintendent for your district isn’t easy. masb’s executive search services helps boards of education overcome the challenges of searching for a new superintendent by leveraging the full breadth of the association’s resources.learn more










what can we help you find?



                                search 



 commonly searched phrases: 

annual leadership conference
publications
get on board
cba classes
online learning opportunities










about masb
partners and sponsors
directories





















2025 course schedule now available

new year, new goals


elevate your leadership with masb's comprehensive professional development program. join us throughout the year for specialized courses at our institutes in february, may and august, along with our flagship annual leadership conference in october.ready to map out your learning journey? explore our course schedule to see available learning opportunities.


                                learn more 















upcoming events







feb.
20











only 3 days left


2025 winter learning series: guide to mi school data



                                unlock the power of mi school data to transform decision-making with insights into enrollment trends, student outcomes and school accountability—tailored especially for board members! join us to explore the vast resources available within mi school data that support school leaders and local boards of education in decision-making using your district's compliance data.
                            
learn more 
register now 











feb.
20











only 3 days left


cba 101: fundamentals of school board service @ west shore esd



                                whether you just won your election or have been serving your community for some time now, fundamentals of school board service will provide you with both a broad overview of your role in school district governance and explore key aspects of school board work. topics include school board responsibilities, school district structure, effective school board meetings, legal considerations and much more. this course is full of the “just-in-time” information and skills you will need to serve with confidence.
                            
learn more 
register now 











feb.
21











only 4 days left


2025 labor relations workshop



                                is your district prepared for the upcoming bargaining season? if you have contracts that will expire this summer, it's crucial to strategize now and ensure successful negotiations in the months to come. masb's labor relations workshop on friday, feb. 21 will help to strengthen your negotiation season preparedness. we highly recommend several representatives from your district attend—you'll leave with valuable information.
                            
learn more 
register now 







            view full calendar 







popular resources











board member certification (cba) classes


                                    develop new skills, stay up-to-date on educational issues and earn recognition for development as a school board member.
                                













news from the capitol


                                    read the latest on what's happening in lansing and washington, d.c.
                                













publications and media


                                    view members-only e-newsletters, podcasts and magazines.
                                













casbas


                                    county area school board associations are an integral part of masb.
                                













superintendent evaluation


                                    masb is pleased to provide a superintendent evaluation tool and training.
                                













access online learning


                                    compass is our state-of-the-art learning management system.
                                













superintendent secretaries


                                    access resources and tools specific to your role.
                                























countdown to 2025 spring institute



days



hours



minutes



seconds







2025 spring institute

may. 01 - may. 04, 2025

discover the magic of mackinac island at the 2025 spring institute, hosted at the stunning mission point resort! this three-day event offers a perfect blend of professional development and island charm.                    
learn more
register now









 




access masb's erin tool


for years, erin has been a valuable tool for michigan school districts. erin’s data set of collective bargaining agreements, along with its reporting and analysis tools, have streamlined district research processes, empowering them to make the best decisions at the negotiating table.for more information about erin or to obtain a subscription quote for your district, contact our labor relations and legal services department.

contact us

        learn more 























 


1001 centennial way, suite 400 lansing, mi 48917-8249 phone_iphone
517.327.5900
fax
517.327.0775
mail
info@masb.org
learning
tools and templates
advocacy and legislation
services
search
connectfacebook

twitter

youtube

linkedin

learn moreabout masb
partners and sponsors
directories
shoplogin
© copyright 2023 masb
staff directory
privacy policy
terms and conditions
site map

     