







home - the midwest center for holocaust education









































































  


videos  & documentaries
speakers
contact
search
about mche

about mche
contact
new americans and the memorial to the six million
through hell to the midwest – survivor mapping project
board of directors & council of advocates
newsletters
in the news


programs & events

mche common book
murder in the east – spring lunch & learn
book talk – no road leading back
yom hashoah
kansas holocaust commemoration
annual meeting and elections
speakers
european study experience
mche calendar


survivor testimonies
resources

holocaust library
through hell to the midwest – survivor mapping project
primary source documents
frequently asked questions
misconceptions
holocaust books and films for grades 6-12
student resources
educator resources
auschwitz speaker series 2021-2022
fortunoff video archive access


students & educators

through hell to the midwest – survivor mapping project
second generation speakers bureau
white rose student research contest 2024-25
holocaust educator of the year award
graduate research – ruthie research grant
missouri holocaust education mandate


membership and giving

mche membership
tributes and gifts of remembrance
general donation
corporate and business sponsorship
european study experience
mche financial disclosures and policy









search












search



 





honoring the past, protecting the future
the midwest center for holocaust education teaches the history of the holocaust, applying its lessons to counter indifference, intolerance, and genocide. 



become a sustaining member


about mche









 

programs & events  
spring 2025 lunch and learn seriesmurder in the east: investigating the einsatzgruppenmche’s spring lunch and learn series examines the role of the einsatzgruppen in the holocaust. participants will learn from a combination of lecture, reading, hands on work with primary sources, and group discussion. this program is offered both in-person on thursdays and on zoom on fridays. registration is required. click here for complete details and registration 
february 20, 2025 at 6:30 pm on zoommche common book programthe counterfeit countess: the jewish woman who rescued thousands of poles during the holocaustthe public is invited to join mche historian dr. shelly cline for a discussion of the book with authors elizabeth b. white and joanna sliwa.register for the zoom
march 4, 2025 at 7 pm at the jewish community campusbook talk – no road leading backjoin mche historian for this moderated conversation with author chris heath, author of no road leading back. this program is part of the acclaimed author series offered by jewish experiences.complete details and registration 



through hell to the midwest – a mapping project of local survivors
“through hell to the midwest” is a mapping project that traces the stories of survivors who settled in the kansas city area. using oral history testimony collected by the midwest center for holocaust education and dually housed in the fortunoff archive at yale university. dr. amber nickell, professor hollie marquess, and student sarah keiss from the fort hays state university history department have mapped these survivors and their experiences. each map tells the story of one holocaust survivor, tracing their steps from their hometowns in central and eastern europe, through their holocaust experiences to their new lives in kansas and missouri.


beyond broken glass – an original dance featuring local survivor testimony





fall 2024 newsletter and 2024 impact report














                        learn from the survivors.                        




explore testimonies 





 




frank adler                                                                                frank adler was born franz julius schwarzadler,  in 1923 in frankfurt, germany. as the only child in an affluent family frank enjoyed many cultural activities and a rich jewish and secu…
                                    


 




ethel ardow                                                                                ethel obornik was born in bedzin, poland….
                                    


 




ralph berets                                                                                ralph berets parents and older sister fled to holland from germany after adolf hitler came to power. his father financed the move by converting their assets into diamonds and gold and s…
                                    


 




esther bergh                                                                                esther laster was born in 1924 in munich, germany. she lived there with her family until january 1939 when she was placed on the first kindertransport out of munich. esther spent the wa…
                                    


 




warner bergh                                                                                warner silberberg was born in germany in 1923. at the end of october 1938, 15-year-old warner left berlin with his parents to begin a journey that crossed three continents, leaving behi…
                                    


 




evelyn bergl                                                                                evelyn arzt was born in vienna in 1931. on kristallnacht, her father was arrested. after nearly a year in buchenwald and dachau, he was released on condition that he leave austria in 24…
                                    


 




zdenko bergl                                                                                zdenko bergl, an only child, grew up in zabno, croatia, a small town with only five jewish families. zdenko played soccer, attended public school, and had hebrew lessons on sunday. the …
                                    


 




felicia brill                                                                                felicia sussman was born in 1922 in vienna, austria. she enjoyed a comfortable life as the only child of her parents with a large extended family. shortly after the annexation of austri…
                                    


 




margalith clarenberg                                                                                margalith clarenberg was born in germany in 1928 but later moved to holland with her parents. twice during the german occupation margalith’s mother received an order to report for reset…
                                    


 




ilsa cole                                                                                ilsa dahl grew up in geilenkirchen, germany where her family had lived for generations. they were observant jews and patriotic germans, and ilsa’s father had served in the german army d…
                                    


 




iser cukier                                                                                iser cukier (born iser cukrowski) the youngest of seven children, was born in częstochowa, poland, where his family owned a large bakery that was located in the same building as their a…
                                    


 




tola cukier                                                                                tola gottlieb was born in 1924 in sosnowiec, poland to an observant jewish family. one of four siblings, tola remembers that though her family was not wealthy, they had what they needed…
                                    










news
mche statement on the defense intelligence agency’s pause on holocaust remembrancejanuary 31, 2025learn morereflecting on the year since october 7 – remarks delivered at a community commemoration on october 1, 2024october 6, 2024learn moremche statement regarding hate speech on campusesdecember 8, 2023learn more

show more news stories



 


find more upcoming events.



see all events











your contributions power our mission.
support our mission to teach the history of the holocaust, applying its lessons to counter indifference, intolerance, and genocide.
learn more 













                        featured resources                        




see all resources 








holocaust history
dr. jeffrey herf – the jewish enemy: nazi propaganda during world war ii and the holocaust 







holocaust history
dr. william meinecke – building the racial state 







holocaust history
visualizing genocide: the auschwitz album and the process of genocide – dr. fran sternberg – auschwitz speaker series 
















be a part of our future. our mission is to teach the history of the holocaust, applying its lessons to counter indifference, intolerance, and genocide.
consider making a gift today.

donate 

get in touch with us.  5801 west 115th street ste #106, overland park, ks 66211
(913) 327-8192
info@mchekc.org


contact us 







about mche
membership and giving
contact



© 2025 the midwest center for holocaust education. all rights reserved.













































