




everything you need to know about fertility


























































































international (english)





finland (finnish)
                            



france
                            



germany
                            



japan
                            



norway
                            



portugal
                            



russia
                            



switzerland
                            










































understanding fertility




        understand the reproductive system
        
        
    



        maximize your fertility
        
        
    



        causes of infertility
        
        
    



        fertility tests
        
        
    



        egg&sperm donation
        
        
    





fertility treatment




        what to expect?
        
        
    



        understand the hormones
        
        
    



        ovulation induction (oi)
        
        
    



        intrauterine insemination (iui)
        
        
    



        in vitro fertilization (ivf)
        
        
    



        intracytoplasmic sperm injection (icsi)
        
        
    



        surgical options
        
        
    



        tailored ivf treatment
        
        
    





after treatment




        unsuccessful fertility treatment?
        
        
    



        next steps after failed cycle
        
        
    





fertility preservation




        egg freezing
        
        
    



        other options
        
        
    





resources




        articles
        
        
    



faq




        glossary
        
        
    



        fertility guidance questionnaire
        
        
    


































































                            submit
                        









































understanding fertility





                                deepen your understanding of your body and the causes of infertility, and discover how to maximize your chances of conceiving
                            

learn more










fertility treatment





                                discover the treatment options available to you including oi, iui, ivf, icsi and surgery and understand what to expect from them
                            

learn more










after treatment





                                discover why a treatment cycle may be unsuccessful and what options you have available to you next
                            

learn more










fertility preservation





                                considering preserving your fertility for the future? find out more about egg, sperm, ovarian and testicular tissue freezing
                            

learn more




















every fertility journey is unique












it can be both an exciting and overwhelming experience. fertility.com is here to provide information that will support you throughout this journey, whether you are the one undergoing treatment or it’s someone you know. delve into our content to learn about your options and feel empowered to take action and seek help from a specialist if you are experiencing challenges to conceive.
















do you think you have fertility problems?


take this quiz for personalised information and guidance.


start now








resources














egg retrieval explained: the process, recovery and what to expect





                                egg retrieval is a key stage in in vitro fertilisation (ivf) and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (icsi). this minimally invasive procedure involves collecting mature eggs from a patient’s ovaries, which are then either fertilised in a laboratory to create embryos or cryopreserved for future use. the process is typically carried out after ovarian stimulation, where hormonal medications are used to induce the development of multiple eggs in the ovaries.
                            

learn more










                        planning for the future: what to know now for later
                     




                                parenthood may not be on your radar right now, but understanding your fertility is an important part in planning for the future. taking proactive steps to preserve your fertility can help keep your options open later in life. in recent years, women in the eu have been having their first child later in life, with the average age rising to 29.4 years in 20191. importantly, this trend has been seen across all member states1.
                            

learn more










                        why support matters in fertility treatment
                     




                                today, over 40 years since its initially controversial introduction, in vitro fertilization (ivf) has become a widely accessible and successful treatment for infertility worldwide1. recent statistics show that approximately 12 million children have been born through ivf1 , and each year, more than 2.5 million cycles are performed, leading to over half a million successful births2.
                            

learn more










                        different roles in fertility treatment
                     




                                aim: to shed light on the roles of fertility specialists, andrologists, fertility nurses, and embryologists in fertility treatment.
                            

learn more










                        navigating fertility challenges with pcos
                     




                                polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos) is a common hormonal disorder affecting 8-13% of reproductive-aged women globally1. despite its high prevalence, pcos remains misunderstood and underdiagnosed, with symptoms that vary from person to person; while some may experience irregular or absent periods, others may struggle with excessive hair growth, obesity, or insulin resistance2. this wide range of symptoms makes diagnosing pcos particularly challenging3


learn more










                        who can ivf help conceive?
                     




                                infertility is a challenge that affects 1 in 6 people worldwide1. in many cases, infertility can be treated using assistive reproductive technologies (art), such as intrauterine insemination (iui), in vitro fertilization (ivf) and intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection (icsi). in this article, we’ll explore the different causes of infertility that ivf can help overcome to achieve a pregnancy.
                            

learn more










                        hormone medications during fertility treatment: what to expect
                     




                                hormonal medications play a crucial role in in vitro fertilization (ivf), supporting each stage of the process. while these medications are essential for treatment success, they can bring about a range of physical and mental changes. each phase of treatment involves different hormones, each with potential side effects. understanding these changes and how to manage them can help patients navigate this challenging journey more smoothly.
                            

learn more















































































follow us
on our instagram @fertilitydotcom


















oi, ovulation induction; iui, intrauterine insemination; ivf, in vitro fertilisation; icsi, intracytoplasmic sperm
gl-nonf-02321 september 2023
 
 































about merck
glossary
privacy
terms of use
imprint
change cookie settings

contact us: fertilitysocial@merckgroup.com
follow us on social media















































gl-nonf-02321 september 2023
copyright © 2025 merck kgaa, darmstadt, germany and/or its affiliates. all rights reserved.
















                           cookie disclaimer
                        



we use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website experience. this includes cookies which are necessary for the operation of the app and the website, as well as other cookies which are used solely for anonymous statistical purposes, for more comfortable website settings, or for the display of personalized content. you are free to decide in the cookie settings which categories you would like to permit, except for the necessary cookies. please note that depending on what you select, the full functionality of the website may no longer be available. you may review and change your choices at any time. further information can be found in our privacy statement.





                              accept all cookies
                           



                              cookie settings
                           










                           your settings for the cookies
                        





 necessary
                                    

necessary_0







these cookies are necessary for the website to operate. our website cannot function without these cookies and they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.







 statistics
                                    

statistics_1







in order to continuously improve our website, we anonymously track data for statistical and analytical purposes. with these cookies we can, for example, track the number of visits or the impact of specific pages of our web presence and therefore optimize our content. 







 comfort
                                    

comfort_2







these cookies allow us to provide more comfort for you. for example, previously searched products or services can be reloaded again after revisiting our website and you won’t need to enter all the details again. we can also detect if you need assistance with using our website and therefore offer you direct customer support.







 personalization
                                    

personalization_3







these cookies are used to display personalized content matching your interests. we can display personalized and relevant services to ensure you are always up to date on related offers.







cookie policy
confirm my choices

                              accept all cookies 













disclaimer


by clicking this link, you are leaving fertility.com. please, note that this link will take you to a website оn which different privacy policy and conditions may apply. merck accepts no responsibility for websites not controlled directly by us. please check privacy policy and conditions of the linked website.



proceed


go back



















welcome to fertility.com


help us direct you to the right information by selecting one of the following options:





i am interested in fertility




i am a healthcare professional



























