


all about maltese dogs - maltese only since 1995























 the largest & most complete maltese dog website in the world since 1995        




if you came here looking for reliable information about maltese dogs, you've come to the right place!
this  website provides a multitude of information on the health, care and training of a maltese.

 
			




"i am in the process of "rescuing" a maltese. i came here looking for basic information. what a magnificent job you have done with this site. many, many thanks, not only for the graphics and mechanics, but for the straightforward, intelligent, accurate and useful information about the breed"--akc licensed judge

"this site covers maltese dogs and their care, and ownership in general, so thoroughly, that it is of great value to any dog owner. in other words, despite its name, this site is certainly not for maltese only"
						- -audrey pavia, formerly managing editor of dog fancy and senior editor of the akc gazette;
						- - betsy sikora siino, two-time winner of the maxwell medallion.












maltese dog gifts, collectibles, trinkets and more. new items added daily. great selection of grooming supplies and maltese dog related  items on the internet. check out   maltsmart® with online shopping cart. open 24 hours a day. 






a message from the creator of maltese only, contact info and website policy at bianco's back office.


 maltsmart promo on you tube

maltese photo album has more than 1,000 photos of your maltese dog or puppy dating back to 1995. includes some of the most beautiful maltese dogs in the world.











.











maltese only site map





 


  what to ask a maltese breeder?  

searching for a maltese puppy can become very frustrating to say the least. get prepared. you want to read this informative article on what to ask that breeder of maltese dogs.  a personal recommendation from a satisfied owner is an excellent way to find a maltese dog breeder. ask any of your maltese owning friends or perhaps a veterinarian. they may know of a maltese breeder and would know about the quality of the pups. be prepared with some questions to ask the maltese breeder.....
 
 

maltese forum archives

1500+ selected topics taken from the maltese discussion forum over the past 6 years. excellent advice and suggestions on raising your maltese puppy and adults can be found here.
 please bear in mind when reading topics pertaining to health issues, that many of these questions were answered by helpful maltese owners with no formal education in veterinarian medicine. when in doubt seek a professionals advise.



tear stain articles

tear stain faq by jay bianco
									the most frequently asked questions with regards to the tearstain in maltese dogs.
 
tear stain by marjorie martin
									award winning article written by the late marjorie martin. a must to read. 

factors to eliminate tear staining by tonia holibaugh
									top winning show breeder and handler, tonia holibaugh's article on tear staining and how to help eliminate them. 

monthly newsletter 

read all about it! maltese dog news, birthdays, announcements, new additions, jokes and 's gossip column is just a small part of this online publication. find out what is happening at maltese only. get all of the articles, special reports, new stuff and cool stuff, right in your mailbox! free! join over 6,700 subscribers worldwide by signing up today.







maltese stages of growth
									development of a newborn maltese puppy until 12 weeks of age. very interesting. 
stay white tear stain remover
specifically made for maltese dogs. product sold internationally with remarkable results.  
maltese standard
									the american standard for the maltese approved by the american kennel club december 1963.


maltese club standard (1909)
maltese dog breed standard (u.k.)
maltese dog breed standard (italy)




new pup homecoming age
									article that gives good insight on the appropriate age to bring your new malese puppy home.
maltese ear care
									good preventative ear care can eliminate needless trips to your veterinarian and save a lot of discomfort for your maltese. excellent article bydennis w. thomas, dvm. 


fleas and heartworm
									information about fleas & heartworm. 
major flea control products
									compare the flea and tick control products on the market today to see which one is right for you. 


vaccination schedule
									schedule that for vaccinating maltese puppies. facts and fallacies about canine immunization
annual vaccinations may not be necessary 
									new veterinary recommendations that could eliminate annual shots for your maltese. 
									 

common diseases
									a list and brief description of some of the diseases to watch out for. 
also an excellent article on lyme disease 



internal parasites
									all about internal parasites. 
rabies info
									what you should and need to know about rabies. 


grooming
grooming your maltese by jay & bev bianco
									lots of good tips. maltese ears, toenail care, removing mats, bathing, teeth cleaning and more is discussed.
brush-outs by the late marjorie martin
									maltese coats are truly at the mercy of brushes. unless the hair is kept very short, it needs regular brushing to prevent snarl-ups. good reading on this subject.
hand washable by the late marjorie martin
									how to keep your maltese naturally white and silky. interesting well written article. 

maltese origin
									exact origins of the maltese breed are still debated today. article written by larry stanberry with information coming from the history and evolution of the breed - particularly from a book by nick cutillo titled the complete maltese.

when your maltese gets old
									just like older people, caring for your elderly maltese require special health needs, and require a little more care and attention than they did when they were younger. 


before you ship--read this
									thinking about shipping your maltese dog by air? you will want to read this first.
housebreaking your maltese
									maltese generally housebreak quite easily. helpful hints for housebreaking and crate training. 


kennel cough
									it is important not to blame kennel cough just on kennels. dont be misled by the name.
your maltese dental health
									read how periodontal disease begins, its treatment and preventing problems. 


maltese skin allergies & diet
									milly miller tells us about bobby and his fight against allergies.
if your maltese were human
									age comparison chart. 


dangerous houseplants
									most people don't know that many houseplants are toxic to their maltese. here is a list of dangerous houseplants and things you can do.
liver shunts in maltese dogs
									most frequently asked questions regarding liver shunts. the signs, diagnosis and treatment. extremely informative complete with illustrations about this horrible disease. 


petfood - the lowdown on labels
									choosing a pet food for your maltese from among the cans, bags, and boxes stacked on store shelves can be a daunting experience. become well informed.
when to call the vet
									for maltese owners who are uncertain when to call the veterinarian. sometimes time can mean a matter of life and death. know when to call your veterinarian! 


puppyproofing your home
									as a responsible pet owner, steps should be taken to eliminate some of the common hazards around your home when bringing in your new maltese pup.
choosing a veterinarian
									selecting a veterinarian that is right for you and your maltese isn't always easy. the four most important things to look for. 


spaying & neutering maltese
spaying & neutering procedures
									text article on the procedures of spaying or neutering your maltese.
 maltese rescue
									save a life. adopt from an animal shelter or maltese rescue
anxiety attacks in maltese
separation anxiety
									not understanding where you or your family has gone or if you will ever return, your maltese can exhibit signs of extreme anxiety.
car anxiety
									many maltese love the car. they love to look out the window. they love to go for a ride. some maltese, however, hate the car.
moving anxiety & stresses
									moving stress on your pet can be eased with some common sense....



excercising your maltese
									people should take a good look at their maltese and see if their dog would benefit from regular exercise. the number one reason dogs should exercise is to maintain their weight. more on the subject here. 
barking & chewing 
barking
									barking is a normal, natural behavior for dogs. it relieves tension. however, we need to control the behavior when possible.

chewing
									it is inappropriate chewing, the rug, the furniture, your shoes, that is usually not appreciated. read about what you can do to.



maltese puppies & outrageous prices
									no, the maltese is not a "cheap" pet. "properly bred and reared and judiciously priced , the pet purchased from a reputable and responsible breeder, even if it cost $1000 is worth every penny", says larry stanberry in this article.
allergies -- fact & fiction
									it's not surprising that myths and misconceptions about maltese and allergies exist. some are factual to a degree, but others are totally incorrect and often influence our attitudes or knowledge about dealing with sensitivities to pets. jay bianco's article is a must to read by anyone concerned with allergy reactions to dogs. 


collasping trachea in maltese 
									a day does not go by when someone doesn't ask about why their maltese makes these sounds like they can't breathe. this excellent article by jay bianco will help you understand what might be going on.
first aid and your maltese
									if you hope to be effective in administering veterinary first aid, plan ahead! 


books on maltese dogs
									recommended reading to learn more about maltese dogs.
papers & pedigree
									while many people are well informed as to what papers are and what a pedigree is, just as many are misinformed and don't quite understand or are misled as to exactly what is meant by these two terms. 


how to do topknots
									instructions along with illustrations on exactly how those topknots are done on your maltese.
naming your new maltese
									you just got a new maltese and can't come up with a name? here are several thousand suggestions. 


cold weather tips
									when winter's cold weather moves in across much of the country there are a number of things you should do to "winterize" your maltese. 
your maltese & estate planning
									to ensure that your beloved maltese will continue to receive good care should something unexpected happen to you, it's critical to plan ahead. 


maltese humor
why did the maltese cross the road? you have to read maltese humor to find out. the answer may surprise you!
a rose within
									a beautiful java presentation. got to see it. 


 guide to animal poisons
									many things around your home can be toxic to you & your maltese dogs. here you will find a partial list. we will try to keep this list current.
puppy lemon laws
									many states now have puppy lemon laws. see if your state is one of them. know your rights.


survey says!
1998 maltese survey results
rainbow bridge
									a beautiful poem by an unknown author.






 top 10 maltese 1997-2007
									* top 10 maltese for 1997
									* top 10 maltese for 1998
									* top 10 maltese for 1999
									* top 10 maltese for 2000
									* top 10 maltese for 2001
									* top 10 maltese for 2002
									* top 10 maltese for 2003
									* top 10 maltese for 2004
* top 10 maltese for 2005
* top 10 maltese for 2007                                                                  

 
 

 maltese specialty shows
									show results and photos from the following shows:
1989 (parsippany, nj)
1996 (minneapolis, mn)
1997 (millbrae, ca)
1998 (harrisburg, pa)
1999 (new orleans, la)
2000 (las vegas, nv)
2001 (charleston, sc)
2002 (dallas, tx)
2003 (ontario, ca)
2004 (orlando, fl)
2005 (overland park, ks)
all winners (1966-present) 



 what is a puppy mill?
									beverly passe's excellent 1998 commentary on puppymills.
how dogs think
									have you ever seen a device or a program designed to correct a dog behavior problem that explained how smart dogs are and how they think?


 microchip identification
									this rice-sized microchip..... can bring your maltese dog home.
your maltese dogs diet
									should you supplement your dogs diet? what can you do to improve the skin and coat on your maltese? these are some of the things talked about here.







pet shop puppies
									no responsible breeder, no matter what the quality of the dogs they produce, the amount of winning, the number of chs in the pedigree, will ever ever ever sell puppies through a pet shop.



 



maltese only privacy policy
									the maltese only website takes the privacy of our readers very seriously. more..... 
white shaker dog syndrome
									idiopathic cerebellitis. an acute onset of tremor is seen primarily in small, white, adult dogs. read more about white shaker dog syndrome here. 
 




2024 maltese dog calendars at  maltsmart.


the 2024 maltese dog wall calendars are currently sold out at our maltese store. check back!



 












						/




can't find what you're looking for?
			type in keyword(s) to search:
  master.com.content

(search does not include 1574+ pages of archived discussion forum messages)





maltese only created by jay bianco
			©1995-2025 all rights reserved 




			 





