

ecfans.com - jean auel's earth's children community since 1996 - explore the series with fellow fans from around the world.











ecfans.com


ecfans.com
auelboard
auelpage
alt-auel
auelfaq









close ã—
ecfans.com
auelboard
auelpage
alt-auel
auelfaq














global fans


fans from these places have signed my guestbook, posted on our forums or sent me email:


argentina
austria
australia
belgium
bosnia-herzegovina
botswana
brazil

canada:


alberta
british columbia
manitoba
new brunswick
nova scotia
ontario
prince edward island
quã©bec
saskatchewan


catalunya
chile
costa rica
croatia
czech republic
denmark
england
finland
france
germany
gibraltar
greece
hong kong
hungary
iceland
indonesia
ireland
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jordan
latvia
malaysia
mexico
namibia
the netherlands
new zealand
nigeria
northern ireland
norway
oman
peru
phillipines
poland
portugal
romania
russia
saudi arabia
scotland
serbia
singapore
slovenia
south africa
spain
sweden
switzerland
uruguay

united states of america:


alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north dakota
north carolina
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington, dc
washington state
west virginia
wisconsin


venezuela
wales
yugoslavia
zimbabwe











the earth's children series
jean m. auel's novels, following ayla's journey, started as a six chapter short story in 1976. each chapter ended up being the outline for one book in the series.

the sixth and last book, the land of painted caves, was published in march of 2011.  there is no book seven and there never was a plan for one.
 
   






site sections



the auelboard - our global discussion community


we've pretty much got something for everyone here and hope you decide to join us! take a look at our main discussion areas:

exploring the ec world - jean's books in 5 languages, early peoples, daily living skills and ayla's herbs
personal contact with an ec flavor - summer meetings & gatherings, journey groups and auel valley's camps & hearths
alternative reading options - fan fiction, original writing and alternate reading recommendations and discussion
off-topic discussion & fun - hang out with your board friends, discuss off-topic happenings and play games.





the auelpage - reviving more of the original website content


the auelpage was the original website, way back in ancient times (as far as the internet is concerned). i'm trying to work through archived files of still interesting, fun content, so keep an eye out!

in this area, you'll find a small collection about ayla's herbs from the first four books, book translations, ec book quizzes and margaret's corner of ayla's world.
 


alt-auel - alternate reading recommendations


when you're looking for something new to read, we've got a whole section filled with ideas.  alt-auel reading has a list of 163 books, organized by time period. we've got a quiz about authors using pen names, some books jean has recommended in interviews or haswritten reviews and forwards about, and few items of jean's non-ec work.  if that doesn't do it for you, try the forums in the auelboard's alternative reading options section. 
  





ecfans history
this amazing community started in june 1996 at geocities.com with one page and a guestbook. just like the movie, field of dreams, i built it, and they came. and they're still coming! the site grew as more and more people asked questions, looking for a "jean auel" fix during the wait for the shelters of stone and the land of painted caves. we changed servers and discussion forums several times the first handful of years or so before landing here at ecfans.com.
if you're new here, welcome!  you've just found the most friendly, generous, helpful, wonderful people i've ever known - all drawn together by the magic of jean auel's work, from all over this crazy world of ours. through this site, i've found amazing friends - many who have been with me since the beginning.  i hope you find the same.
i'm in the process of combing through almost 25 years of web content to try and 'modernize' the parts that are still fun and useful, so be sure and check back from time to time. - diane






site update tidbits

on researching the waay back old information on my computer about the auelpage beginnings, i just discovered eric pettifor's archaeology project called cooking clan of the cave bear style! is still online!!!  if you've never read it, it's a must read at http://eric.pettifor.org/cooking


eric had a discussion forum for archaeology that ended up being taken over by jean auel fans.  because of that, he contacted me back in 1997 maybe? - asking if i'd like to adopt it.  that was our start in the discussion forum arena, still going strong all these years later - after a few incarnations!



on the original auelpage, back in 1996, i posted a brief biography about jean i had put together partially using an online biography of jean written in dutch.  i translated what i could using a how to teach yourself dutch book from my local library. talk about a challenge!  a lifetime of english and a smattering of spanish wasn't all that helpful.



in 2019, amazon marketplace sellers received a notice about their shelters of stone book listings saying:
"this product has been identified as a rhino male enhancement supplement. rhino male enhancement supplements are prohibited for listing or sale by amazon policy."



talking about banning books - here's an interesting blog post on the topic, entitled this post has been flagged for controversy. do not read.


possibly prompted by research for the valley of the horses, jean and her husband ray donated three wolf pups to the portland zoo.  jean's husband, ray, joined a local canoe club in oregon for a while at the beginner level while jean was working on the mammoth hunters ~ perhaps helping jean with research?










ecfans.com - 
  top of page


ecfans / auelpage since june 1996 - brought to you by diane in cincinnati - powered by w3.css






