


world's largest catsup bottle official web site and fan club












			 
			











 


for more up to the minute news and info, ketchup with us on facebook and instagram!






			 

			


welcome to the official 
world's largest catsup bottle® 
web site and fan club! 
collinsville, illinois u.s.a. 
join us as we celebrate over 70 years of
						roadside architecture at its best.
the world's largest catsup bottle® stands proudly next to route 159, just south of downtown collinsville, illinois. this unique 170 ft. tall water tower was built in 1949 by the w.e. caldwell company for the g.s. suppiger catsup bottling plant - bottlers of brooks old original rich & tangy catsup. 
in 1995, due to the efforts of the catsup bottle preservation group, this landmark roadside attraction was saved from demolition and beautifully restored to its original appearance. 
recognized the world over as an excellent example of 20th century roadside americana, the world's largest catsup bottle regularly garners national attention and attracts visitors and tourists every day. 
in august of 2002 it was named to the national register of historic places. 
						 



ketchup with us on:







looking for something specific? give it a search!


   














 
			

















featured for the holiday gift giving season!





christmas ornaments 
 each  brass ornament comes with a red ribbon in a protective sleeve with a commemorative information insert card.
						 the ornament is also stamped on the back with the catsup bottle website address and "made in u.s.a." the sleeve measures 5" x 5" and the ornament measures 3.25" x 2.25". $18.00 each.
click to our merchandise page.




architectural blueprint poster
						inspired by the original architectural design drawings created by w.e. caldwell tank company way back in 1949. this poster has a dark blue background with white image. printed on semi-gloss high-quality paper stock. size 16" x 20" (not quite poster size but very nice for framing) $29 each - rolled/unframed.
click to our merchandise page.




architectural poster print
						inspired by the original architectural design drawings created by w.e. caldwell tank company way back in 1949. this poster has a parchment paper background with black image. printed on semi-gloss high-quality paper stock. size 16" x 20" (not quite poster size but very nice for framing) $29 each - rolled/unframed.
click to our merchandise page.




illinois tourism poster
						reprinted from the 2006 illinois bureau of tourism poster campaign featuring beautiful vintage-style paintings of unique illinois destinations. printed on semi-gloss high-quality paper stock. size 24" x 36" (full poster size and suitable for framing) $49 each - rolled/unframed.
click to our merchandise page.








instagram: catsupbottle
facebook: facebook.com/catsupbottle





 


  



contact info:
world's largest catsup bottle® 
collinsville, illinois 62234 usa 
618-344-8775 

email: catsupbottle[@]me[dot]com



©1998-2024 world's largest catsup bottle, inc. this site created september 6, 1998. 
			 
back to top  •  legal stuff  
proceeds from merchandise sales go to the mission of the non-profit organization to promote the catsup bottle water tower as a roadside attraction while having community involvement and educating the public about heritage tourism.





















