




welcome to the unc department of genetics | department of genetics




























































 
























skip to the end of the utility bar



unc school of medicine



unc chapel hill

unc health

intranet

login









skip to main content











search_for:


search




      search this site

      search unc school of medicine











toggle navigation




department of genetics



home
faqs
graduate education
research centers
people 

administration and staff
professors and distinguished professors
associate professors
assistant professors
joint & secondary faculty
clinical faculty
adjunct faculty
emeritus faculty
retired faculty


news
events
initiate grant submission
mental health & wellness
give
 



 

 






ranked first in nih funding among peer public schools of medicine.

department news
february 18, 2025julianne o’daniel promoted to clinical professorms. julianne o’daniel, ms, cgc, has been promoted to clinical professor in the department of genetics, effective january 1, 2025.read morefebruary 11, 2025adriana beltran receives unc elevate awarddr. adriana beltran, phd (associate professor, genetics) has received an elevate fixed-term faculty development award from the committee on faculty leaves and awards, unc provost office.read morefebruary 6, 2025department of genetics publications for january 19th – february 1st, 2025department of genetics faculty, postdocs, students and collaborators published 17 papers during january 19th - february 1st 2025.read morefebruary 6, 2025microrna responsible for sex differences in cardiac physiology, diseaseresearchers in the laboratories of frank l. conlon, phd, professor of biology and genetics, and bill marzluff, phd, kenan distinguished professor of biochemistry and biophysics, have pinpointed small molecules that greatly affect differences in heart health in men and women. these results uncover one of the molecular reasons behind sex disparities in heart disease.read more 
more…

message from our chair


fernando pardomanuel-de-villenachairprofessorunc department of genetics
we advance fundamental, translational, and clinical research in genetics and genomics through innovation, education, and collaboration.
our graduate programs train students to be creative, sophisticated research scientists prepared to pursue careers focused in genetics and genomics working in academic science, government, or commercial positions.   students conduct their dissertation research using diverse experimental approaches – from classical genetics to the most modern molecular methods – to address a broad range of contemporary problems in biomedical science.
the department also includes a clinical arm focused on medical genetics, which covers the broad spectrum of clinical genetic research from disease prevention to diagnosis and treatment. this specialty includes evaluation, mutation discovery, counseling and risk assessment through analysis and genetic testing. locating the clinical group alongside basic scientists facilitates integration of cutting edge genetic research with patient care.




unc edge genomics
 
unc edge genomics is an innovative 2-year summer research program that provides training in research skills, career education, and mentoring to undergraduate careers who are interested in careers in genomics.


highlighted faculty
kristy lee, ms, cgc professor
kristy lee, ms, cgc
professor
the department of genetics is proud to highlight professor, ms. kristy lee, for her excellence in clinical service, research, and service.  ms. lee’s scientific expertise, clinical experience, teaching excellence, and service to the community exemplifies her long-standing commitment to the utilization of genetics in healthcare.
read full story.



upcoming events
feb19wednesday – department of genetics colloquium: cancelledwednesday 12:00 pmfeb20thursday – bcb student seminar series: eberhard & connellythursday 10:00 amfeb21friday – gmb/bcb seminar series: berkley gryderfriday 12:00 pmfeb25tuesday – gmb student seminar series: gural & foxtuesday 9:00 amfeb26wednesday – department of genetics colloquium: sarah schoenrockwednesday 12:00 pmfeb28friday – gmb/bcb seminar series: julia mackfriday 12:00 pmmar05wednesday – department of genetics colloquium: ageliki tsagaratouwednesday 12:00 pmmar06thursday – bcb student seminar series: videgar-laird, lobanov, & nallathambithursday 10:00 am
view more events…


genetics in the news

 genetics newsmicrorna responsible for sex differences in cardiac physiology, disease january 31, 2025eight psychiatric disorders share the same genetic causes, study says january 23, 2025unc scientists discover new details of gene regulation november 26, 2024let sleeping babies lie: scientists highlight negative impacts of sleep disruption on early brain development october 23, 2024researchers create new system to decode genetic risk for psychiatric disorders october 3, 2024
more…











find us genetics
120 mason farm road
5000 d, genetic medicine building
cb#7264
unc-chapel hill
chapel hill, nc 27599-7264
united states
directions & parking

contact department  primary contact for administration tel: (919) 843-6475
report a web issue
please email john cornett with issues navigating the site.
for genetics department members
initiate grant submission process
for faculty/staff

contact clinic  primary contact for appointments: 919-843-8724
patients & providers: 919-843-8724

make a gift! 
 

 











 © 2025 department of genetics

accessibility
privacy statement
intranet


notice of privacy practices
aviso de practicas privadas
nondiscrimination notice
aviso de no discriminacion


surprise billing and good faith estimate notices
avisos de facturas médicas sorpresas y avisos de presupuestos de buena fe



















 



