








	philadelphia district, u.s. army corps of engineers


















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
philadelphia district & marine design center  website










®








           about
        



           mission
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           history
        
 



           business with us
        



           small business
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           abington environmental infrastructure improvement
        
 

           beltzville dam
        



           beltzville dam master plan
        
 



           blue marsh lake
        



           harmful algal bloom information
        
 

           blue marsh lake master plan
        
 



           francis e. walter dam
        



           reevaluation study
        
 



           prompton & jadwin dam
        



           jadwin dam safety modification study
        
 

           prompton dam & reservoir master plan
        
 



           chesapeake & delaware canal
        
 

           coastal dredging & beneficial use
        



           scotch bonnet project
        
 



           coastal storm risk management
        



           absecon island storm damage reduction
        
 

           brigantine coastal storm risk management project
        
 

           cape may inlet to lower township
        
 

           delaware coastal storm risk management
        
 

           great egg harbor inlet to townsends inlet
        
 

           long beach island storm damage reduction
        
 

           lower cape may meadows-cape may point
        
 

           manasquan inlet to barnegat inlet
        
 

           ocean city/peck beach project
        
 

           townsends inlet to cape may inlet
        
 



           delaware inland bays study
        
 

           delaware river main channel deepening
        
 

           eastwick flood risk management study
        
 

           environmental infrastructure
        
 

           indian river inlet
        
 

           nassau county back bays study
        
 

           new jersey back bays study
        
 

           public notices & reports
        
 

           surveys
        
 



           emergency management
        
 

           military programs
        
 

           regulatory
        



           consultants
        
 

           section 408
        
 

           contacts
        
 

           district boundaries
        
 

           faqs
        
 

           forms
        
 

           jurisdictional determinations
        
 

           permits
        



           ip
        
 

           nwp
        



           nwp regulations
        
 



           spgp
        
 



           public notices
        
 

           regulations
        
 

           pay permit fee
        
 

           aquaculture
        
 



           environmental & interagency services
        
 

           marine design center
        



           vessel factsheets
        
 



           fusrap
        



           fusrap background
        
 

           chambers works site
        
 

           newsletters & public notices
        
 

           administrative record
        
 



           factsheets
        



           delaware factsheets
        
 

           new jersey factsheets
        
 

           pennsylvania factsheets
        
 

           maryland factsheets
        
 





           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           media
        



           news releases
        
 

           images
        
 

           northern area photo contest
        
 

           speaking opportunities
        
 



           library
        



           contact
        



           rss
        
 

           usace office locating map
        
 















































coastal storm risk management
the district maintains dune and beachfill and seawall projects along approximately 100 miles of new jersey and delaware coastline

coastal storm risk management











chesapeake & delaware canal
usace maintains five highway bridges along this 14-mile long, 450-foot wide, 35-foot-deep canal, including: chesapeake city bridge, summit bridge, st. george’s bridge, reedy point bridge, senator roth bridge (sr-1).  

chesapeake and delaware canal overview











recreation at blue marsh lake
 blue marsh lake in berks county, pennsylvania, features many recreational activities including: kayaking, fishing, boating, hiking, horseback riding, outdoor events, and more!

blue marsh lake - home page,facebook page,algal bloom information,blue marsh lake master plan,











flood risk management
constructed in 1961, the francis e. walter dam has prevented millions of dollars in flood damages. it also supports recreation in the lehigh valley with planned fishing and whitewater rafting water releases. the district also owns and operates 4 other dams, including: blue marsh lake, beltzville dam, jadwin dam, and prompton dam.

francis e. walter dam home page,facebook,beltzville damprompton and jadwin dampublic law 84-99 program











navigation
the district maintains 500 miles of navigation channels across the region. the mcfarland, a deep-draft hopper dredge owned and operated by usace philadelphia district, serves in a ready reserve status, operating on the delaware river and responds to urgent dredging missions along the east and gulf coasts. 













dredging and beneficial use
when dredged material is clean, usace looks for opportunities to use the sediment beneficially. examples include restoring degraded marsh and creating islands, which can provide critical habitat for wildlife and enhance coastal resiliency.

coastal dredging and beneficial use of dredged material











district safety
the safety of our team members, our contractors, and the public is usace’s highest priority. photos taken at a fall protection training held by our safety office for our operations and construction team members.

usace safety











support to other agencies 
for more than three decades the district has managed hundreds of millions of dollars of u.s. environmental protection agency superfund, accounting for a major share of the corps’ support to the program nationwide.

environmental and interagency pagefusrap











military construction
the district supports military construction at dover air force base, tobyhanna army depot, and joint base mcguire-dix-lakehurst.  

military programs











centers of expertise
members of our team performing inspections at cape cod bridge in september of 2024.

bridge inspection and evaluation regional center of expertisegroundwater modeling regional center of expertise















most requested


 coastal projects
 blue marsh lake
 francis e. walter dam 
 chesapeake & delaware canal
 employment opportunities
 hydrographic surveys
 contact





current issues 


environmental infrastructure 
new jersey & delaware coastal projects
coastal dredging & beneficial use projects
civil works public notices & reports 
new jersey back bays study






latest news









army corps releases draft report for new jersey back bays study

                12/20/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers has announced the release of a draft report for the new jersey back bays coastal storm risk management study. the draft report outlines an updated plan, which includes...
            


army corps shares update on northern ocean county beachfill

                12/13/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers philadelphia district shared an update regarding periodic nourishment of the manasquan inlet to barnegat inlet (northern ocean county) coastal storm risk management...
            





army corps shares plan for 2025 recreational water releases from francis e. walter dam

                11/20/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps engineers’ philadelphia district shared the 2025 recreation plan for the francis e. walter dam. the plan specifies dates and actions associated with whitewater and fishing releases...
            







view more




































essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the philadelphia district & marine design center  website
the official website of the philadelphia district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to pdpa-nap@usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govplain languagesmall businessopen governmenteeo & sharp


igfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













