






consystec

























services
about us
resources
certifications
contact us












services
about us
resources
certifications
contact us









              consystec - a leader in applying systems engineering to
              intelligent transportation systems (its)
            














a dbe/mbe certified firm

services






systems engineering

              at consystec, nearly everything we do involves the use of the
              systems engineering process.
            

              the systems engineering process provides a structured
              methodology for managing complex systems used in the its field
              and our staff is highly qualified in the practice of systems
              engineering. all projects involve risk. however, consystec helps
              our clients navigate the systems engineering process, reducing
              the risk involved in the project while adhering to fhwa and fta policies.
            

read more








its architectures

              as an industry leader in the development of regional and
              statewide its architectures, consystec is proud to have played a
              key role in developing its architectures for over 90 regions, states
              and countries.
            

              our specialty is working for the public and private sectors to
              develop interoperable and multimodal its architectures. we will
              rapidly and accurately develop stakeholder consensus-based its
              architectures that are usable.
            

read more








its/cv standards

              consystec plays an active role in the area of its and cv standards and
              is a recognized industry leader. we have led the development,
              or, have been involved in, the development of most of the key
              its standards in the past decade, including for connected
              vehicles (cv).
            

              we actively participate on many of the working groups of
              standards development organizations (sdos) related to its/cv
              standards, including the ntcip joint committee, ntcip working
              groups, sae v2x technical committee and iso tc 204.
            

read more








transit data

              its standards are not restricted to highways. consystec
              encourages transit (bus and rail) operators to conform to data
              standards to achieve institutional and technical integration.
              for example, transit schedule data takes many forms: service
              schedules, planning data, real time information, fare data, and
              more.
            

              our transit practice is built around sharing transit related
              data and information among transit agencies, and between transit
              agencies and consumers.
            

read more








its training

              understanding its architecture, its standards, and systems
              engineering can be a daunting task.
            

              that’s why consystec has developed a comprehensive training
              program that focuses on helping clients and government better
              these complex methodologies.
            

              we have developed numerous training courses from online training
              courses to one-time customized in-person training.
            

read more
















            excellence. service. respect.
            values we put into every project.















about us


        consensus systems technologies corporation (consystec) is a dbe / mbe
        / sbe certified firm founded in 2001. at that time, the usdot has just
        enacted the final rule and fta policy on its architectures and standards.
        this rule required the development of regional its architectures within
        four years for regions using federal funding for its projects.
      










our company

          consystec is a leader in applying systems engineering to intelligent
          transportation systems (its), with specialties in its standards and
          its architectures. we develop concept of operations, requirements
          documents, and verification and validation plans for its projects.
        

          because of our leadership and participation in the development of the us
          dot's national its architecture and us its standards, we have
          extensive expertise and experience that gives us a comprehensive
          understanding of both the technical and institutional issues
          associated with the development and deployment of regional its
          planning, as well as, deploying its technology solutions.
        

read more










our approach

          at consystec, our staff is charged with approaching every single
          project we work on, to use the three core values which guide us.
          they are:
        

excellence in everything we do. we do the best possible work
          at all times, whether the effort is big or small.
        

service to our customers. all of our work is centered around
          meeting the goals and objectives of our customers.
        

respect to all individuals. we look past differences in
          opinion to bring a consensus to the outcome of every project.
        

read more










hosted architectures


          the following are hyper-linked its architectures that have been
          developed by consystec. most its architectures are hosted on
          consystec's website, although some are web pages that are found on
          our clients' websites but which were developed by consystec. click
          on any of the links below.
        






– albuquerque, nm


– arkansas


– atlanta regional


– charleston area


– chemung county (ectc)


– chile


– colombia


– connecticut statewide







– district of columbia


– farmington, nm


– hartford area


– hawaii


– louisville (kipda)


–
                mag regional its architecture


– mesilla valley, nm


– new jersey statewide







– new mexico statewide


– new york city


– new york state


–
                ohio


– santa fe, nm


– texas regional


– west virginia statewide



























                consensus systems technologies corporation
              






@ 2024 consystec





links

services
about us
certifications
resources
sitemap




contact us

inquiries@consystec.com
914.248.8466
405 lexington avenue, 9th floor
new york, ny, usa 10174










