






pro bono resource center of maryland













































































































skip to content













nominate an advocate for the pro bono service awards


 


































donate









about us who we are our story our staff our board our funders our projects courtroom advocacy eviction prevention (courtroom advocacy project) debt defense (courtroom advocacy project) home preservation maryland immigrant legal assistance project publications news employment opportunities subscribetrain & volunteer how to volunteer training for legal volunteers statewide pro bono opportunities upcoming clinics & events professional skills academy pro bono rules & reporting retired attorney resources litigation fund lawyer support & resourcespartnerslegal helpevents calendar partners for justice conference maryland pro bono service awards veterans’ legal assistance conference & training national celebration of pro bono pbrc block party: building communities of justiceways to give donate corporate sponsorship community investment tax credit other ways to give




 




×
about us who we are our story our staff our board our funders our projects courtroom advocacy eviction prevention (courtroom advocacy project) debt defense (courtroom advocacy project) home preservation maryland immigrant legal assistance project publications news employment opportunities subscribetrain & volunteer how to volunteer training for legal volunteers statewide pro bono opportunities upcoming clinics & events professional skills academy pro bono rules & reporting retired attorney resources litigation fund lawyer support & resourcespartnerslegal helpevents calendar partners for justice conference maryland pro bono service awards veterans’ legal assistance conference & training national celebration of pro bono pbrc block party: building communities of justiceways to give donate corporate sponsorship community investment tax credit other ways to give










 



















 
img_6755volunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact usallison press conferencevolunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact uscompleting documentsvolunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact uspeace park matte & jadevolunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact usacademy fellowsvolunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact ustraining1-ar2volunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact ustraining looking at boardvolunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact usall staffvolunteers ensuring justicelearn morecontact us 



 




















remembering herbert s. garten
the pro bono resource center of maryland (pbrc) is deeply saddened at the recent passing of herbert s. garten, esq. the garten family has continued to honor his dedication to pro bono service and justice by suggesting that financial contributions in herb's memory be made to pbrc in the hope that others will draw inspiration from his service and example.


read more


 



nominate an advocate for the pro bono service awardsknow of a local lawyer, firm, or member of the judiciary who shows a strong commitment to pro bono service?
each year, the pro bono resource center of maryland, as the pro bono arm of the maryland state bar association, recognizes members of the legal community who have demonstrated an exemplary commitment to pro bono service for those in need through the maryland pro bono service awards. this year, pbrc plans to recognize award recipients during msba’s legal summit and annual meeting.
to nominate an exceptional individual or program for one of the eleven award categories, please visit the link here to view the form and required documentation.


nominate an advocate today


 



pbrc in the news
allison harris, director of pbrc's home preservation project, spoke to the baltimore sun about the importance of exempting all residencies from tax sale due to unpaid water bills, and the underexamined issue of misclassified properties.
“when the state department of assessments and taxation receives word that a homeowner has died, the home’s classification is changed. but after an heir who resides in the home obtains the deed, the home might still be listed in the sdat catalog as not owner-occupied.
'people assume: ‘oh, homeowners are protected,' harris said. 'but because the database is filled with errors about what is or isn’t owner-occupied, homeowners aren’t protected.'"
read more about house bill 59 and the changes to the tax sale system pbrc is advocating for to better protect homeowners.


read today


 



pbrc is now hiring!join our growing pbrc team at this vital moment in the organization's history! as we continue to expand our services and respond to pressing legal needs, pbrc is hiring for positions to assist low-income marylanders seeking legal services.
there are currently positions open as a staff attorney and volunteer manager.
view the full job description, including salary ranges, and apply today!


apply today


 



pbrc now offering community investment tax creditsthis year, pbrc is proud to offer community investment tax credits (citc) for donations of $500 or more. here’s how it works:


50% state tax credit: receive a credit on your maryland state taxes equal to half your donation amount. for example, a $1,000 gift means $500 off your maryland state taxes.


charitable deduction: in addition to the state tax credit, you can still claim the full donation as a deduction on your federal and state taxes.


the bottom line: a $1,000 donation to pbrc could cost you as little as $250 after combining tax savings and credits. your generosity has never gone further! but credits are limited, so act fast. visit probonomd.org/taxcredits to learn more or make your gift today. 


learn more


 



2023 annual report




we are pleased to announce that our 2023 annual report is now online.







read the report


 
































unmet need















there are only 1.49 lawyers for every 10,000 low-income people in maryland.










a community of volunteerspbrc connects lawyers and others with the purpose of serving those in need.
learn more about how you can help.


volunteer opportunities


 










impacting neighborhoodslearn how pbrc is saving homes, helping families, and stabilizing communities.


projects


 



















last year, by the numbers...




















0people impacted
 









0volunteer hours
 









0participants trained
 











$0value of donated legal services
 









0partners
 









$0cost savings to clients
 



















who we arepbrc is maryland’s hub for pro bono (free) civil legal assistance provided by volunteers. equal access to justice is a core value of our nation, yet hundreds of thousands of our state’s residents cannot afford the legal help they desperately need and have no legal guarantee of a lawyer. as the pro bono arm of the maryland state bar association, pbrc plays a unique role as the training, support, innovation, and advocacy center for pro bono. our statewide services include:

offering a professional training and mentoring program with both substantive law and skills building sessions enabling lawyers and others to effectively serve clients
consulting and connecting volunteers with legal nonprofits across maryland
hosting innovative, free legal clinics in the courthouse and community offering immediate legal assistance to low-income families in areas of critical need not yet addressed by other organizations
advocating and organizing to encourage pro bono service and improve the justice system for the communities we serve

 
together, our community of lawyers with purpose is opening the doors of justice for everyone.
 



read moreread less



 



























get updates











get involved











donate





























training for volunteers



pbrc coordinates live and online training programs for volunteer lawyers and others in a variety of substantive law areas in exchange for a pro bono commitment.
















project incubation



pbrc facilitates the incubation of new and innovative pro bono projects targeting the most acute legal needs of the community and engages volunteer lawyers and others in those efforts.
















policy & advocacy



pbrc convenes conferences to strategize ways to enhance the pro bono delivery system, monitors maryland rules and pro bono policies, and advocates for equal access to the justice system.
















volunteer support



pbrc connects lawyers to meaningful pro bono opportunities based on their interests and geographical preferences.
















provider support



pbrc provides resources, support, and technical assistance to public interest legal advocates and promotes collaboration within the maryland legal services community.
















recognition



pbrc recognizes outstanding volunteer lawyers, firms and others for their dedication to the delivery of pro bono civil legal services to maryland’s disadvantaged.
















publications



pbrc prepares and distributes resource guides for legal services providers, advocates, and the general public.







































our story








our staff








our board








our funders




















our projects














eviction prevention












debt defense












home preservation












immigrant legal assistance
























thank you to the following community leaders for their generous support of the pro bono resource center of maryland.








 


 

abell foundation



 

 


 

seal of the administrative office of the courts



 

 


 

bank of america



 

 


 

cole schotz



 

 


 

covid-19 response funding collaborative of greater baltimore



 

 


 

exelon



 

 


 

greater washington community foundation



 

 


 

zanvyl and isabelle krieger fund



 

 


 

maryland bar foundation



 

 


 

maryland department of housing and community development



 

 


 

maryland legal services corporation



 

 


 

leonard & helen r. stulman foundation



 

 


 

the daily record



 

 


 

venable foundation, inc.



 

 


 

wells fargo foundation



 

next
previous







view all funders























pbrc's mission is to champion equitable access to justice for maryland's marginalized communities by providing legal help, pioneering collaboration with partners, and advocating for economic and social justice.









 



































 
about ustrainvolunteerlegal helppartnerseventsways to givecareersprivacy policydonor privacy policy









contactto visit our office, you must make an appointment with a staff member. 
1500 union avenue, suite 2400
baltimore, md 21211
(by appointment only)
office: 410.837.9379
fax: 443.808.0992
 







join our mailing list




























































[copyright-year] pro bono resource center of maryland. all rights reserved.









 
 














