





welcome to small flags































 
 















  











































































































 
 














				celebrating diversity and 
              heritage through recognition of symbols



learn more about our mission and policies
thanks for visiting this site. it works fine 
					(especially for small orders), considering it was built over 
					eleven years ago! however, to see a more modern version of 
					many of our products (flags and patches especially), please 
					visit our "sister site",

www.smallpatches.com
some advantages to the new site:

completely optimized for all your mobile devices,
ability to order multiple products from the same page, 
					(very handy for ordering a larger variety of styles of the 
					same type of product), 
quantity discounts automatically calculated,
an actual "continue shopping" button which this site 
					lacks, and
one of the best searching abilities for flag products in 
					the world! (try entering "celtic" or "scandinavian" or 
					"hoosier"!)

 

click here to go directly to the 
flags 
					products index page 
on the current site.

 
					proudly 
                offers the flags
                of every country in the world as well as every state in the union, 
					all canadian provinces, military branches and other ethnic and 
					religious entities in many different sizes. and not just the kind 
					that wave: from 
				pins and patches to 
				umbrellas and 
					sunglasses, we have an amazing array of products with flags 
					on them. we also carry some fun geographic materials such as
				maps, 
				
				games, puzzles and earth art.
this site is 
				organized into two different "views" you may use 
				depending on your shopping style.





our traditional website we call the 
showcase site 
					(where you are now). it has products organized by type, with 
					lots of helpful information about each type of product. 
					there are lots of pictures and a friendly feel throughout. 
					browse around. ready to find out more about the pricing of 
					an item or to begin your purchasing? the detail product 
					links in the showcase site will transfer you to our shopping 
					site.


 
 





our shopping site is based 
					on our no-nonsense shopping cart. (you may also enter our 
					shopping cart directly from here.) 
					here, you may browse anonymously or sign in to your own 
					private account to make purchases, keep a wish list, save a 
					shopping cart, track your orders and more. search our vast 
					database of products by country, type or category. of course 
					your security and satisfaction are our highest concerns.



these pages offer a delightful resource for citizens of
                the world of all ages. we encourage you to explore and enjoy!
                thanks for visiting.


















 

























