




frugalfun.com - have more fun, spend less money
















how can we help you be more frugal or have more fun?






the frugal mindset
frugal inspirations
environmentally/ecologically frugal
finances, budgeting & credit
reducing household expenses
vehicles & maintenance
frugal homekeeping & gardening
crafts & home decor
recipes




frugal in business
special events, holidays & gifts
frugal fun with kids
frugal learning
healthy frugality
frugal travel
consumer advocacy
frugal romance




280 pages of great frugal fun advice, instantly
					in your inbox, for just us $8.50











this acclaimed full-length e-book shows how to travel, dine out, entertain, keep your kids busy, have fun with someone special, and shop far more cheaply than you would have believed is possible.
					most people will save between $500 and $2000 every year with the tips in this book.

learn more     
                   order now




search the site: find what you're looking for
search the 2000+ pages at frugalfun.com and its sister domains 






books from shel horowitz, 
					award-winning author, speaker, consultant, ethical marketing expert
click any book cover to get more details and ordering information.




























more information and services from shel horowitz
note: some of these links take you to our many sister sites, such as , 
					frugalmarketing.com and 
					painlessgreenbook.com



know anyone who needs a professional resume?
we offer
					     affordable professional resume writing while you wait, either in person in our western massachusetts office or from anywhere in the world, over zoom. 
						  a resume also makes a great gift for people in career transition or between jobs.
					







 frugal & fashionable living magazine
 down to business magazine
 global travel review
 global arts review
 peace & politics magazine
 ethics articles
 articles about business and social transformation (and other topics)/





 copywriting & marketing consulting
 presentations to your group: marketing, book publishing, going green, writing, frugality...
 frugality, frugal fun, and going frugally green consulting
                         
 contact shel horowitz





 frugalfun.com's awards
 links to products and services we recommend
 how to link to frugalfun.com
 sister sites: frugal marketing, going beyond sustainability, painless green, green and profitable, and others





 international frugal fun day
 press room
 biographies of shel and dina
 frequently asked questions
 contact shel horowitz



share this article/site with a friend



 
to visit the most important pages on our site, make a selection from the drop-down menu below. if your browser doesn't automatically take you there, please click on "visit now!"   
 

choose a link: 
----------------- 
site entry page 
home 
new content
----------------- 
books and info products: 
    penny-pinching hedonist 

    guerrilla marketing to heal the world
    grassroots marketing 
    request a review copy (qualified journalists only)

----------------- 
magazines: 
    frugal & fashionable living magazine 
    down to business magazine 
    global travel review 
    global arts review 
    peace & politics magazine 
    business ethics
----------------- 
services: 
    marketing/copywriting for authors/publishers 
    marketing/copywriting for other businesses 
    career & rã©sumã© services 
    speakers available 
----------------- 
tipsheet archives: 
    frugal fun tipsheet archives (1997-2011)
    marketing tipsheet archives 
----------------- 
place an order 
----------------- 
this site and its people: 
    site search/web search 
    sponsorship/advertising opportunities 
    faq 
    copyright, privacy, and permissions 
    bios--shel horowitz & dina friedman 
    awards this site has won 
    link to us 
    sister sites
    other sites of interest 
    contact us
----------------- 
* going beyond sustainability website 
* frugal marketing website 
* accurate writing website 
----------------- 
   






the literacy site
the literacy site offers a way to share the magic of books and promote the love of reading among children who might otherwise never discover the joy of their first book.
                    your click on the red "fund books for kids" button at the literacy site generates books for children in need, funded by site sponsors and provided through charity partner, first book. first book has distributed more than 40 million books to children in hundreds of communities.




money exchange saving tips
if you are sending or receiving money from abroad, frugalfun recommends sidestepping your bank and using commercial foreign exchange firms. lower fees, better rates, and personalized service. find international money transfer options here.
                    




disclosures of material connections:

some of the links on our site and items in our newsletters are sponsored ads or affiliate links. this financial support allows us to bring you the consistent high quality of information and constant flow of new content. please thank our advertisers if you do business with them.
as is the case for most professional reviewers, many of the books i review on this site have been provided by the publisher or author, at no cost to me. i've also reviewed books that i bought, because they were worthy of your time. and i've also received dozens of review copies at no charge that do not get reviewed, either because they are not worthy or because they don't meet the subject criteria for this column, or simply because i haven't gotten around to them yet, since i only review one book per month. i have far more books in my office than i will ever read, and the receipt of a free book does not affect my review.












