

something spectacular high quality silk and fresh bridal bouquets and wedding flowers




















please 
              note: we are currently closed due to the death of an immediate family member, but we will reopen on wednesday, january 15, 2014. we are currently booking events for 2014, 2015, and 2016. event dates for 2014 are filling very quickly. please contact us as early as possible about reserving 
          your special event date.





our 
              floral designs have been selected to appear in...
 *our 
              actual floral designs (not paid placements, advertisements, or listings) 
              were chosen by editors to appear in these books and magazines.* 
              
best 
              wedding florist nomination




8 
              wedding issues of florists' review magazine
(international 
              publication for professional florists - usa)
april 
              2011, march 2010, march 2009, march 2008, 
              march 2007, march 2006, march 2005, and march 2004

the 
              bridal
              bouquet book 
 by ginny parfitt
              schiffer publishing
              2005 

woman's 
              world
august 
              7, 2007

2 
              issues of floral design magazine
(international 
              publication for florists - new zealand)
              august 2010
              june 2011


              9 issues of best wedding sites magazine
              feb-april 2011
              june-nov 2011
(including june & october magazine covers)
nominated 
              as metro detroit's best wedding florist 2011 
              in the wdiv channel 4, "vote 4 the best" contest. vote 
              for us by 8/31/11 here.


thank 
              you for nominating us from 2007-2010, too! 




fresh 
          floral 
|
silk/artificial 
          floral |
pricing
| reservations/availability
| 
          faqs
|
reviews
| events
| contact 
          us | articles 
          & money saving tips  
          | blog
| 
          sitemap









fresh 
          wedding flowers - photgraphy by picture this by lisa,
          berkley, michigan



silk 
          wedding flowers - photography by robert bruce photograph, 
          royal oak, michigan 



 something 
          spectacular™
custom floral and event design
          and something 
          floral™
          warren and center line, michigan
586-778-4624

silk: 
          worldwide service and shipping
fresh: metro detroit and select michigan 
          areas






something 
        spectacular™ is "the 
        picky bride's florist™"and "the 
        premier silk floral designer™"
featuring 
        ultra realistic, premium quality, silk/artificial (and 
        fresh!) bridal bouquets and floral arrangements for weddings, 
        showers, other special events, homes, offices, film and television studio 
        sets and shoots, and more. wedding and special event flowers are our specialty!



there's 
    a reason something spectacular™ 
    custom event design (and subsidiary, something floral™) 
    has earned the distinction of "the premier silk floral designer™," 
    "the premier floral designer™," and "the picky 
    bride's florist™." we specialize in elegant, tastefully-designed, 
    one of a kind, bridal bouquets. the exceptionally high quality, botanically-accurate 
    materials we use guarantee an ultra realistic, just-picked, fresh flower look 
    without the wilting. many silk florists say they use quality materials, but 
    we encourage you to shop around and compare. take a good look at the details 
    between our products and theirs. you'll quickly discover the difference in 
    quality and see for yourself that there's no wimpy, wrinkly, paper-thin or 
    stiff and crunchy, bargain basement blooms or foliage used here. our premium 
    quality designs and ever-growing list of satisfied customers are a testament 
    to our perfectionist standards. 

we're 
  not afraid of the competition so we have no need to pressure our clients or 
  rush them into making an important decision too quickly. our thorough consultation 
  process guarantees that all custom designed, something spectacular bouquets 
  and coordinating wedding flowers complement the bride and groom, their wedding 
  party, and their wedding's style, formality, and theme. our exclusive order 
  schedule, which limits the number of consultations and orders we accept each 
  month, assures that abundant time and attention to detail is spent designing 
  and creating the unique, quality-made, silk bouquets and arrangements that will 
  provide you, your attendants, friends, and family with a cherished keepsake 
  that will last for years to come.
all 
  of the photos you see on our website (and will see when reviewing our extensive 
  portfolio during a personalized consultation) are original designs by something 
  spectacular. although we have one of the most extensive floral design reference 
  libraries containing design books from around the world that you are welcome 
  to browse during your consultation, you'll never find stock photos from floral 
  trade magazines, floral trade marketing materials, or professional design books 
  on our site or in our portfolio. while that's a common practice of some florists, 
  we believe in operating our business with honesty, integrity, and truth in advertising. 
  we are 100% confident of the quality of our own flowers and designs and have 
  no need to rely on someone else's designs or misrepresent them as our own. if 
  you see a particular floral design you like on our site, you're guaranteed it 
  was custom designed by something spectacular's award-winning floral artist.
contact 
  us today for information on how we can make your wedding special with customized, 
  high quality, silk (or fresh) bouquets and arrangements or how we can optimize 
  the look of your home or office with premium quality, original, silk floral 
  artistry and accessories. 







 


















 
something 
            spectacular™

custom floral and event design
28401 mound road, suite 755
            warren, michigan
            48090-0755
award-winning 
            artificial/silk
and
            fresh floral artistry
586-778-4624
consultations 
            by appointment only

















shop 
  and compare!





a 
        few references from something spectacular clients (see 
        many more with photos on reviews page)
"our 
        wedding flowers truly were "spectacular"! you took my idea, 
        achieved it perfectly, and made it even more amazing than i envisioned! 
        the quality of the flowers was outstanding - our family and friends had 
        no idea they weren't real, and they look amazing in all of our photos. 
        the colours were vibrant and rich, and your combination of florals worked 
        perfectly in our wedding theme! having silks for our wedding saved us 
        precious time, ensured our flowers lasted the entire day, and provided 
        us and our guests with beautiful mementos that continue to decorate our 
        homes. your customer service is what makes you stand out from other florists 
        - your extensive work with me throughout the planning process assured 
        me i would receive exactly what i wanted! i appreciate all your hard work 
        and dedication to providing the best quality silks to your customers - 
        all the best for a successful career!" - jasmine z., san diego, 
        california
"my 
        flowers were so beautiful! everyone assumed that my bouquet was real until 
        they touched it or i told them it was silk. it was so hot that day. if 
        i had real roses, they would have bloomed and wilted by the time the ceremony 
        began. my flowers looked fresh and vibrant all day. too, i loved that 
        the arrangements and bouquets were dense with flowers. they looked rich 
        and classy." - barb c., sterling heights, michigan
"after 
        disappointing experiences with two online silk florists who said they 
        are professional designers and use high quality materials, i admit i was 
        hesitant to try another. however, a friend highly recommended something 
        spectacular so i gave it one last shot. i just received my bouquet from 
        you and wow! i am thrilled! what a difference between the color, quality, 
        and workmanship of your flowers and the other florists' flowers i ordered. 
        yours are vastly superior, and you really deliver what you promise. thank 
        you. i am overjoyed." - elizabeth s., southport (long 
        island), new york
"the 
        calla lilies are beautiful! it's all just a million times more than what 
        i imagined, and i can't begin to tell you how happy i am! i'm nothing 
        but impressed with your business and the flowers you put out. you are 
        hundreds of miles away and yet everything is exactly what i wanted and 
        so much more than i envisioned. i know i've said that before but it is 
        so very true. thank you for making this experience such a wonderful and 
        easy one." - angie b., wapakanetta, ohio
"thank 
        god i stumbled across your website and found you! when i saw your work 
        on the website, i love it. my bouquet was my favorite think about my wedding. 
        everyboy loved the flowers and could not believe they were silk. it was 
        such a hot humid day yet i had beautiful bouquets that did not wilt! i 
        walked into my sister's house last week and thought to myself, 'who gave 
        her flowers?' then realized it was her bridesmaid bouquet from our wedding 
        -- it looks so real! working with you was such a pleasure; you are great. 
        i wish i could get married again so we could chat more. thanks so much!" 
        - jeanne r., holbrook (long island), new york
"something 
        spectacular custom floral design gives each bride 110% of their attention. 
        their attention to detail ensures that every wish for that special day 
        comes true. they have a knack for making faux look so real you expect 
        it to bloom right in front of your eyes. if you want ordinary call the 
        large impersonal florists, if you want something personal and memorable 
        call for something spectacular." - deena c., auburn hills, 
        michigan
"thank 
        you again. you do not realize how much of a help you truly have been and 
        how easy you made this. i absolutely love everything; you guys did a wonderful 
        job. i showed everyone at my office and gave your cards out since i have 
        bookmarked your website. i will be sure to let everyone and anyone asking 
        know about your site and how smooth everything has gone with you. i will 
        definitely be back shopping at your site soon for some arrangements for 
        my home and office. places like yours make it easier for me to feel good 
        about shopping online." - lori v., westlake village, 
        california 
"i 
        received the bouquet last night when i got home, and i have to say wow! 
        it is beautiful! my fiance is very impressed, as i knew he would be, and 
        we will definitely be using your services! i would like to thank you for 
        your incredible customer service. i have never worked with a company that 
        is as well put together and managed as yours is. i have to say there is 
        no way i would be working with any other company on my flowers now. i 
        really appreciate all of your hard work!" - charlotte b., richmond, 
        virginia 
prior 
        to wedding (upon receipt of order): "i 
        love my flowers!! they are gorgeous and arrived in perfect condition. 
        i am just so excited for the ceremony and pictures, and i know the flowers 
        are going to be the stars (following me -- ha, ha). you are just amazing, 
        especially for fitting me in so last minute. i don't know what i would 
        have done without you!!! thank you again!" after the wedding: 
        "everyone raved about the flowers. they were awesome!!" - 
        emily g., west new york, new jersey
"i 
        am sitting at my desk [looking at the advance photos of my bouquets and 
        flowers] sobbing! this is exactly what i wanted. i couldn't be more pleased. 
        truly, i am speechless. i can't wait to see them in person! thank you 
        so much. i don't know how to say it enough. i am thrilled!" - 
        allyson b., chicago, illinois
"kim, 
        owner of something spectacular event designs, is an absolute pleasure 
        to work, and she goes above and beyond when it comes to creativity and 
        professionalism. she is very detailed oriented and very creative! kim 
        has an amazing personality and is a pleasure to work with. i have, and 
        will continue to, refer kim to my clients!" - lisa smith, 
        owner and certified professional wedding planner, gabbi 
        grace events, grosse pointe park, michigan. 
"excellent 
        work and so real looking!" - jenice groth, bridal consultant, 
        affordable wedding planning, lapeer, michigan
many 
        more testimonials and photos appear on our reviews 
        page and in our something floral photo 
        album on facebook.



silk 
              bridal bouquet

silk 
              bridal bouquet

fresh 
              bridal bouquet 

fresh 
              wedding bouquets

fresh 
              wedding centerpiece 


looking 
        for something in particular? ask us!
our 
        website contains only a very, very small sampling of our portfolio so 
        if you are looking for something in particular, ask us. since we are a 
        custom designer creating all floral artistry to your specific needs and 
        specifications, we do not have a printed catalog of products. gift certificates 
        available! 
availability
our 
        schedule fills very quickly, often with dates booked a year or more in 
        advance. if your event date is already reserved by another client but 
        you have a small order, we may be able to squeeze your order into our 
        design schedule. for more details about our reservation and deposit policies 
        and rush service availability, please review our faq 
        page and call us at 586-778-4624 with any additional questions.


 
silk 
              wedding bouquet

 our 
              schedule fills very quickly! reserve today.
current availability:
(availability 
              updated as of may 2012)
silk 
              / artificial flowers: fully 
              booked for events prior to november 2012, with the remaining 2012 
              dates filling quickly. reserve now for 2013 dates.

fresh 
              flowers: fully 
              booked for most event dates prior to november 2012, with remaining 
              2012 dates filling quickly. reserve now for 2013 
              dates. 

if 
              you have a small order (fresh or artificial) and your special event 
              is at least 2 months away, we may 
              be able to squeeze your order into a full design schedule. note 
              that a rush charge is applied to last-minute orders with less than 
              2 months notice.
our 
              availability is on a first-come, first reserved basis and is not 
              guaranteed without a formal reservation and deposit. don't 
              miss out! secure your date and reserve a place in our design schedule 
              today with a minimal deposit that is credited towards your order 
              and locks in this year's prices. contact us by phone today for details 
              and to see if your date is available.


silk 
              wedding bouquet and boutonniere




please 
              note: we 
              are fulled booked for most of 2012 and are now booking event dates 
              for 2013 and beyond.
dates 
              are not booked and orders are not 
              processed/guaranteed without a formal reservation and deposit. 
              for more information about reserving your wedding or special event 
              date and our services, see our frequently 
              asked questions (faq) page. 


a 
        peek at a few of our recent bouquet, boutonniere, and corsage designs
a 
        small sample of recent work from our silk and fresh flower portfolio. 
        to see more recent designs, click here 
        (more photos on our website). also visit/fan our something 
        floral page and photo album on facebook 
        for the latest photos.



              erica and matthew, warren, michigan
wedding: clinton township, michigan - silk floral design




                susan and gary, cherry hill, new jersey
wedding: cherry hill, new jersey - silk floral design






lindsay 
                and james, ontario, canada
wedding: the bahamas - silk floral design



                jennifer and chris, dearborn, michigan
wedding: detroit, michigan - fresh floral design



 

emily 
              and trevor, west new york, new jersey
wedding: cruise ship in port of ny on route to bermuda 
              - silk floral design



                carey and frank, flat rock, michigan
wedding: flat rock, michigan - silk floral design






                stacey and charlie, clarkston, michigan
wedding: waterford, michigan - fresh floral design


shannon 
              and darryl, chesterfield, michigan
wedding: clinton township, michigan - fresh floral design





              valerie and alex, denver, colorado
wedding: colorado - silk floral design


tennie 
              and william, augusta, maine
wedding: greene, maine - silk floral design


 



katie 
              and karl (jr), walled lake, michigan
wedding: wixom, michigan - fresh 
              floral design



              melody and ariel, plantation, florida
wedding: jamaica - silk floral design






              photography by robert bruce photography

 amy 
              and nate, detroit, michigan
wedding: ann arbor, michigan - silk floral design

vina and aj, arlington, virginia
wedding: turks & caicos islands - silk 
              floral design



              lisa and ben, pittsburgh, pennsylvania
wedding: pennsylvania - silk floral design

 
              heidi and elvis, hayward, california
wedding: south lake tahoe - silk floral design





              sabrina and keith, evansville, indiana
wedding: danville, illinois - silk floral design

 
                anita and jason, richmond, virginia
wedding: baltimore, maryland - silk floral design


additional 
              recent designs
click here or visit our facebook 
              photo albums




want 
          to see our work in person? upcoming events 
we're 
          always available to schedule a consultation and our innovative design 
          work can be seen in a number of magazines and books, however, if you'd 
          like an opportunity to see a variety of our work, something spectacular 
          custom floral design often participates in various bridal shows, womens' 
          expos, and charity events, and displays and teaches at a number of events 
          and locations. for a listing of upcoming events and past events we've 
          recently participated in, check out our events
page.



silk 
                floral centerpiece

silk bridal bouquet

fresh floral centerpiece

silk 
                wedding arrangement 

silk bridal bouquet














*coming 
                in 2014 * 
new, 
                expanded website
featuring more photos, more planning 
                articles, better navigation, and a "ready-made" gallery 
                filled with high quality, one of a kind, ready to purchase bridal 
                bouquets for brides who need flowers in a flash.



bear 
                      with us, metamorphosis in progress. 
                      our greatly improved site will be available very soon!

























something 
                spectacular
 custom 
                floral & event design

28401 mound road, suite 755
                warren, michigan
                48090-0755

586-778-4624

serving 
                design-savvy brides and grooms worldwide since 2001
by 
                appointment only



client wedding at the henry ford estate, 
                dearborn, mi 
                flowers by something spectacular & something floral

something 
              old, something new, something borrowed, and something spectacular!
we 
              accept:



 
                      cash
money 
                      orders
cashier's 
                      checks


credit 
                      cards
debit 
                      cards 
paypal













gift 
                certificates available







 become 
              a facebook fan

 

something 
              floral
(our 
              primary page. you'll find many more recent floral design and client 
              photos to view here.)

something 
              spectacular


follow 
              us on twitter

 


follow 
              us on pinterest

 






home 
        page & silk floral | fresh 
        floral design 
        | pricing 
        | reservations & availability | faqs 
        | reviews/testimonials 
        | upcoming events 
        | contact us | articles 
        & money saving tips  
        | links  
        | blog
 
        |
sitemap


 
          copyright © 2001-2014, something spectacular. all rights reserved. 
          all content on this website is the property of something spectacular 
          and something floral. to avoid copyright violation and prosecution, 
          you must obtain written permission directly from us 
          to use any text, graphics, or images from this website. this 
          website is best viewed at a resolution of 1024x768.

 
          something spectacular has been a licensed and registered michigan business 
          since 2001, something floral has been a licensed and registered michigan 
          business since 2003, and we are proud to be a member of the warren tri-county 
          fine arts association. something spectacular is also an environmentally-conscious/"green" 
          business and ships orders using sturdy, like-new recycled/reclaimed 
          corrugated boxes and recycled packing material, whenever possible. this 
          practice not only helps save the environment and our natural resources, 
          but it also saves you money because you're not charged for the cost 
          of shipping boxes like you are with other companies and florists. 

serving 
          clients in the united states and canada since 2001.







alabama
connecticut
hawaii
kansas
massachusetts
montana
new 
        mexico
oklahoma
south 
        dakota
virginia


alaska
delaware
idaho
kentucky
michigan
nebraska
new 
        york
oregon
tennessee
washington


arizona
district 
        of columbia
illinois
louisiana
minnesota
nevada
north 
        carolina
pennsylvania
texas
west 
        virginia 


arkansas
florida
indiana
maine
mississippi
new 
        hampshire
north 
        dakota
rhode 
        island
utah
wisconsin


california
georgia
iowa
maryland
missouri
new 
        jersey
ohio
south 
        carolina
vermont
 wyoming


colorado
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 


providing 
  elegant, high quality, realistic looking, artificial / silk / faux / fake bridal 
  bouquets and wedding flowers. real touch, natural touch, floramatique, and fresh 
  touch available. fresh floral bouquets and wedding flowers also available. in 
  business since 2001, we are the premier silk floral designer™ 
  and 
  the picky bride's florist™. 
  our fresh and silk wedding and special event designs have been published (not 
  paid placements or advertisements) in many major magazines, books, and bridal/wedding 
  blogs.





