













	church pew upholstery - portable baptistry - church lighting - church furnishings














































church outlet






about 


contact us 


history & mission 


returns | shipping 




furniture 


pews 


pew accessories 


pew ends 


pew bodies 




pew refurbish 


pew upholstery 


pew cushions 


pulpits 


prestige glass pulpits 


contemporary pulpits 


traditional pulpits 


proclaimer series pulpits 


minister chairs 




church chairs 


worship seating 


fellowship chairs 




pew kneelers 




architecture 


steeples 


baptistries 


portable baptistry 


model 6p a la carte 


model 6pxl a la carte 




portable baptistry accessories 


hand rail kit for portable baptistry 


thermal baptistry cover 


bes 7000 baptistry heater 




roanoke series baptistries 




baptistry heaters 


portable baptistry heaters 


baptistry circulation heater 


baptistry immersion heater 


baptistry heater installation 




wall crosses 


church lighting 


stained glass 


stained glass restoration 






used pews 


insights 


financing 





























 helping you enhanceyour place of worship     church outlet, inc. provides a wide selection of products and services for churches, schools and courtrooms. established in 1977 by leroy vernon to provide quality products and services at affordable prices. our commitment to mr. vernon's vision is as strong today as it was in 1977. our products are relevant now and will be for generations to come. as you look to renovate your church building, we would love to hear your dreams and vision for your renovation project. it would be our privilege to provide the products and services required no matter how small or large.  








 our products and services  church pewschurch outlet offers the finest quality, church pews, on the market. our solid oak pew comes in a wide selection of both white and stained pew ends, though we can also custom design and manufacture any end of your choice..read more  pew upholstery church pew upholstery is a cost-effective way to make your pews look new again. for about 1/3 the cost of new pews our crew can come to your location and upholstery your existing pews. we use only commercial grade fabrics and high-density foams that will provide years of use. our fabrics are manufactured in the usa, are stain resistant, and have warranties that range from 10 years to lifetime.read more baptistriesportable baptistry is the part of a church used for baptism and is portable or moveable. by being portable you can hold a baptism service virtually anywhere. the baptistry can be filled with a garden hose connected to an outside or sink faucet and ran over the side of the tub much like you would fill a pool in your back yard. the average portable baptistry holds between 100 – 125 gallons of water and can be filled usually in about 20 to 30 minutes depending on water pressure.read more   church lightingwe have been providing church lighting for more than 30 years and have supplied many churches both small and great with beautiful church light fixtures. our church lighting is of the highest quality american made the industry has to offer. all of our fixtures are available in led and fluorescent lamping options..read more steeplesour church steeples can be manufactured to meet most wind load requirements in the country. our expert staff is more than qualified to work with your architect to build a custom church steeple if so desired..read more 












new pews • pew refurbishing • pew upholstery • pew cushions • pulpits • church chairs • stained glass windows • stained glass restoration • church steeples • portable baptistries • baptistries • baptismal heaters • wall crosses • church lighting and much more...













            want to find out how we can
            help with your project?
        





name

name


 



phone

phone


 



email

email


 



church name

church name


 



church address

church address


 



city state zip

city, state & zip


 



message

how can we help?


 








contact us


















                    po box 5432
                     high point, nc 27262
                    
800-736-3113
                    or
                    336-869-2179
 fax: 336-464-2310
                

follow us


























submit


cancel
















 need information about financing?    read more








copyright 2025 by church outlet






















