





susan perry day spa  |  excellence in skin care & medical spa treatments 























 





full menu  
 dermaplaning  
 massage therapy  

 skin 
    care  | 
     makeup      

 electrolysis,
laser,
waxing  
 laser skin care & med spa      
 gift cards  |  products 
  

 awards 

 directions 

 contact us  


 
     our spa policies  

 take a 
  mini-vacation! 















 









 
 

  award-winning facials, med spa treatments, makeup,  and so much more. 
 susan perry skin care,  one 
             of the south shore's best-loved salons and day spas, has been providing 
             beauty and wellness alternatives since 1982.   experience our 
             peaceful sanctuary and restore your well-being and good nature with one of 
             our highly effective treatments.  2024
               - 23rd year
               running! winner of  market surveys of america's"best of 
                 the best"  award for facials and skin care
			 in the greater plymouth area, 2024 best massage, as well as both best medical spa and best electrology for 2024. 2012 readers 
                     choice award - 1st place gold- for best day spa / massage, plymouth, silver place regional,   2013 bronze, regional and 2014 through 2019 honorable mention.

 



think valentine's day!







a gift card
                from susan perry
				  makes the perfect gift!
online, in-spa, or by phone 
				  at 508.746.0220!


easy e-certificates here!
			      print your own customized e-cert,
			      or email to recipient!
                





 
					
				     online booking 

  we have an easy online booking system!
  rest assured, you can still book the way you
				   always have by calling 508.746.0220, but
				   now 
			       you have another handy option,
			       available 24 hours a day!

book online here



			     
			     
			        appointment cancellation policy

			     please provide current credit card information to book 
			     and hold all appointments.

			     we require at least a 24 hour notice, before the actual time
			     of your scheduled appointment, to cancel or 
			     reschedule your treatment. 

			     we require at least a 48 hour notice, before the actual time
			     of your scheduled laser appointment, to cancel or 
			     reschedule your treatment. 
			     
			     

			     appointment changes and/or cancellations can only be done via
			     a phone call to 508.746.0220 (not by text or email).  
			     we do have voicemail only that is monitored 
			     on the days we are closed. 

			     without this advance notification from you, you will be 
			     charged the full amount of your booked service
			     or treatment.   
			     this includes missed appointments 
			     due to illness (including covid), 
			     or other circumstances. 



			     
			     open
wednesday, thursday & friday:  11am - 6pm
saturday: 10:30am - 4pm


	508.746.0220			 
				 



					
	   
				 order your favorite and new products at:
susanperrybeauty.com
curbside pickup is
			     available and encouraged!
 we are available by phone at 508.746.0220
               during the above hours, or you may leave us a
               voicemail and we will be in touch
               as soon as possible.
thank you

we look forward to seeing you soon! 


  


 

                            anti-aging is our specialty

                            our treatments are unmatched,
                            as are our signature skin
                            care products.

                            shop  at...
  

 susanperrybeauty.com
 






 available in all
         amounts.
the 
           perfect  gift for anyone! simple and elegant, suitable for men
		   or women.  peace, wellness and indulgence . . . sure to be loved. buy here! 
 

           gift 
           cards by phone at 508.746.0220, online, or walk in.
order gift cards here!


in a rush? call 508.746.0220 and order by phone . . . your 
          gift will be beautifully wrapped and ready for quick pick-up! 

          really last minute?   don't worry - we 
          offer e-gift certificates in any amount - the perfect ultra-last-minute idea! 



laser hair removal

wouldn't it be great to stop shaving?
            of course. absolutely! and getting that troublesome
            area smooth and hair-free works best in a spa with not
            only decades of experience, but the ability to chase
            those last few stubborn hairs with electrolysis,
            if need be,
            for a perfect finish.
            
          that would be here!

laser specials!

          $75 off * an underarm treatment
with any bikini treatment! **

** treatments must be on the same day
            for the underarm discount. 
            * may not be combined with other discounts,
            nor paid for with gift cards.

learn more about laser here 

attention all teens!
   


our junior facials are available for ages 12 -19.
    address skin issues now, and feel your most confident
          as you date, prepare for school and/or job search.
            you can get rid of acne - we can truly help!
            did you know you will see great results
            from your very first session?
            boys, we mean you, too!

more about our teen services.

 508.746.0220

 
susan perry's 
			 signature skin care and beauty products are the best, most effective support for your skin, regardless of age, 
                   skin type or gender.   containing no synthetic fragrances, this 
                   exclusive line of hypoallergenic, non-comedogenic and humanely produced 
                   skin care products is available only at our spa, 
                   and online at   susanperrybeauty.com. 

                   we update our shop frequently with new items; you may want to bookmark the page so you can keep up with the latest easily. 
                     like to try before you buy? we are one
          of   zents and mdsolarsciences sunscreens' exclusive massachusetts retailers, and have all the fragrances and products we offer available in the shop to try. 
 

 
bridal makeup

 
 our talented, thoughtful makeup artists
       can help you and your wedding 
       party look your most beautiful and 
       photogenic ever. 
       
       visit our 
bridal makeup 
       page to learn more.

events, events!   we occasionally open our doors for private events... do you have an organization that would like to 
  sponsor a very special "thank you" for your hard-working colleagues?   or perhaps a bachelorette party, reunion or girls' night out? 
  nothing is nicer than a private spa evening . . . call us for a few ideas!   event photos here 
we were  featured on 
                                mass realty, one of the top sites for cambridge, ma real estate.                                 read about us here: 

susan perry skin care day spa



med spa at susan perry


learn all about laser skin tightening, color correction and injectables

here . . .
      


special discounts 
           & treats 
         . . . 
       
         hear about them first on facebook!  
         take a moment to like 
         us, if you haven't already. visit 

susan perry skin care day spa  on 
               facebook to learn the latest. 

      don't like facebook, or have so many "friends" you frequently miss news? then sign up for our direct email updates! you will never miss another money-saving special offer again, and we promise we won't bombard you with endless spam.  
 




sign up for our special offers email list















for email marketing you can trust



please note our appointment policies...
we require at least a 24 hour notification, when
  appointments need to be rescheduled or cancelled.
  please read the detailed policy above on this page!

  without proper notice, you will be charged for the booked service or treatment.

   more about our  spa policies. 



wednesday, thursday & friday:  11am - 6pm
         saturday 10:30am - 4pm





98 court street,  plymouth  
      ma  02360

tel:  508.746.0220     
      fax:  508.747.2777  



 full 
      spa menu at a glance  |  book online here
        skin care
         &  makeup  |  
      electrolysis, 
      laser, waxing  |  
 
      med spa treatmentsawards 
      |  
      
take a mini-vacation!  | 
      
directions  |  gift 
      cards   | 
      


products  |  

contact us




 

please note: spafinder and spaweekly
  cards may not be used for
  medspa treatments.


"like" us - hear about 
special offers first!

       susan perry skin care is a member of the

better business 
       bureau






click here for bbb business review



privacy note:  at susan perry skin care, we 
       care about your privacy, too.   we never share email addresses 
       or other customer information with third parties, nor do we send 
       unsolicited email.


we're listed on

the plymouth county business list







site design by
pat baker


last update
            january 22, 2025 







