









home - new meadows marina



































 



(207) 443-6277
sales@newmeadowsmarina.com



facebook




rss


 





facebook




rss



 












home
store
services
sales
rentals
financing
resources
blog
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 













we've expanded our brunswick location!our expanded crew and service department look forward to caring for your boat and yamaha outboard!








sky's the limitwe are a fully outfitted marina with gas, dockage, boat rentals, hauling and launching, fully stocked marine store, full service repairs and more.
a closer look










as the only certified yamaha key dealer in southern maine, we will bring you the yamaha reliability and the premium service that you need and expect. our family looks forward to helping yours enjoy the water. 














welcome!
new meadows marina is a family-owned marina that has been serving the boating community for 3 generations. located on the new meadows river, we are easily accessible from casco bay and just minutes from route 1.
we are a fully outfitted marina with gas, dockage, boat rentals, hauling and launching, fully stocked marine store, full service repairs and more. explore our web site and discover what makes new meadows marina the one resource you’ll need to make your maine vacation or boating experience a truly memorable one.
as the only certified yamaha key dealer in southern maine, we will bring you the yamaha reliability and the premium service that you need and expect. our family looks forward to helping yours enjoy the water. 


























boats
browse our selection of new and used boats for sale!read more»








outboards
browse our selection of new and used outboards for sale!
read more»








services
we have a quality staff with over 50 years of experience working on all types of boats.
read more»









do you have a special order?we can get it for you usually within 1 business day, often at no additional charge! come in and visit us and talk to one of our friendly and knowledgeable staff. we’ll get you on the right track!
get started



 







contact us 450 bath road
brunswick, maine 04011
sales: (207) 443-6277
service: (207) 443-4254
fax: (207) 443-5227
sales@newmeadowsmarina.com
service@newmeadowsmarina.com


recent posts


explore the maine coast and have a great summer!


spring is here and boats are coming out!


saco bay tackle this weekend!!


southern midcoast hiring fair at cook’s corner mall brunswick maine


we are hiring!


noaa weatherportlandlast updated on jun 5 2024, 7:51 am edtweather by noaacurrent conditions: a few cloudstemp: 65°fwind: west at 3mphhumidity: 81%dewpoint: 59.0°fyour 5-day forecast at a glance 






facebook




rss



website designed by high point
 

 
 
 















