




marty stuart fan page







































 
 last update on april 5, 2016










 tickets

                    for marty's late night jam to take place wednesday,
                    june 8 at the ryman auditorium, go on sale friday,
                    april 8 at 10 a.m. (cdt) through ticketmaster.
                    tickets are $35 and $45 plus service fees.

                    marty and his fabulous superlatives performed "stop
                    the world (and let me off)," "la tingo tango," and
                    "there's a rainbow (at the end of every storm) on
                    the friday, january 1 grand ole opry. 

                     marty and his fabulous superlatives performed
                    "tear the woodpile down" and "long black veil" on
                    the first show of the friday, november 21 grand ole
                    opry. on the second show, they performed "the
                    whiskey ain't workin'" and "el paso."

                    marty and his fabulous superlatives performed
                    "bridge washed out," "mandolin rip," and "chris
                    scruggs' boogie" on the friday, october 9 grand ole
                    opry.

                    marty and his fabulous superlatives performed
                    "orange blossom special," "tempted," and "apache" on
                    the first show on the tuesday, october 6 grand ole
                    opry. on the second show, they performed "tear the
                    woodpile down," "pretty boy floyd," and "life has
                    its ups and downs." thanks to chris schimmel for the
                    second show songs.

                    marty and his fabulous superlatives and connie smith
                    performed in gulfport mississippi on august 28 at
                    the 10th anniversary of hurricane katrina
                    remembrance event for the first responders, which
                    was also attended by former president george w.
                    bush.

                    on saturday, august 8, marty and his fabulous
                    superlatives helped connie smith celebrate her 50th
                    anniversary as a member of the grand ole opry. the
                    highlight was having marty sing "till i found you"
                    with connie joining in on the second verse and
                    connie singing "you've got me (right where you want
                    me)" which were the songs they sang to each other at
                    their wedding in 1997.

                    marty and his fabulous superlatives performed
                    "freight train boogie," new superlative chris
                    scruggs performed "old souls like you and me" and
                    the band closed with "chris scruggs' boogie" on the
                    wednesday, june 17 grand ole opry.

                    read late night jam recaps from the
                        tennessean, the boot,
                    and country weekly.

                    the lineup for marty's 14th annual late night jam at
                    the ryman on june 10 included carl jackson
                    orthophonic orchestra, charley pride, connie smith
                    and the sundowners, emisunshine, eric church, jimmy
                    webb, the opry square dancers, the bads, tommy
                    emmanuel, and the brothers osborne.

                    deepest sympathy is extended to hilda, marty,
                    connie, jennifer and the rest of their family on the
                    passing of marty's father, john stuart, on april 9.

                    fabulous superlatives apostle paul martin has left
                    the band and has been replaced by chris scruggs.

check out the
                    terrific article on marty in the february/march
                    issue garden & gun magazine.

                    the 2014 nashville scene country music
                    critics poll  appeared in their january 22
                    issue. the album, saturday night / sunday
                      morning came in at #14. under life acts, marty
                    and his fabulous superlatives came in at #6. under
                    duos and groups, they came in at #7.

marty's mom,
                              hilda, has released a book of her
                              photographs called choctaw











                                  gardens. the book features
                              photographs of hilda's early life as well
                              as family photographs she has taken over
                              the years, especially chronicling marty's
                              rise to fame. the book is available
                              through amazon
                              and nautilus











                                publishing for $38. be sure to
                              "like" her facebook











                                page.  
check











                              out more marty news



















 


 

in stores
                          now  
 


 
 


   
visit connie's
official website 

 



let us
                            never forget the
                            tragic events of 
                            september 11, 2001. 
 







 
 


  



 







disclaimer:

this website
                  is not affiliated with or endorsed 
                  by marty stuart, or marty stuart tours, inc.
                  this is a fan site created and maintained by a fan. 


 website best
                  viewed in 800 x 600
 photo in
                    banner taken by gary cable
                      www.cablephotography.com







