




special vixens unit — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































svu_fan_4ever
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














svu_fan_4ever







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









find me on tumblr.
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            special vixens unit
        

            formerly a law & order: svu journal
        




linksfacebookmyspaceimvumoonfairydoll's mad world (wip)multiply
january 2020 1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031

tags- about
alex eames
christopher meloni
ci
donald cragen
elliot stabler
episodes
fanfiction
fin tutuola
friends only
george huang
glee
john munch
journal
klaine
lj
mariska hargitay
melinda warner
olivia benson
pictures
random
season 12
svu
tany
updates






11 january 2020 @ 01:31 am
 ~ friends only ~  


this journal is:banner by me.for more info as to why click here.tags: friends only
 
leave a comment




 


01 november 2012 @ 05:37 pm
some svu fangirling - it’s been a while!  


re-posting this from my tumblr. since this is my original svu journal! ;)so, i’m catching up with my svu and i just finished watching episode 14x04 and alex eames from ci was in this one! i was so surprised and happy!!!( read more...collapse )p.s. on a completely unrelated note: i've started writing fanfiction again, after so so long. i don't know if there's anyone in my lj friends list that watches glee, but i wrote a little klaine one-shot. in case anyone wants to check it out, you can do so here.tags: alex eames, ci, episodes, fanfiction, glee, klaine, olivia benson, svu   
current mood: giddy
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


 



08 october 2010 @ 02:32 am
svu still rox my sox!  


just wanted to drop a note expressing how much i am loving season 12 so far.stories: compellingjennifer love hewitt: coolnessolivia's hair: finally perfect :pelliot: hot... as alwaysmunch, fin, huang, cragen & warner: awesomeness times a millionhope this season keeps being as amazing as these first few episodes have been!and i'm glad i am finally caught up with all things svu!! (well, at least most things svu.) only took me about a year. lol! :pcan't believe the show's been on for 12 yrs already... and that i've been a fan for about 8 yrs. whoa, where does the time go?! :danyway, that's all for now...*hugs*p.s. i leave you with some chris/mariska cuteness! ;)(ooh, i just might be in the mood for some old-school svu icon-making, hehehe.)tags: christopher meloni, donald cragen, elliot stabler, fin tutuola, george huang, john munch, mariska hargitay, melinda warner, olivia benson, pictures, season 12, svu   
current mood: impressed
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


08 october 2010 @ 02:30 am
spirit day  


originally posted by neo_prodigy at spirit day it’s been decided. on october 20th, 2010, we will wear purple in honor of the 6 gay boys who committed suicide in recent weeks/months due to homophobic abuse in their homes at at their schools. purple represents spirit on the lgbtq flag and that’s exactly what we’d like all of you to have with you: spirit. please know that times will get better and that you will meet people who will love you and respect you for who you are, no matter your sexuality. please wear purple on october 20th. tell your friends, family, co-workers, neighbors and schools.rip tyler clementi, seth walshrip justin aaberg, raymond chaserip asher brown and billy lucas. reblog to spread a message of love, unity and peace. 
 
leave a comment




 


 



11 january 2010 @ 01:26 am
hey there!  


hey lj! i don't even know what to write here, lol.well, let's chat about the changes for this journal. it's no secret that i don't use this journal anymore. not because i've stopped loving svu, because that's simply not the case. as my username suggests i'll forever be an svu fan. but the fact of the matter is that because i don't watch svu as it airs (i download the eps.); i'm way behind, so i see no point of posting after a while. i also don't make as much graphics as i used to. and it's been years since i've sat down to write a fanfic. (i've jotted ideas here and there, but nothing ever materialized.)with all that in mind i decided at first to just close this account and be done with it, but once i logged in... i just couldn't do it. ( clicky here to keep on readin'...collapse )tags: journal, lj, random, tany, updates   
current mood: nostalgic
 
9 comments | leave a comment




 


 



09 november 2004 @ 10:44 pm
introduction  


edited on january 13, 2010i'm tany (my real name is tania, but most people on the net know me as tany), im 29 & im from puerto rico. i enjoy reading, listening to music, writing poetry, making graphics, surfing the net, going to the movies & watching tv (especially law & order: svu). my favorite show was angel, i adored that show, and still do, but since it was cancelled, i became more & more interested in l&o:svu. i'm a huge fan now. im a huge fan of the characters of olivia & elliot, and the actors who play them. i'm also a die-hard casey fan, and i think diane neal rocks! i enjoy reading e/o & casey fanfics.i'll be posting icons & other graphics here, all i ask is that you comment, credit, enjoy & don't claim as yours. ;)i don't really accept requests, but chances are that if you ask nicely i'll make something for you. i'm always open to suggestions, so feel free to let me know what you think.i'll also post my opinions of the episodes, pictures, articles, my fanfics, etc.feel free to drop me a line, i always enjoy meeting new people that share my interests!!i don't post as much as i used to anymore.i had great fun on lj and maybe they will come a day where i'll use this journal on a more frequent basis once again. *hugs*tags: - about   
current mood: contentcurrent music: maroon 5 "she will be loved"
 
3 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


viewing most recent entries


 
 





























