









dr. mark nelson podiatry & wound care clinic














dr 
    nelson 
    clinic .com

    home




dr mark nelson


foot & ankle 
specialist




clinic home page
foot 
care store
foot medical information
 



visit our 2
    online
foot care
    stores:

original store
or

new 
    store



 








 





scuba divers:


visit the 
world diving association



 

 











 

 







 dr. mark 
    d. nelson, 

dpm, cws, 
facfas

"helping your feet feel 
great" tm



     foot and ankle surgery      

 
podiatric medicine (podiatry)  
  
wound care - foot and leg   

our mission - "providing you the best foot & ankle care available"
we proudly serve the monticello, buffalo and albertville/st. 
michael, minnesota areas. 

the physicians and staff of our clinics strive to provide our patients the 
highest quality, state-of-the-art medical and surgical treatments available in a 
friendly, personal and compassionate manner.  we treat our patients like 
part of our family.  we understand that your time is 
valuable, so we try to keep our appointments on schedule, while still giving you 
the time you need to treat your condition and answer your questions.  we 
want you and your family to be happy with your treatment and clinic visit 
experience.
because of dr. mark nelson's exceptional surgical and medical training, he is able 
to offer his patients the full spectrum of surgical and non-surgical treatments 
for all foot, ankle and wound care problems.  he frequently treats complex 
medical and surgical problems referred from other respected physicians and 
surgeons.  if needed, ask your doctor for a referral to dr. nelson.  we will 
try to treat your problem(s) conservatively with non-surgical treatments but, if 
necessary, we may be able to offer you surgical 
alternatives.
dr. nelson completed a prestigious 3 year reconstructive foot 
and ankle surgical residency program as chief resident.  only a small 
percentage of podiatric surgeons in the usa have completed this type of surgical 
training.  dr. nelson is board certified by the american board of 
podiatric surgery.  he is a board certified wound specialist 
(cws).  he is also a 
fellow of the american college of foot and ankle surgeons (facfas) and 
the member of the  american college of sports medicine.
for more information on dr. nelson's credentials, please refer to the  about dr. nelson 
webpage.




dr. nelson's specialties


common conditions treated



reconstructive foot & ankle surgeryarthroscopic surgery of the foot & ankle 

endoscopic 
    surgery of the foot
fractures (broken bones) of the foot & ankle
rheumatoid 
        & arthritic foot deformities
surgical second opinions
laser surgery
wound care & ulcers of the foot, ankle & lower leg
sports injuries 
    (sports medicine)
orthotics (custom molded biomechanical arch supports)

wounds and ulcers 
    (diabetic ulcers)
  diabetic feet and diabetic shoes
  bunion (bone bump at the base of the big toe) 
    
          (hallux valgus) (hallux abducto valgus)
  hammertoe (crooked toes)
  heel pain / arch pain / plantar fasciitis
  neuroma 
    (injured nerve in the ball of the foot)
  ankle sprain
  ankle pain 
    or instability (weak ankle)
  fracture (broken bone) of the foot and ankle
  tendonitis and achilles tendon injury
  flat feet / collapsed arch
  pain in the ball of the foot (metatarsalgia)
  toenail fungus and athlete's foot
  ingrown toenail 
    and other toenail disorders
  warts 
    (plantars wart)
  drop foot
  gout attack in the foot
  skin cancer
  rheumatoid 
    arthritis foot deformities and pain
  arthritis 
    and degenerative joint disease (djd)


information on foot & ankle medical problems
for information on many foot and ankle disorders,  foot care 
information, sports medicine topics, recommended shoe lists, podiatry-related 
website links and much more, please refer to the  foot & 
ankle information webpage.  this information has been a valuable 
resource for visitors from many countries around the world.

bookmark this website for easy future reference.

foot care and health care store





 tineacide antifungal cream,
strassburg sock night splint, digital alcohol breathalyzer,
walkfit orthotics,
superfeet arch supports, 
foot pads, corn pads, heel cushions, ionic air purifier, infrared therapy and more now available for sale online at discount prices.
100% money back 90-day guarantee on tineacide antifungal cream.





click here to 
visit our 
online foot 
care store

office contact information
for information regarding our online store merchandise 
shipping and return policies, click here.
information such as office addresses, maps to our offices, office 
hours and  weather reports, is listed on our office locations webpage. 
 


    
dr. nelson is 
currently accepting new patients.  same day appointments are sometimes 
available.

bookmark this website for easy future reference.

language translation of this website
we have "babel fish translation" on our website.  you can translate this english website in to spanish, portuguese, german, 
french, italian, chinese, japanese and korean.  just click on the 
appropriate flag on the babel fish banner in the left column.

index to top level web pages

foot care online store
foot and ankle medical information

top 10 foot care tips

office locations

about dr. nelson
clinic services
hospital affiliations
insurance plans
community information
what's new
privacy policy
search this site 


search our website or the internet using google's search 
engine:





 



 

 




web 


drnelsonclinic.com 












 

free shipping & exchanges, 110% price guarantee and 90-day unconditional 
    returns on shoes.  


.

 

  

























 



 

 




web 


drnelsonclinic.com 






















send email to 
the webmaster with
questions or comments about this web site.


copyright © 2002-20010  arrowhead international, llc.  all rights 
reserved.  reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without 
express written permission is strictly prohibited.  drnelsonclinic.com is a trademark 
and subsidiary 
of arrowhead international, llc.  this website is not affiliated with or 
endorsed by the buffalo clinic, monticello clinic or asm clinic.
"helping your feet feel great"tm is a trademark 
of mark nelson, dpm and allcare foot & ankle specialists, llc. 
site designed by arrowhead international, 
llc.  read our disclaimer


last modified: 
10/13/10 

