









steve van nattan's piano service-- repair and tune your own piano-- buy tools and parts to do the work



piano 
tuning, repair, restoration, and regulation are our way of self-help to do-it-yourself 
people. we help you tune and repair steinway, baldwin, cable, bosendorfer, mason 
and hamlin, kawai, yamaha, boston, kimball, chickering, young chang, samick, knabe, 
petrof, schimmel, sohmer, wurlitzer, and laughead pianos. 
 
steve's piano service 
 23 
years of experience tuning and repairing pianos.... steve 
van nattan offers it all to you to help you restore your own piano.and, 
steve sells the parts and tools to do the job.
we are located 
near the great smoky mountains in the part of the usa that god made.
 the 
url, balaams-ass.com, is taken from the bible story of the donkey in numbers 23-24
    
   
  
   
enter 
our piano care and repair site here
  
   
steve and 
elizabeth van nattan  
 
visit our coffee page warning: 
people who drink coffee virtually all die.      flamenco
   design: 
© copyright 1999-2000 corner1 design. 
all rights reserved. all other content: © copyright 1996-2001 steve 
van nattan. all rights reserved.  the logos and photos on this page are 
"all rights reserved" 
  
   
  
 see our "how to" piano repair  online book
free instruction in:
do-it-yourself piano repairs 
 and tuning   piano 
parts online catalog: order 
parts and tools to repair and  tune your piano.   for 
the do-it-yourselfer and the professional.  many 
items ship in one to two days.
no blind shopping by "shopping 
cart" order by phone with your credit card  toll free
by phone  new 
kit found only here ! 
piano tuning instruction includes: 
 new book and cassette tape teaching course by dennis kurk ptg 
plus while they last: free tuner's pocket guidethis 
is not the main page click here to visit 
our site  

 
     if 
you visit tennessee here are some hints that will keep you out of troubleevery 
road in tennessee has a nice shoulder along the side at least nine inches wide. 
feel free to pull off on the shoulder if you have car trouble.if 
you hear a southerner exclaim, "hey, y'all, watch this!" stay out of his way. 
these are likely the last words he will ever say. most 
southerners do not use turn signals, and they ignore those who do. in fact, if 
you see a signal blinking on a car with a southern license plate, you may rest 
assured that it was on when the car was purchased. if 
there is the prediction of the slightest chance of even the most minuscule accumulation 
of snow, your presence is required at the local grocery store. it does not matter 
if you need anything from the store, it is just something you're supposed to do.
if it can't 
be fried in bacon grease, it ain't worth cooking, let alone eating.
tornadoes and southerners 
going through a divorce have a lot in common. in either case, you know someone 
is going to lose a trailer.as 
you are cursing the person driving 15 mph in a 55 mph zone, directly in the middle 
of the road, remember, many folks learned to drive on a model of vehicle known 
as john deere, and this is the proper speed and lane position for the vehicle.
   smart 
parrot   bufford 
went on down to spring city last saturday night to see what was selling at the 
hinker boys' auction.  well, they had a parrot there that a rich lady was 
selling, and bufford kindly took a likin' to the critter.  when the auctioneer 
brought the bird around for bidding, bufford asked him, "charlie, kin that parrot 
really talk?"  charley hinker assured bufford it could talk and was real 
smart.  well, 
the bidding commenced, and bufford jumped right in and stayed at it all the way. 
 several folks were bidding, but when the bids hit about $300, it settled 
down to a real mean contest between bufford and someone at the front of the room. 
 bufford finally won the bid at $500 even, though he looked a bit pained 
as he walked to the auction office to pay for the thing.  when he got ready 
to pay, bufford again asked the auctioneer, "are you sure that parrot kin really 
talk charlie?"   charlie 
said, "bufford, i know that parrot kin talk real well on account of how it was 
the parrot that was the one bidding against you."       
   piano owner's 
survival guide- stevespianoservice.com, piano, pianos, tools, repair, supplies,bench, 
benches, jansen, lamps, stools, supply, parts, catalog, tuning, tuner, regulation, 
repair, guild, technician, parts, piano parts, restore, and tune your piano. order 
piano parts and tools. piano tuners hate this book. save hundreds of dollars. 
artist, jansen, this is the only book of its kind anywhere. our classified page 
will help you to buy and sell musical instruments. note these words: piano owner's 
survival guide, the book most hated by piano tuners, do-it-yourself piano repair, 
piano restoration, piano tuning, piano repair, catalogue, catalog, tuning, tuner, 
tune, music, baldwin, kimball, steinway, mason & hamlin, yamaha, organ, kawai, 
samick, young chang, tone, musical, instruments, standard pitch, lowery, wurlitzer, 
organ, bach, beethoven, chopin, van nattan, horowitz, concert, music department, 
keys, notes, note, key, temperament, pitch, sound board, upright, grand, spinet, 
console, music teachers, piano exchange, schaff, petrof, bench, steve van nattan, 
survival guide, self-help, do-it-yourself, jansen, bench. journal
        



