









welcome to the pacific inn seal beach california lodging and hotels vacation california










































skip to main content





the pacific inn









home


rooms & suites


rewards


gallery


 in-room directory


 packages




book packages


about us


amenities


accessibility


contact us




check availability












a premium boutique hotel experience
book direct for the best rate, guaranteed!



















more_time check in time4:00pm


update check out time11:00am


call front desk562-493-7501


smoke_free no smokingsmoke free hotel


pets pet friendly!$50 fee per pet


airport_shuttle shuttle services additional fees can apply



welcome to orange county's best kept secret


















the pacific inntraveler rating 2023: 8.6 great









saturday, february 15, 2025 | 5:53:52 am
tthe pacific inn hotel is located just a few blocks from the water in beautiful seal beach, california. 
						the pacific inn offers many of the amenities one may expect at a larger hotel, while maintaining the customized service and attention of a wonderfully appointed boutique hotel. 
						located in the heart of seal beach, a short walk takes you to the main street shopping district, the seal beach pier, and over 30 local restaurants varying from casual to international cuisines. 
						the pacific inn hotel in seal beach is conveniently located on the northern border of orange county, acting as the southern entryway to long beach - the ideal location to experience some of southern california's best beaches and attractions.
						the pacific inn welcomes you to escape for a while, and enjoy our quiet beach community. we await your arrival and the opportunity to be the choice boutique hotel for your next california adventure. 
						













create your perfect vacation
historic seal beach is a charming coastal town in the heart of southern california. enjoy the fun activities, unique restaurants, beautiful weather, and walkability of our special beach town. 









favorite beach activities right around the corner
a little something for everyone nestled in our local seal beach neighborhood. enjoy our famous pier, food tours, surfing lessons, the aquarium of the pacific, and more! 















admiral suite and family suite
looking for additional space or added luxury? call us to inquire about our highly requested two room suites!
make a reservation











newly renovated executive rooms
completely reimagined rooms with a modern coastal touch. light and bright, with added space and amenities for your enjoyment.
make a reservation











deluxe rooms with private balconies
where "standard" is so much more! each of our deluxe rooms come equipped with a private balcony, microwave, and refrigerator to create the most comfortable stay for our guests
make a reservation











junior suites
stay in our spacious corner rooms! our two junior suites provide added space and privacy for our guests that love to be close to the pool. 
make a reservation





































local restaurants

								 the pacific inn is an excellent location to enjoy many award winning local restaurants. we are walking distance to many delicious options featuring casual to international cuisines. take a look at a few of our neighborhood favorites!
								 


yucatan grill


hennessey's tavern


finbars italian kitchen 


boathouse on the bay 


marni's 















beachside activities

								 seal beach is located in excellent proximity to local beach activities, as well as the great attractions southern california is famous for disneyland and knott's berry farm are only 25 miles from seal beach! there are many options for activities in our very own neighborhood, explore some of our favorites below! 
								 


seal beach food tours


london boat rentals


m&m surfing school


gondola getaway


hydrobike rentals


ballast point brewery


rosie's dog beach


beach cottage day spa - 20% discount to guests!


										discounted aquarium of the pacific tickets, available in our lobby!
										











location & access
driving directions: from i-405 north or south, exit seal beach blvd. turn left (west) and proceed to pacific coast hwy. turn right (north) on pacific coast hwy. turn left on marina drive and arrive.



0.5
miles
away from old town


 6
miles
long beach airport


 view on the map










600 marina drive, seal beach ca 90740












testimonials






absolutely loved staying here. first, it is clean. second, the location is awesome. it's an easy walk to the shops, restaurants, and beach. and, finally, breakfast was really breakfast, eggs, sausage or bacon on varying days, make your own waffle, yogurt, toast, bagels, juice, cereal, fresh fruit, you name it, they had it. plus, the coffee is the best coffee i have ever tasted. 

andrea lawrence



loved this hotel! it was spring break and we were looking for an affordable hotel near the beach. this hotel has a pool and spa, free coffee 24 hours in their lobby, great free continental breakfast and fantastic staff! everyone i encountered was so nice, friendly and helpful! the room was clean, beds were comfortable. refrigerator and microwave in room, flat screen tv. not outdated at all. 2 chairs to relax on the patio. small fitness room but it has all the basics. continental breakfast- waffle maker, coffee, juice, fruit plus eggs, potatoes and some sort of meat. one day it was sausages, the next it was ham. you can easily make a breakfast sandwich. free parking, lots of spaces to park. seal beach is a beautiful small town. the only downside is seal beach is not dog friendly, so if you plan to bring your furry friend, be prepared to drive either to huntington (about 15 minutes drive) or there was another small one in long beach about 10 minutes away. we highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again!

riena s



the room was always cleaned very well, things were restocked after use, and the breakfast was absolutely delicious. every staff member was so kind to us and suggested great things to do around seal beach. my husband and i will definitely be going back.

peayher












contact us


					600 marina dr, seal beach, ca 90740 
 info@thepacificinn.com
email address


+1 562 493 7501
+1 866 466 0300
phone number
+1 562 596 3448
fax number










home
rooms & suites
about us
amenities
points of interest
local services
privacy
contact us



			 the pacific inn boutique hotel located in seal beach, california providing the very best in hotel, motel, suites & rooms located near long beach, sunset beach, cypress, cerritos, garden grove, huntington beach, signal hill with dining, swimming pool and all of the luxury amenities & accommodations for a memorable stay.
						© 2007 - 2016  the pacific inn 
                        hosted & managed by pavenet.net 









