









timber pointe golf club | public championship course | poplar grove, il - home
















































home    tee times    online store


 (815) 544-1935       



home      tee times      online store 







 



golfcourse
the coursetee timesrates & feesfacilitiesgolf instructionthe clubmembership
membership infolive music thursdays!the grilleoutings& events
great golf outingsbanquets & eventscalendar of eventsonline registrationcontactdirections
join our email clubonline storecontact & directions 















 
slide 1tee timeschallenge our 18 hole championship golf course. one of the top ranked courses in northern illinois.book a tee timeslide 2weddings & eventsthe timber pointe clubhouse boasts panoramic views atop a "pointe", the highest and most picturesque point in all of boone county.learn moreslide 3golf outingslooking for the perfect golf outing day? let our staff execute a flawless & memorable event for you. custom packages available.book todayslide 4live musicsee what's going on every thursday at 5pm. join us for fun, live music, and food & beverages on our patio.view calendarslide 5online storepick up a gift card valid anywhere on property. they never expire. perfect for birthdays, holidays, even for a special event.shop here 

















the pride of boone county
welcome to timber pointe golf club in poplar grove, located just 20 minutes east of rockford, il, minutes off i-90. our expertly conditioned 18 hole championship golf course challenges golfers of all skill levels, offering fun, exciting, and very affordable golf for players of all abilities.
timber pointe features a practice range with grass tees, a private instruction tee with accurate distance markers, a large putting green, separate chipping and putting greens, two practice bunkers, and four target greens measured at the same distances as our par 3 holes...a unique feature not seen anywhere within the rockford golf scene. add to that our fully stocked golf shop and the best food & bar of any northern illinois public golf course...and you’ll quickly understand why so many golfers call us "home".
a short drive from chicago with a relaxing & friendly atmosphere
the course     tee times 














 



golf memberships

once you experience timber pointe yourself, you will find it's easy to see why so many golfers choose us as their home course. with one of the most picturesque settings for 18 holes of golf in northern illinois, you just may find yourself a member before too long. we have frequent golf & social activities for our members as well.
packages
we have plenty of membership categories available to choose from. our packages include 7-day, weekday, twilight, juniors, social, corporate, and more!
learn more





 



weddings & events

consider timber pointe golf club for a worry-free event experience. we have a professional staff ready to help you with all the details. we have a range of services and partners to ensure your event is a grand success. contact us and let us help you get the planning underway!
facilities
our contemporary and up-to-date clubhouse fits 90 people comfortably and opens to an outdoor patio and firepit area overlooking the golf course. directly adjacent, our covered special event tent (seasonal) can host events for up to 175+.
learn more





 



live music

timber pointe golf club certainly is the place to be on thursdays during the summer months. join us for fun, live music, and food & beverages on our patio, and take in all the treats of our beautiful location has to offer. you don't have to be a golfer to attend.
every thursday
from june 1st through labor day, food service starts @ 5:00 p.m. and the live music portion starts around 6:30 p.m. click below to see the schedule of bands and sponsors for the entire year.
learn more














ready to tee it up?

click here







 in the news






online tee times

tee times can be made online for the best price anywhere. in fact, we have a "low price guarantee" for tee times booked on our site...no need to search anywhere else!
click here





the risk free, full value rain check

find out why bad weather doesn’t matter at timber pointe. it's always a good day to play golf...here's your excuse...suffer no more!
click here







 upcoming eventsno events

view full calendar







© timber pointe golf club • 5750 woodstock road • poplar grove, il 61065tel: (815) 544-1935 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company  follow via facebookfollow on instagramcontact us today!






timber pointe golf club5750 woodstock roadpoplar grove, il 61065











golfcourse
the coursetee timesrates & feesfacilitiesgolf instructionthe clubmembership
membership infolive music thursdays!the grilleoutings& events
great golf outingsbanquets & eventscalendar of eventsonline registrationcontactdirections
join our email clubonline storecontact & directions





















