






american haflinger registry – official registry of haflinger horses in north america





























































 






















home

about ahr
why haflingers
faq
news
facebook


breed info

welcome
haflinger history
breed standards and information
connect with haflingers
haflinger research

pedigree search
licensed stallions
suffix list
dna testing
how to: researching registration status
inspection & classification results




events & programs

upcoming events
american haflinger registry sale
national & futurity shows

current events
previous show results


inspection & classification
points and awards

golden path recreation program
ambassador performance program
usdf all-breeds awards


ahr youth
judge accreditation program

ahr judge list




membership

membership benefits
member portal login
forms and documents
horse bits newsletter
the ahr annual


the registry

our purpose
bylaws
registry rules & regulations
code of conduct & grievance policy
board members and contacts
forms and documents


marketplace

member farm directory
classified ads
ahr merchandise
regional clubs
affiliate organizations
ahr partners


member login












 
























































































































the american haflinger registry is a democratic member-owned association dedicated to providing timely and accurate documentation of haflinger pedigrees and ownership, as well as promoting the haflinger breed through the sponsorship of shows, sales, advertising and our voluntary classification program.








the registry








breed info








events & programs









join us
join over 11,000 north american haflinger owners in their promotion, support, and enthusiasm for this breed!  members receive reduced rates on registry transactions, haflinger horse bits newsletters and haflinger horse yearbook, eligibility ahr programs, and more.
 

learn about membership












why haflingers?
 the perfect family horse
 willing and forgiving temperament
 athleticism and strength for all disciplines
 trainability, heart, and desire to please
 unique golden coloring with long ivory mane and tail




faqpedigree searchdirectorypoints and awards



what is a haflinger?
where can i see haflingers?
how do i register a haflinger?
how do i transfer a haflinger?
how do i research my haflinger?

search the pedigree database, progeny reports, ownership history, and more, all on our digitalhorses platform. 

explore regional clubs and associations, find nearby owners and breeders, view members’ classified ads and more, all on our expanded connect with haflingers page. 

from performance awards to recreation milestones, ahr offers recognition for our members’ and their haflingers’ accomplishments!  enroll, submit hours and points, and track progress here. 





search for:















latest news






   
inspection added to the futurity show! aug 13, 2023 news flash! there will be an inspection and classification at the ahr sport futurity this fall! it will take place friday afternoon, october 6th, starting around 2:30 p.m. location is lake erie college, mentor oh. for more information and an...
 read more

 





follow us!












upcoming events
 




 may 20252025 ashland haflinger sale - may 23rd & 24th2025 ashland haflinger sale - may 23rd & 24thdate may 23  -  24, 2025venue  ashland county fairgroundslocation ashland oh  july 202526th annual great lakes haflinger association show26th annual great lakes haflinger association showdate jul 4  -  5, 2025venue  allen county fairgroundslocation lima oh 





































view all events







contact us








address
po box 12416402 village parkwayfredericktown oh 43019








phone
(330) 784-0000








e-mail
secretary@haflingerhorse.com








contact the board
view directors and committees here








social media
follow us on facebook!





 














american haflinger registry
po box 124
16402 village parkway
fredericktown oh 43019
(330) 784-0000
secretary@haflingerhorse.com
office hours
monday to friday 8 am to 4:30 pm est



recent news







inspection added to the futurity show!




2023 inspection and classification




we’re back!











quick links
^ member portal
^ join now
^ pedigree search
^ forms and documents
^ directors and committee chairs



search for:














© copyright 2025 american haflinger registry | contact webmaster



 















 



















































 


