












ironite plant fertilizer | pennington























































 



























 












lawncare



seeding


patch and repair


lawn fertilizer


 



gardening



plant food


soil amendments


plant seeds


wildflower


potting soil


 



birding



seed feed and treats


hummingbird


feeders, houses, accessories


pet bird


 



learning



lawncare articles


lawncare faq


gardening articles


gardening faq


wildbird articles


wildbird faq


 



email



customer service


email sign-up


 



our story

 



//wildlife, ag & pro turf



wildlife


agriculture


pro turf


 





 















 








 












for a deep green lawn.
a unique concentrated formula that provides a deep green
lawn without the excessive growth. more time enjoying your
lawn and less time mowing it.





for a deep green lawn.
a unique concentrated formula that provides a deep green
lawn without the excessive growth. more time enjoying your
lawn and less time mowing it.



 




























 






pennington /


all products /


gardening /


ironite /


















 























clear all






                        form
                    




granule (2)



liquid (1)






                        plant name
                    




azalea (1)



blooming plants (2)



blueberries (1)



bulbs blooming flowers (2)



camellia (1)



citrus avocados (1)



hibiscus (1)



lawn and garden (2)



palm trees (1)



roses and flowers (1)



tomato and vegetables (1)



trees (1)



tropical plants (1)











ironite
ironite brand iron-based mineral supplements and fertilizers provide the answer you need to restore pale, yellow lawns and plants to rich, vibrant green. specially formulated to overcome pale color caused by nutrient deficiencies, ironite supplements and fertilizers help you maintain a beautiful green lawn and gardens all season long.


the unique concentrated formula in ironite mineral supplement 1-0-1 gives your lawn rich green color without causing the excessive growth that nitrogen-rich lawn fertilizers can bring. that means you spend less time mowing and more time enjoying your lawn. and, unlike many other iron-containing products, ironite mineral supplement 1-0-1 won’t burn your grass or stain sidewalks and other hardscapes when used as directed.


perfect for use any time of year, on any actively growing grass, ironite mineral supplement also supplements your regular fertilization for flowers, shrubs, vegetables and trees. and because it’s fortified with ast advanced soil technology, the benefits are two-fold: it improves your soil’s physical condition to maximize plant performance, and it boosts water penetration and retention to conserve water, too.


ironite lawn & plant fertilizers combine color-enhancing iron with high-quality essential plant nutrients, so your lawn and plants turn green and grow. non-burning, these easy-to-use fertilizers feed your lawn and plants through their leaves as well as through their roots. and, because it’s ironite brand, your lawn and plants are destined for deep, rich, green growth.
 



3 products found

 











ironite mineral supplement 1-0-0 from the makers of pennington

ironite granules are a mineral supplement and contain soluble iron, giving your plants a quick greening.












ironite liquid lawn & garden spray 7-0-1 from the makers of pennington

feeds lawns, trees, shrubs and flower gardens through foliage and through the root system.












ironite plus 12-10-10

contains essential primary, secondary and micronutrients for strong roots and lush, green growth.









load more

































































 



















 










©2023 pennington seed, inc. all trademarks are either property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and/or related companies, or property of their respective owners.        









privacy policy 

terms of use 







 






 

