






















military certificates index


  







army         


navy        

usmc        


usaf 
       


uscg



foreign  awards 
  



shadow  box 
  

dd-214/215 - free





rvn  service  awards 

  

ordering  info




shit hole country service medal


shit pot burner medal


veteran id cards


















	military commemoratives



 






main index


army  
		            
		



usmc


navy              
		


air 
		force

coast guard


        civilian service


        merchant marine



foreign issue



rvn  
		awards



		dd-214/215  - free

shadow box



shit hole 
		country    
		




service medal

shit pot 
		burner medal


ordering info


our military awards, training 
	certificates and veteran cards are artistic renderings of my own creation 
	and we retain all 
	copyrights
our certificates and veteran cards are unofficial commemoratives and are intended for 
	your personal use. 
these items may not be entered into your srb, if 
	you use these items for official purposes or present for official use 
	any certificate or card that you did not earn, you are in violation of federal laws 
	and therefore subject to prosecution under title 18 us code, ---  and
the government takes the law vary seriously, i know, in 2012 i found 
  myself on the wrong side of a federal courtroom and it cost me 2 years of my 
  time. as a result i had to make some changes to both the web site and  
  most of the items we offer. 

our certificates are printed using 
	waterproof ink on a single pass offset printer, unlike inkjet and laser 
	printers which spray ink onto the page, offset printers lay the image onto a 
	drum, when the paper rolls over the drum it picks up the image. the end 
	result is a crisp, raised ink image, that will never bleed or fade 
	(providing that you do not display in direct sun light). 

our veteran cards are printed 
    using a professional credit card card printer on plastic credit card blanks. 
    the cards are the same size and thickness as a credit card.
i started this business virtually by 
	accident, a little over 21 years ago. i unfortunately lost my original 
	bronze star and purple heart certificates in a tornado in florida back in 
	1992. when i petitioned the navy department for replacements i was informed 
	that the government no longer replaces the related documents, only the 
	medals. i had training in graphics publishing, so i decided to re-create my 
	lost documents. with a lot of trial and error, we have evolved to where we 
	are today.

i am also proud to have had the 
	opportunity to produce the certificates that you see periodically displayed 
	on the cbs series "the unit" , the lifetime series "army wives" the movies 
	"men who view goats, and the remake of the "the manchurian candidate".

 

my personal guarantee:
when you receive your certificates, 
	check them over closely for correct spelling of your name and any other 
	personal info. it doesn't happen often, but occasionally we do make a 
	mistake, and in this event, we will replace your certificate at no 
	additional charge. 
also, if your certificates are damaged 
	by the post office during delivery, contact us and we will replace them at 
	no charge. 


created by bob neener, disabled usmc  
	combat wounded vietnam veteran
 

semper fi, bob
 







 





 




the present 
		turn-around time is 1 business day. your order will go out via first 
		class mail 

on the 1st business 
		day after the order is placed. if the turn-around time should change we 
		will post it here

all documents for sale on this web site are printed on 
		8.5 x 11 - 32 lb. aged parchment, 

and personalized with your name, rank & dates if provided

  the ( shadow box presentation  is 13" x 
		19" and printed on photo glossy)

these documents are 
		unofficial and have been designed to commemorate your military service

these documents are 
		not approved by the u. s. government for any official use

under title 18, 
		u.s. code, violators can be prosecuted
 





all rights 
					reserved  bob neener military 
					certificates  2003, 2004, 
					2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 


2009, 2010,
					
					2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018© 






