














suny potsdam | suny potsdam










































































































instagram






combined shape




quotation
created with sketch.






69

















































































































 skip to main content











academics


programs of study


online & hybrid programs


school of arts & sciences


crane school of music


school of education & professional studies


applied learning


academic resources


academic calendar




admission & aid


apply


financial aid


tuition & fees


accepted students


visit campus


request information


find your counselor




life at potsdam


student activities


housing


dining


health & wellness 


career services


student support


recreation


diversity




athletics


athletic facilities


fitness center


club sports


intramurals


sports medicine




about


our campus


location


campus leadership


administrative offices


college history


campus safety


mission


online directory









news


events


contact


visit


give


the quad





search this site



search





information for


current students


faculty & staff


alumni


community












 



emergency notification

suny potsdam alert: switch to remote learning planned for monday, february 17

      read more.
   
















find your calling.
find yourself.



      request info
   
      visit
   
      apply
   









an uncommon college experience in northern new york.








400

annual arts performances










11:1

student-to-faculty ratio










134

academic programs
























discover your path.



crane school of music



school of education & professional studies



school of arts & sciences





      browse all areas of study
   






explore
see for yourself – visit suny potsdam
visiting suny potsdam




invest
find out about cost and aid opportunities
affording suny potsdam




apply
learn about the admissions process
applying to suny potsdam









immerse yourself in a campus culture that's as eclectic as you are.




old fossils. new spaces.
dr. page quinton is bringing paleontology to life in the brand-new environmental science lab, where students are getting hands-on experience learning how fossils are formed, studying mass extinction events, and examining evolutionary patterns based on the fossil record.read more




learning to fly
from mentoring young hawks to shaping the next generation of musicians, sasha truax’s journey blends hands-on experience with a deep commitment to both her studies and her community. check out her story and see how the suny potsdam senior is flying toward a bright future.read more




the business pitch
from pitching innovative business ideas in class to preparing for an mba, lyvia chambers ’25 is making her mark as an aspiring entrepreneur. learn how suny potsdam's hands-on business courses and inspiring mentors are shaping her future.read more




‘best job i’ve ever had’
kate favaro ’13 is turning her personal experiences with grief into a career dedicated to supporting others who are dealing with loss. discover how her journey from a sociology student at suny potsdam to a grief services coordinator is helping normalize the grieving process and make a real difference in her community.read more




boning up on forensic anthropology
anthropology meets law enforcement in a unique hands-on training session at suny potsdam, where students dive into the world of forensic anthropology to solve mock crime scenes. led by katelin babbitt '26, this immersive experience with the law enforcement training institute highlights the power of applied learning in criminal justice education.read more




musical connections
from classrooms and performance halls at crane to the stage of the lake george music festival, alexander lombard '07 & '09 is connecting the next generation of musicians with real-world opportunities. after more than a decade of festival success, he's giving back to his roots, offering music business students an exclusive internship to experience the magic behind the scenes.read more




future in focus
ever since he was in middle school, lucas scalcione '25 knew that he wanted to pursue a career in medicine, specifically ophthalmology. now he has completed the rigorous mcat exam, is wrapping up his degree in biology at suny potsdam, and will be entering medical school next fall.read more




from hobby to hollywood
when brett bull ’17 arrived at suny potsdam as a psychology major, he never expected that his side music projects would lead to a career in the music industry. after working in the studio with a music producer during his final years at suny potsdam, his music has continued to gain traction. after joining the crucial music corporation—which focuses on placing music from independent artists in blockbuster films and television shows—his song “hit the strip” has been chosen for the hollywood film, “anora!”.read more




in their own words
wondering what it's like to attend suny potsdam? our students share their perspectives on student life, academics, and career preparedness.read more




‘potsdam shaped who i am’
just four years after completing his degree at suny potsdam in exercise science, luke vitale ’20 has already received his doctor of physical therapy (dpt) degree from duke university, completed three clinical rotations around the country, and has now launched his career as a physical therapist.read more




tiny bugs, big trouble
the emerald ash borer is decimating northeast forests, but dr. jessica pearson and her student team are getting a step ahead of the threat.read more




unearthing clues from another time
last month, dr. hadley kruczek-aaron and her students spent four weeks excavating artifacts from heaven hill farm, a historic farmstead in the heart of the adirondacks. the immersive hands-on experience allowed students like sebastian herrera ’25 and leia’lani dibble ’26 to use trowels and other tools to uncover food remains, shells, bone, ceramics, and glass, and reveal signs of everyday life on the farm over the past 200 years.read more







news







suny potsdam alert: switch to remote learning planned for monday, february 17
february 16, 2025









crane school of music kicks off the spring semester with faculty recitals & student performances 
february 13, 2025









suny potsdam alert: morning in-person classes canceled for thursday, february 13
february 13, 2025







view all news




events






jan
21


spring semester food pantry hours








feb
14


writers' block walk-in tutoring hours








feb
17


a sharp arrangement bake sale







view all events






discover a life-changing education in the shadow of the adirondack mountains.


      take a virtual campus tour
   
      schedule a visit
   
      explore the area
   



















information for:


current students


faculty & staff


alumni


community








news


events


contact


visit


give


the quad






facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube







privacy policy


accessibility



© 2025 suny potsdam the state university of new york at potsdam, all rights reserved.
44 pierrepont avenue. | potsdam, ny 13676. | 315-267-2000














