 








kathy's kakes | 







































































 




     

 










 


 

 









kathy’s creative kakes


 



dear friends,
due to unforeseen health challenges, i’ve come to the difficult decision to close kathy’s creative kakes on december 31, 2024.  i’m going to be fine but need to concentrate on a less stressful lifestyle going forward. it’s become clear that i can no longer keep up with the demands of running the business.
for the past 20 years, this bakery has been my passion, a place where i poured my creativity into each cake, workshop, summer camp and birthday party. i’ve watched my wonderful customers grow, graduate, marry, have kids, and then start again with the next generation.  to say that it has brought much joy and love into my life would be an understatement.
managing the shop has always required immense dedication and energy, but my health now requires my full attention. as i prepare to take this next step, i want to express my deepest gratitude to all of my loyal customers. your support over the years has meant everything to me. though this chapter is closing, the memories and connections will always remain close to my heart.
much love, kathleen (kathy) ❤️


big blowout sale
we will be holding a huge sale of our bakery supplies, decorations, cake plates, pans and equipment starting tuesday january 14, 2025, from 10am to 5pm (including saturday and sunday) through the end of january, or until we’re sold out.  we have lots of vintage cake pans, molds, cutters and many other items — great for home decorators and crafters of all ages.  we hope you’ll come by and see us!!!
if you are a bay area bakery/store please call or email us if you’re interested in coming by to see the larger commercial equipment: mixers, stainless steel tables, wood block tables, full sheet pans, half sheet pans, round, square, oval and petal shape pan sets, and lots of other equipment.
kathleen luzzi

kathy’s creative kakes
616 south b street | san mateo, ca 94401
(650) 348-kake (5253)
igm #kathyscreativekakes

 








 


  



a sweet measure of imagination is baked into every one of our cakes!
© 2020 kathy’s cakes




home orig
about us
services
contact
 


 









https://www.childthemewp.com/




































































































