





visionary belly dance|4128 fremont ave n seattle wa  

 






















<![endif]-->







home | about us | contact us | calendar

















seattle studio
seattle studio: local classes
calendar
delilah's registration form
private instruction
party rental
make a donation
special events
neighborhood temple priestess
teachers
student notebook
web clubs
about vdp studios




stage
book a performance
about the performers
about the musicians
studio parties
see a show
press
inspirational videos
performance image gallery










 


discover the art of belly dance




delilah
d’s blog
inspiration




visionary belly dance has been doing business in seattle wa since 1985. consumed by our bliss to perform, teach, inspire, praise belly dancers of all ages, shapes, sizes and elevate the art of belly dance around the world. we strive daily to bring belly dancers authentic techniques, belly dancer principals of performance, and the philosophy of independent belly dancing while reinforcing healthy body image and self esteem values.
we are proud to announce our next big event  is the erik brown celebrative drum and belly dance workshop series 2019. dates; sept 14, october 12th and nov 9th. featuring a middle eastern tabla drum course and belly dance classes taught by 6 area professional dancers. details here 
plus/ . . .on saturday september 14th we are having one of our famous h.o.t. house concert! featuring the live music by the 5 member middle eastern music ensemble called house of tarab. with dancers ruby, delilah, and anyelle. three generations of dancers demonstrating belly dance lives forever. you won’t want to miss it! mark it on your calendar!  (call to reserve a seat.)







 
 




 

 




 

 

copyright © 2010. all text and images on this site are under copyright by visionary dance productions. material on this site may not be reprinted for public distribution or posted on any other web site without permission. if you want to use an image or any intellectual property found on our site, please e-mail or call us with your request.
    

4115 fremont ave. n., seattle, wa 98103 • (206) 632-2353
classes, events & workshops |delilah's registration form|belly dance classes | belly dancing booking & performance | about delilah | belly dance retreats
articles about belly dancing | belly dance video clips | delilah’s blog | webclubs | links | site map








