






home        article chart       
barb


  






 

home                 
      article chart        
              
      barb's resources        
              
      course        
          
      homeschool summit



 
 







 
 
i'm so glad you've found your 
            way here to my oasis! my husband, dave,  

            and i homeschooled our three kids from start to finish 
–
            
            as in we graduated them from our homeschool - and we lived to tell 
            about it! 

    







 





in fact, i have lots to say 
            that i hope you'll take time to 
            listen to before you give in to the temptation to go out and 
            buy a huge, expensive pile of curriculum and submit your poor kids - 
            and their childhoods, their creativity, and their love of learning.
 
if you are burning out, you need the 
            exact same thing as anyone just starting out, because you missed 
            some foundational truth in the beginning that would have prevented 
            you from burning out. 
 
and that truth is regarding what 
            "true education" is all about. hint:  it's much less complicated, 
            difficult or expensive than what you might think it is!
 
i love this quote by john taylor 
            gatto, who you'll be hearing more from here:  
 
 
 






  
   "i don’t think we’ll get rid of 
        schools any time soon, certainly not in my lifetime, but if we’re going 
        to change what’s rapidly becoming a disaster of ignorance, we need to 
        realize that the school institution "schools" very well, though it does 
        not "educate"; that’s inherent in the design of the thing. it’s not the 
        fault of bad teachers or too little money spent. it’s just impossible 
        for education and schooling ever to be the same thing."

 
        – john taylor gatto





                
 
 
that last 
sentence!!! "it's just impossible for education and schooling to ever be 
the same thing"!  if you can get this right at the 
beginning, it will drastically reduce the amount you spend on unnecessary 
curriculum that will only burn out you and your kids...  and it will change 
the entire course of your homeschooling journey...  of the remaining years 
you have with your children...  the relationships you have with them and 
the direction they go in life...  and ultimately how prepared they will be 
for "the works god prepared beforehand for them." it changes everything!!!
 
so i hope 
you'll spend some time here at the oasis i have prepared for you to take in what 
is here! my intent and hope are to help you lay aside fear...  wrong 
thinking that's only binding you up... and 
preconceived ideas of what education is so that you can experience all
that 
god has for you and your kids during these years. 
 
and, 
believe me, they come to an end all too soon! of course, once they leave home, 
they often come back...  with a wonderful spouse and wonderful grandkids. 
and you'll enjoy even these even more if you focus on getting the most 
out of these precious years that they are in your care. 
 
here are 
the original 5 of us five in our younger years... (this is a picture of a 
picture - in the olden days when there were covered wagons and no digital 
cameras, let alone smart phones!)  ...  and here we are a few decades 
later...
 
 
 
 

 



 
  
the extended shelton family at 
            tory and tasha's wedding winter 
            of 2023 :
l to r:  sam, weston, chase, sharnessa, 
            jonah, henry, tory, tasha, isaac, barb, dave, annelisa, carlianne, 
            and cj





       
       
here's where to go!
       









transcript & 
            portfolio


creation service
 

need help creating a 
            transcript?

let barb shelton help!


 
 










homeschool launch course



by barb shelton
 

get a good start (or re-start)

at homeschooling with barb's 
            own

homeschool course!


 
 









article chart
 

120+ articles right here at

homeschool oasis to start 
            renewing your mind on education!



 
 









let's do this!

 

my videos - on facebook 


and on youtube - to 


encourage and stretch you
            

in many creative ways!


 
 









homeschool oasis resources

 

here's where to buy

the many resources that barb

shelton has created!


 
 







31-day "let's do this"

challenge

 

this course (on udemy) created
            

by barb will expand your 
            creativity, deepen your soul & relationships, 

and brighten your heart!
 


 
 









homeschool summit

 

the conference coming

up this fall here in the 


longview/kelso area that 


barb will be speaking at!


 
 









homeschool alliance of sw washington

 

the place for those in sw wa

to find help for those just
            

starting out or who need new

focus and vision!


 
 




  




 
 
copyright 2022 by barb shelton / homeschool oasis
 

