


 chronos: the future of time travel 


























find us on google+

  







 •   chronos home  
 •   9-d theory  
 •   using time gates  
 •   destiny, causality 
 •   navigating timelines
 •   temporal phasing  
 •   teleportation  
 •   e-mail us / f.a.q. 
 •   about us  
 •   gift shop 
 •   movies / dvds 
 •   message board  
 •   delphi forum  












e-mail 
              login




password







new 
              users
sign up!



















"making tomorrow's history today"


the future of time travel

you have reached the ultimate guide to time travel, teleportation, 
temporal phasing, and other applications of nine-dimensional theory.
select a category below for more information on a specific topic:



nine-dimensional theory
a brief overview of the exciting new field of trans-dimensional physics.


using time gates
how and where to build a sixth-dimensional time gate, and how to use it wisely.


destiny, causality, and temporal divergence
before you time travel, you must understand the causal forces at work in various timelines.


navigating parallel timelines
how to travel into the past and future of divergent timelines.


temporal phasing
how to speed up and slow down time through the fifth dimension.


interspatial teleportation
how to use the higher dimensions for instantaneous travel.







find us on google+
the official google+ page for chronos technologies, inc.



time travel message board
exchange your thoughts on time travel.



delphi chat forum
post your time travel theories and questions.



e-mail us
send questions or comments  about this site.



about us
learn about chronos technologies, inc.



timemail@chronos.ws
get a free web-based e-mail account. ideal for time travellers on the go!



i returned from a parallel universe through the sixth dimension and all i got was this lousy t-shirt.
visit the chronos gift shop and pick up a 
	souvenir of your trans-dimensional trip.






related links

illuminated site of the week for november 16, 2007






scifi.com site of the week
scifi.com names chronos.ws its site of the week for september 2, 2003.



www.interdimensional.travel
the ultimate guide to time travel, teleportation, 
temporal phasing, and other applications of nine-dimensional theory.



the h.g. wells society
learn about the author of "the time machine."



scifi.com site of the week
scifi.com names chronos.ws its site of the week for september 2, 2003.



trekguide.com =/\= star trek episode guides
a comprehensive episode listing of the popular tv series.



teleportec ltd
teleportation technology is the 21st century alternative to travel.



time travel research links
other sites related to time travel.



secret agent magazine
an online magazine about secret agents, and the latest gadgets and weapons.



scifi.com site of the week
scifi.com names chronos.ws its site of the week for september 2, 2003.



the days after tomorrow
comic strips by p. l. sublett.






unrelated links

chronos technology ltd
international provider and system integrator 
	 for telecom networks.



chronos unlimited technology
distributor of computer components and peripherals 
	 in asia and europe.

















enter your search terms



 





web


chronos.ws


submit search form















purchase pocket watches in the following countries:
[u.s.] | [u.k.]




















enter your search terms



 





web


chronos.ws


submit search form























copyright © 2120 chronos technologies, inc.no content from chronos.ws may be reproduced in any medium for any reason, in any timeline, without explicit permission.
questions? comments? suggestions? contact us.

 next page >>



: )










