


american adoptions - american adoptions - america's adoption agency




























top

×




american adoptions


get started




   
  










pregnant?pregnant?getting startedview waiting familiesthe adoption processbenefits of adoptionyour next stepsget startedhelp withfinding a familyliving and medical expensesfather of the babybaby already bornfaqdoes adoption cost?open vs. closedhow adopted children feelmore...pregnant? homeview our waiting familiesget your free informationadoption processadoption process - articleswhat does adoption mean to a birth mother?how to start the adoption processhow to put a baby up for adoption [complete guide]how you are in control of your adoption processhow to create an adoption plan for your baby [the decisions you'll get to make]can i make an adoption hospital plan? [yes - here\'s how]your ultimate guide to the adoption hospital experience [everything you need to know]understanding labor [how to prepare]does planned parenthood help with adoption?is adoption an option for me?is adoption an option for me? - articlesare there requirements for giving a baby up for adoption? [adoption is always possible]when can you 'give a child up' for adoption?when can you 'give a child up' for adoption? - articleswhen can you give a child up for adoption?"i want to give my unborn child up for adoption"putting your baby up for adoption after birth [complete guide]how fast can i place my child for adoption?can i give my baby up for adoption at the hospital? [the complete guide]can you put a baby up for adoption after you take them home?is it possible to give an older child up for adoption? placing a child for adoption by ageplacing a child for adoption by age - articlesputting a child up for adoption at any age can you place a 1-month old for adoption? [the perfect adoptive family is waiting]can i place my 2-month-old for adoption? [how adoption can help you]can you place a child for adoption at 3 months? [yes - here's how]how to place a 4-month-old up for adoption [create a better future]how to place a 5-month-old for adoption [how our agency can help you]can i place my 6-month-old up for adoption? [how adoption is always an option]can i place my child for adoption at 7 months? [adoption is always possible]can i place my 8-month-old up for adoption [why adoption will always be an option]can i place my baby for adoption at 9 months old? [yes - here's how]moreplacing older children for adoptionplacing older children for adoption - articleswhat is an adoption transition plan?will the adoptive family change my child's name?what's the difference between open adoption vs. co-parenting?5 big questions to ask yourself before considering adoption5 ways cope after you place your child for adoptionis placing an older child up for adoption a crime?the facts you need to know about temporary adoptionmoream i too young or old to choose adoption?am i too young or old to choose adoption? - articles5 things to consider when placing a baby for adoption in your teenswhat are my pregnancy options at 20?why women in their 30s choose to give a baby up for adoption4 reasons to consider giving a baby up for adoption in your 40s choosing adoption in difficult circumstanceschoosing adoption in difficult circumstances - articleshomeless, pregnant and considering adoption [get the help you need]choosing adoption after assaultcan i choose adoption if i am pregnant and addicted?making an adoption plan when cps is involved [is adoption still an option?]can you give your child up to the state?i don\'t want my child anymore: what do i do? [your options for moving forward]making an adoption plan in prison [can you still choose adoption?]putting a child up for adoption without u.s. citizenship [is it possible?]choosing adoption for a child with special needsreligious views on 'giving up' your child for adoptionreligious views on 'giving up' your child for adoption - articlesfinding a jehovah's witness family to adopt my child giving your child up for adoption as a christian [what to know]giving your child up for adoption in judaismgiving your child up for adoption in islamgiving your child up for adoption in buddhismgiving baby up for adoption in hinduismgiving your child up for adoption as an atheistputting your child up for adoption while in the military [adoption is an option for you] what happens when transgender people face an unintended pregnancy?find an adoptive familyfind an adoptive family - articlesfind a family by regionfind a family by region - articlesyour guide to finding adoptive families in the southhow to find adoptive families on the east coastadoptive families in the northeastfinding adoptive families in the midwesthow to find adoptive families in the southwestfinding adoptive families on the west coastyour guide to finding adoptive families in the northwestfind a family by political viewsfind a family by political views - articlesfind liberal families looking to adoptfind conservative families looking to adoptfind adoptive families by heritage and culturefind adoptive families by heritage and culture - articleshow to find australian american families looking to adopt finding african american families looking to adoptfinding north and central american families looking to adoptyour guide to finding south american families looking to adoptfind eastern european families to adopt my babyfind northern european families to adopt my babyfind southern european families to adopt my babyfind south asian families to adopt my babyfind southeast asian families to adopt my babywestern asian families to adopt my babymoreview our waiting familiesfinding your adoption match [what you need to know]how to find someone to adopt my babyhow do i find someone to adopt a baby? [3 steps]finding families looking to adopt that look like mefind families near me looking to adopthow to find adoptive families who will teach my languagemorefinancial supportfinancial support - articlesdo mothers "get paid" for adoption? does it cost money to put a child up for adoption?help with medical and legal expenses5 housing options for pregnant women considering adoptionputting a baby up for adoption with little or no insuranceadoption scholarshipadoption scholarship - articles"i will be the birth mother she deserves" - how adoption helped chauniece find stability"i just knew" - how finding the right family made candice's decision clear"adoption could give hope" - how adoption helped jah heal"amazing opportunities" - how adoption is still benefiting brittnee, 10 years later"a comfortable choice" - how adoption helped jessica when she was struggling"adoption chose me" - how rebecca gave her son the life she wanted for him "a greater calling" - how adoption helped malana find purpose in pain"i have extended my family" - what sarah gained by choosing adoption"it is not hard to know what's best" - how rosa overcame grief to choose adoption"41, pregnant, single and scared" - how sara found pride in her adoption decisionmorefmla & adoption: do birth parents get maternity leave?father of the babyfather of the baby - articlesunsupportive, uninterested or unknown birth fathershow to tell the father about an unplanned pregnancyhow do i tell the birth father about my adoption plan?supportive birth fathers, married couples choosing adoptionwhat are my responsibilities as the father?if my child is adopted, do i still have to pay child support?new relationships and unplanned pregnancyunplanned pregnancy and marriage: navigating this challenging surpriseopen adoptionopen adoption - articlesopen adoption familieswhat's it like to give a child up for open adoption? [how to stay connected to your child]if you give your child up for adoption, can you still have contact with them?questions to ask adoptive parents during your first meeting building a relationship with the adoptive family [you can create a forever connection]trusting the adoptive family in open adoption 10 open adoption facts that might surprise youopen adoption pros and cons [the benefits for everyone involved]open adoption families emotional supportemotional support - articlesinspirational birth mother quotes and sayingsreal birth mothers on why they don't regret giving a baby up for adoption24-hour adoption hotline24-hour adoption hotline - articlesadoption hotline 24/7 - get free information before starting the processadoption counseling - reaching your adoption specialist for freekeeping your adoption plan secret is it hard to put a newborn baby up for adoption? [common questions]5 reasons adoption is a selfless decisionemotions of "giving your child up" for adoption [what to expect]how to cope after "giving baby up" for adoption [3 steps]grief vs. depression: understanding the difference [when to seek help]is placing your infant for adoption wrong? [what's best for you]common adoption questionscommon adoption questions - articlesfrequently asked adoption questions [get the answers you need for your adoption] emotions of labor, delivery and the hospital stay [what to expect]dating after adoption [how to talk about adoption]can i put my baby up for adoption?can i put my child up for adoption?how do i give my baby up for adoption?how do i put my child up for adoption?what is it called when you give up your child?can i give up my parental rights?can you ask social services to take your child?moremoreadoptadoptgetting startedthe adoption processfirst steps of adoptionservices we offeradoption wait timesbegin your home studyget startedchoosing an agencywhy choose american adoptionsadoption success ratesnational vs. local adoption agenciesprofessionals to avoidhow to avoid common mistakesfaqadoption costshow adoption worksbenefits we offermore...adoptive family homefree adoption informationjoin nowdomestic adoption situationspregnant?adoption costsadoption costs - articleshow much does it cost to adopt a child?5 common questions about adoption costscommon types of adoption feescomparing the costs of domestic, international and foster care adoptiondo you have to pay to adopt a child?the average cost of adoption - what to expectwhy is adoption so expensive?affording adoptionaffording adoption - articlesadoption assistance benefitsadoption financing: how to afford adoptionwhat you need to know about adoption loanshow adoption grants can help fund your adoptiondo you get financial help if you adopt?how to fundraise for adoption2022 adoption tax credit informationadoption disruption insurance understanding your adoption maternity leave rights employer-provided adoption benefitsmorehelping you adopt within your budgetexplaining adoption living expensesmorewhat is domestic adoption?what is domestic adoption? - articleshow to adopt a child in 7 stepshow u.s. adoption workswhat is private adoption? adopt a baby with american adoptions do you want to adopt a newborn baby?the domestic adoption process [complete guide to how adoption works]why adopt? 23 reasons to adopt a childdomestic vs. international adoptionour domestic adoption programminimizing adoption wait timesmorechoosing a professionalchoosing a professional - articlesthe risks of working with an adoption consultantthe 4 questions you need to ask to avoid adoption scams5 adoption services you neednational adoption agencies: a guide for familieslocal adoption agencies guideadoption attorneys and why you need themadoption law centers: a guide for familiesadoption facilitators: the risks of working with oneadoption social workers: what you need to knowwhat are adoption consultants?moreadoption home studyadoption home study - articles4 steps to complete your home studyfinding an adoption home study professionallocal adoption home study servicesadoption home study questions and answerspreparing for a successful home studyyour adoption home study checklisthow to meet your home study requirementspreparing for adoption home study questionshow much does an adoption home study cost?your guide to the adoption reference lettermoreinfertility to adoptioninfertility to adoption - articlesconsidering surrogacyconsidering surrogacy - articlesconsidering surrogacy [growing your family in 7 steps]the surrogacy process [7 steps]surrogacy costs [how it compares to adoption]surrogate qualifications [what are the requirements?]surrogacy vs. adoption [which is right for you?]surrogacy professionals [everyone involved in the process]reasons for surrogacy [is it right for you?]adoption or surrogacy: how we can help with both processeswhy adoption? 3 signs your family is readycoping with infertility: 5 steps to acceptancewill i love an adopted child as much as a biological child?when only one spouse wants to adoptwhat are my infertility options?adoption vs. ivf: what's right for you?5 steps to prepare for adoption after infertilitywhat happens when an adoption falls through?morewhat is open adoption?what is open adoption? - articleswhat is open adoption?open vs. closed adoption: what is the difference?the benefits of contact with the birth parents5 questions you have about pictures and lettershow to find a birth mother to adopt fromhow we screen pregnant birth parentsthe must-knows of birth parent substance usewhat is a closed adoption?the myths of pregnant teens and adoptionmoreexploreexploreadoption information centercontact american adoptionsadoption by stateadoption informationadoption information - articlesinformation about adoption you need to knowthe most common types of adoptionwhat is an adoption center?5 important things to know about adoptionwhat to know about adoption as a birth parentwhat is national adoption day?7 heartwarming adoption quotesthe adoption symbol9 faqs about adoption papersare open adoptions legally enforceable?moreadoption for professionalsadoption for professionals - articlesadoption faq for hospital professionalshow to create a friendly hospital adoption policy7 things nurses can do for a patient choosing adoptionprivate adoption vs. cps [what professionals need to know]what obgyns need to know about adoption [supporting your patients]legal process of adoptionlegal process of adoption - articlesyour complete guide to adoption laws in the u.s.the indian child welfare act (icwa) and adoptionicpc in adoption: what it is & how it worksa guide to termination of birth parent rights in private adoptionpreparing for your post-placement adoption visitswhat to expect during your adoption finalization daytypes of adoptiontypes of adoption - articleshow many ways to adopt are there?resources for interracial adoptionadult adoptionthe differences between private and foster adoptionadoption without an agency: what is independent adoption?is international adoption risky?everything to know about the military adoption processa guide to transracial adoptionadoptedadopted - articleshow american adoptions puts adoptees firstadoptee informationadoptee information - articles10 things about adopted children [they want you to know]adoptee meaninghow many children are adopted each year? [10 adopted kid facts]search and reunionsearch and reunion - articlesyour adoption relationshipsyour adoption relationships - articleshow to talk with your friends about adoption preparing for resistance in your search and reunion [potential challenges]adoption and attachment [your complete guide]how to find an adopted sibling [what you need to know]10 adoption reunion stories you need to knowfinding adoption recordsfinding adoption records - articles finding your adoption medical history [5 methods]  find your adoption mental health history [getting answers] finding your family history [your adoption records] adoptees looking for birth parents [everything you need to know to begin your search]genetic testing for adopted adults: finding your birth parentshow to open adoption records [what to know as an adult adoptee]should you use an adoption reunion registrywhat happens after you’ve found your birth parents?how it feels to be adoptedhow it feels to be adopted - articlesadoption and early childhoodadoption and early childhood - articleswhat does adoption do to a child? how does adoption affect your family?kids reactions to being adopted [what to expect when placing or adopting a child]what is being adopted like? [the adoptee experience] are children happily adopted? [dispelling 7 adoption myths] what can adopted children grow up to be? [endless opportunities] embracing adoption as part of your identity [your adoption story]guilt and adoption [how to cope]adoptee testimonialsadoptee testimonials - articlesa life of love and opportunitya birth mother reunion and the gift of familyan adult adoptee's perspective on her open adoptionchoosing positivity in connecting with birth parentsadopting through american adoptions as an adopteethe need to know my birth motherleaning on faith through an adoption reuniongrowth and understanding in adoptionadoptee support and resourcesadoptee support and resources - articlescoping with the grief of adoption in a healthy waycollege scholarships for adopteesquotes and poems from adopteeshow to find adoptee support groupsa complete guide to counseling for adopted adults20 adoptee blogs and online resources to read20 of the best adoptee books out thereimpact of adoptionimpact of adoption - articlesthe possible long-term effects of adoption on adopteeswhat are the benefits of being adopted?adoptee issues: the impact of adoption trauma, loss and morereconciling adoption and identity as an adopted individualthe truth about adopted adults and relationship issues4 unique challenges faced by transracial adopteesquestions from adopteesquestions from adoptees - articleswhat are my adoptee rights? [your complete guide]can an adopted child inherit from biological parents?5 adoption research studies that might surprise youadvantages of adoption for children [what you need to know]adoptees' perspectivesadoptees' perspectives - articlespositive practices in transracial adoption parentingacknowledging birth culture [from an adoptee's perspective]the importance of national adoption month [an adoptee's perspective]parenting an adopted child: a complete guideparenting an adopted child: a complete guide - articleswhen — and how — to tell your child they are adoptedbreastfeeding an adopted babytalking to your child about their birth familyadopting when you have a birth child - and vice versa3 differences in having an adopted child vs. biological childyour guide to raising an adopted child of another raceabout american adoptionsabout american adoptions - articlesabout us: american adoptions american adoptions' office locations6 reasons people choose american adoptionsask michelle an adoption questionour agency staffwhy american adoptions is one of the best national adoption agencies13 key adoption services you'll need in your journeygetting to know american adoptions co-founder scott marsa life of love and opportunitysusan mars' adoption storymorewhat is adoption?what is adoption? - articleswhat is adoption?what are adoptive families? [and how to become one in 5 steps]what are birth parents?5 things to know if you're adoptedmore

contact us




contact us


call 1-800-adoption
pregnant and would like more info
we are looking to adopt a child

my account
get free info




close menu




here's howadoptioncreates abetter future
 watch video




i'm pregnant
adopt a baby







get free info
call 1-800-adoption



pregnant?


american adoptions
         
   pregnant?


american adoptions



adopt


adopt


explore




contact
my account
 



get started









how the adoption process works
the adoption process is beautiful because it brings people together to give a baby a life filled with love and opportunity.
from deciding if adoption is right for you, to choosing your agency and finding a match, we've broken the adoption process down into 6 steps. here's
    how to place a baby for adoption, and here's 
    how to adopt a baby.
  

3 reasons people choose american adoptions





1. more adoption opportunities
we work with all types of waiting families across the country, giving you hundreds of hopeful parents to choose from. why is this important for you? it gives you a better chance of finding your perfect match.

how this benefits you: 


you want to find the perfect family for your baby. with a decision this important, would you not rather have 300 choices than 30?
with so many diverse families, you'll find the right one for you, no matter what you're looking for. pick where they live, what their family makeup is, their religious beliefs and more.
more prospective birth parents choose american adoptions than other agencies, too. this means more adoption opportunities and lower wait times for our families - a win-win for everyone.








2. better adoption matches
your child deserves the best life you can imagine. that's why we work with the best adoptive families in the country, using advanced screening and matching methods to help you find the right one for your baby.

why is this important? 


unlike on other matching sites, our families have all been thoroughly screened and home-study-approved. that means you can feel confident that any family you fall in love with is going to provide your baby with a safe, loving, prepared home.
we know from our own experiences as adoptive parents, birth parents and adoptees what it takes to be a great adoptive family. we hold our families to the standards we'd want for our own children - because your baby deserves the best.
our one-of-a-kind matching algorithm collects more data on adoptive families, assessing every aspect of their life and finding possible matches based on your needs and wishes. the result? a better match for you - and the best possible life for your child.








3. the best adoption experience
our staff includes people who have personally been through the adoption process. we've been where you are - which means we provide better support to make this process as easy as possible for you.

what does this mean to you? 


we know firsthand what you need from your adoption agency. our support isn't cold and detached. it's real, personal and helpful because, at some point, we needed the same support in our own lives.
you can feel confident, hopeful and encouraged instead of unsure, anxious and fearful. adoption may not be easy. but with our support, it will always be worth it.
you can call 1-800-adoption at any time, 24/7, to get free support and information. you'll be connected with an adoption professional who wants to help.









 top videos

is adoption right for me? [how adoption can create a better future]



open vs closed



"giving a baby up" for adoption is not "giving up" [here's why]




 top articles
how to put a baby up for adoption [complete guide]by putting your baby up for adoption, you can give them a loving family and a bright future. here's how the process works in six steps: 

step 1: decide if adoption is right for you
step 2: make your adoption plan
step 3: find adoptive parents...
 . . . read more


how to find adoptive parents [choosing the perfect match]need to find loving adoptive parents for your baby? there are just 3 steps. here's how it works.. . . read more


what's it like to give a child up for open adoption? [how to stay connected to your child]what does "open adoption" really mean, and what is it like to place a baby in an open adoption today?. . . read more


how do children feel about being adopted?what does it feel like to be adopted? here are some of the words adoptees use to describe it...

"adoption means becoming whole."
"my birth mother is amazing."
"because of adoption, i am different and special!"

adoption can give your baby an amazing life. here's what you need to know.. . . read more


















































view more waiting familes 
about us: american adoptions with involvement in more than 300 domestic adoptions each year, american adoptions is currently one of the largest domestic adoption agencies of its kind in the united states.read the story
the best for her babies - why one birth mother doesn't regret her decisionlindsey was already the mother to one baby with special needs when she found herself pregnant again. a single mom in the midst of a divorce, she knew adoption was the way to give both her daughters what they deserved.read the story
ted mars' adoption storyted mars, father of american adoptions' founder scott mars, shares how adoption changed his world in ways he could have never imagined.
read the story
a life of love and opportunitywhen scott mars, the cofounder of american adoptions, was adopted by his parents, it sparked a lifelong mission to bring other families together through adoption. “because of adoption, my life was filled with love and opportunity," he says.read the story


what's new at american adoptions?

january 27, 2025is your extended family ready for you to adopt?here are some things to ask yourself to see if your extended family is ready for you to adopt.
read the story
december 6, 2024getting through the holidays while waiting for adoptionthe holiday season can bring festive lights, delicious food, and special time with family. it can also put you in conversations with extended family or friends that might be uncomfortable around the topic of “when you will add a child to your family.”
read the story
november 27, 2024why is it important to listen to adoptee voices?adoption has a profound impact on all members of the adoption triad (birth families, adoptive families, and the adoptee), but it has the largest impact on the adoptee. 
read the story







state related adoption information

alabama 
alaska 
arizona 
arkansas 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
delaware 
district of columbia 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
iowa 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
maine 
maryland 
massachusetts 
michigan 
minnesota 
mississippi 
missouri 
montana 
nebraska 
nevada 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
new york 
north carolina 
north dakota 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 
rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
vermont 
virginia 
washington 
west virginia 
wisconsin 
wyoming 










1-800-236-7846

locations
contact american adoptions
legal disclaimer
privacy policy






©2025 american adoptionsall rights reserved



pregnant?

pregnant home
giving baby up for adoption
find an adoptive family
unplanned pregnancy help
father of the baby
financial support
about family and friends
open adoption



adopt

adoptive family home
adoption costs
what is domestic adoption?
choosing a professional
adoption home study
infertility to adoption
what is open adoption?
adoptive family resources



explore

adoption information and resources
adoption
adopted
adoption by state
parenting an adopted child
about american adoptions
adoption services
private vs. foster adoption
what is independent adoption?
adoption statistics
famous adoptions
glossary
social media and adoption
do orphanages still exist?
our blog




american adoptions, a private adoption agency founded on the belief that lives of children can be bettered through adoption, provides safe adoption services to children, birth parents and adoptive families by educating, supporting and coordinating necessary services for adoptions throughout the united states. for more information on american adoptions, please call 1-800-adoption (236-7846) 
 1-800-adoption get started












