



classic car sales, classic auto miami, classic used cars, classic cars florida, muscle car sales, bentley miami, antique cars











 

























        	my garage
        

        	(0)
        















homeinventoryfinancingabout usconsignmenttestimonialscontact us 












×


                ted vernon is pleased to announce his semi-retirement, and will work by appointment only.
				if you have questions about any of our inventory,
				please call ted at 305 608-2121
				




























            	classic car store
                
browse our inventory 










browse inventory







visit our store







watch videos







sell your car












                        details
                    



            	1953 mg td
				offered price: $22,500            









                        details
                    



            	1965 ford galaxie
				offered price: $22,500            









                        details
                    



            	1937 ford street rod
				offered price: $50,000            









                        details
                    



            	1996 cadillac eldorado
				offered price: $12,500            









                	a unique combination of character and eclecticism, t.v.s.a. also a miami landmark, houses florida's largest collection of antique, exotic, classic, muscle and special interest vehicles from around the globe.
                

					our specialized niche of buying, selling and trading these high interest investments has not only made us one of the largest dealers in our region, but also many great friends from around the world.
                

					we deal in fun! if you are in the market for a classic, muscle or high line automobile, or maybe you are interested in trading or selling your current special interest vehicle, we are here to assist you!
                

					come visit and bring your ideas!
                

                	contact us for more information
                










south beach classics will be shooting their 5th season
ted vernon's reality show is making a comeback
celebrity ted vernon of ted vernon specialty automobiles inc. recently announced his reality show, "south beach classics" will be making a comeback later this year. the show previously aired on the discovery network and wrapped after four seasons.
the newest season will be filming in miami by producer max wyler and his production company accord productions. the production company is popular for many independent films. it is set to be aired on youtube and the regional network, beach channel, in hopes of reaching a wider audience.
shooting will take place in april of this year and be concluded in june. the season will reflect previous seasons focusing on classic car deals across the united states. there will also be new faces introduced.











                	ted vernon has established worldwide recognition as an actor, writer and executive producer since he played the title role in his own screenplay of hammerhead jones, which was released worldwide and still frequents hbo.
                

                	read more about ted
                

















                                    21500 us hwy 27	
                                    
lake wales, fl 33859








hours:
by appointment only


for additional information on our vehicles, please call (305) 608-2121









phone:

305 608-2121




email:

info@tedvernon.com







connect with us

























directions















                        hello my name is gus manessis, from ft lauderdale. i have owned countless classics in my lifetime. this was the first time i had ever been taken care of like family. at ted vernon specialty automobiles, inc.
                    

                        the staff is amazing, no pressure no bull and honest prices. i can not imagine buying another classic from anyone else. if you are in the market to buy a classic go to ted vernon specialty autos first and you will see why i am raving about them.
                    


                	read all testimonials
                







© 2025 ted vernon specialty automobiles, inc. all rights reserved. |




privacy policy


sitemap





powered by all auto network





















