      
	discover homeschooling
         








  



  

  
    



create a one-of-a-kind learning experience


















join over 233,000 homeschool moms who subscribe to hslda
create a free profile to experience even more of hslda’s encouraging and equipping resources.
subscribe now! »








make the world your classroomare you curious about homeschooling in the 2020s? the future is here—with so many options! what if obstacles could turn into assets for your family? ready to discover more . . . ?









article
thinking of homeschooling? start here!









article
what is homeschooling and how does it work?









article
answers to your most pressing homeschooling questions










what is homeschooling really like?homeschooling may offer unique opportunities and benefits for your family. just like many other choices, it may also have challenges and surprises. here are a few examples to consider:







so, how much time will this take?


first, you might be surprised to discover that the typical homeschool day—especially for elementary-aged children—takes a lot less time than it does in a traditional school setting. but your instinct to consider the time commitment is right on. homeschooling is a big investment for you as a parent. it involves taking full responsibility for your child’s education—planning out their school year and field trips, arranging
    for testing or other assessments, recordkeeping, figuring out what parts you will teach and what parts you might delegate to a tutor, a co-op, another parent, or an online or local course, etc. and you’re already wearing a lot of hats—that’s true, too! homeschooling is incredibly flexible—that gives you the beautiful opportunity to completely customize your homeschool schedule around your child’s learning pace and
    interests, your family’s calendar, and unique learning opportunities.




can i really be around my kids all the time... and keep my sanity?


while homeschooling will not magically make them perfectly behaved, you’ll get to really know your kids and their passions. you’ll be able to develop a deep and lasting healthy relationship with each child, to nurture strong relationships
    with their siblings, to see their “firsts” and ah-ha! moments, and to help them learn to persevere through tears to triumph over their own challenges. you’ll also probably get to connect with other parents who will be happy to swap
    teaching or babysitting with you occasionally so you and they can get a break!




how much does homeschooling cost?


it depends! homeschooling is personalized to each child and each family, so homeschool budgets can vary. if you have the time and flexibility to borrow curriculum, use the library, shop for used books, find reusable, multilevel, or free curriculum, and exchange services for extracurriculars like music and art, you might pare your costs down to $50–100 per student. adding in extra resources like co-ops, online courses, enrichment classes, or sports could bring your budget up to $300–500 per student. and if you opt for tutors, video courses, or all-inclusive curriculum packages, your cost could be $500 or more. (still, that’s a lot less than private school!)you can check out more creative ways to stretch your dollars here.




i don’t feel confident to teach every subject. what do i do?


that’s ok! not every schoolteacher teaches every subject. for the elementary grades, textbooks with teacher’s guides will give you the structure and the teaching tools that you need to teach subjects you’re unfamiliar with.when your child reaches high school, you can call on subject specialists to help you out! think about reaching out to your friends, family, faith community, homeschool groups, local networks, and online communities to for help with tutoring your teen, grading essays, or answering questions. you can also have your high schooler take outside courses at a co-op, community college, or online.for an added boost to your confidence, keep in mind that homeschooling melds two of the strongest predictors of academic achievement: parental involvement and one-on-one learning.




can i legally homeschool my child with special needs?


yes. and it can be a great option! whether your child has a physical or mental disability or a specific learning disability, homeschooling may be the best option to help them thrive educationally. you may not be a special education expert, but you are an expert on your child!check out your state’s special needs provisions to see regulations that may apply to your homeschool. and please visit our special needs page to access free articles and other resources.
					











about hsldamaking homeschooling possible...






































for childrenlike you, our driving motivation is for the sake of children, and we believe homeschooling provides the best opportunity to love, nurture, and honor their uniqueness.


































































for familiesas a parent, you are crucial to the success of your child and we offer encouragement, guidance, and support for every stage of your homeschooling journey.












for 38 yearshslda works diligently across the nation to advocate, defend, and further the cause of homeschooling freedom for millions of families.









what other moms have to say






it’s our first year of homeschooling. hslda has already been there to answer our questions. i feel confident knowing they’re here in case we need them!
rachel t., kentucky





thank you for helping me know that whatever might come my way on our homeschooling journey that i don’t have to face it alone.
regina r., facebook





this organization is the most practically helpful and encouraging resource available to homeschoolers. our family has benefited, on numerous occasions, with legal and academic advice from the kind and professional staff at hslda.
jennifer g., pennsylvania







 



hslda is the trusted movement leader that makes homeschooling possible by caring for member families and protecting and securing the future of homeschooling.
aboutcareerslatest resourcesfaqsrecursos en españolmembershipdonatehslda actionadvertising opportunities

media relations

get in touchwe’re available by phone (540-338-5600) m–f 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. et.
callcontactemergency
© 2024 hsldaall rights reservedprivacy





            