

sujata synthetics limited sujata synthetics limited » where creativity meets quality





































































contact us
privacy policy
home





home
about us

company overview
corporate vision
eco friendly company
our strenrth


products

yarn

multiply yarn
high bulk polyester yarn
malai dori
micro shaggy yarn
micro low pile yarn
fancy yarns


fabric

suiting shirting
polyester satin fabrics
polyester saree matterials
polyester dobby fabrics
polyester badsheet matirials
jacquard fabrics




gallery

product gallery


blog
contact us

enquiry form
our buisness

manufacturing
trading
exporting


business with us


 







 




welcome to sujata synthetics ltd.

sujata synthetics ltd. is one of the leading polyester yarn manufacturing company based in surat, india. we are the prominent leaders in manufacturing quality polyester yarn which we supply to our valuable clients worldwide. our team started the journey as a trading company and today we have grown into a full-fledged enterprise where our production, supply and trading units deliver quality service to our customers. 
at sujata synthetics ltd, we produce quality polyester yarns such as satin rat tail cords (malai dori), sewing threads, polyester filament yarn, polyester multiply yarn and fancy yarn. with a team of highly qualified labor force and international standard machines, we manufacture all these products with precise measurements, great strength and best quality that takes us one step ahead from other companies in the yarn industry.
			


latest news


get updated with the latest news and information about sujata synthetics ltd. from here.we keep our customers both current and future ones up to date with our important company updates.









100% quality assurance

				nothing sells better than a quality product. and we understand this sales mantra very well at sujata synthetics ltd. we believe in the concept that quality products always have an upper hand on quantity products.
				









multiply polyester yarn


bring made with the finest quality raw material consistently keeps it on top of the demand chart in the textile market. creating to the need of the industry, and the requirements of our esteemed customer base. the multiply yarn has been made available in different ranges, deniers & a variety of ply.
view more




high bulk yarn


high bulk yarn is a high demand product. this yarn is processed in a slightly different manner than others. it is processed through a form of shrinkage. high bulk yarn is manufactured by an amalgamation of low shrink fibre with polyester filament yarn having shrinkage of 20%-30%..
view more




malai dori


malai dori (satin cord), as the name suggests is a soft yarn, and is used widely in making carpets in several countries.  these cords are mildly rough at the bottom while they are extremely soft at the top. we, at sujata synthetics ltd., make conscious attempts to have satin cords with high lustre.
view more




micro shaggy yarn


voluminous usage of shaggy yarn is evident in manufacturing carpet. a single carpet compromises of several tendrils of shaggy yarn, which make it soft and strong, both at the same time. these yarns are dyed in colours that don’t fade away with time or usage. moreover, they are easily washable and stain resistant.
view more







we do connect with our customers on social networks to understand their needs better.













© copyrights 2013. sujata synthtics ltd. all rights reserved.










contact us
privacy policy
home
 
web designed and developed by netsol it solutions pvt. ltd   





