



	the presbytery for southern new jersey

















 














page updated!

×



your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.


close

















about uswelcomeour leadershipstaffcareer opportunitiespresbytery gatherings
resources our churchespulpit supplyforms and documentshispanic ministrye - newsparish paperstewardshipprayer calendar
mission
youth
giving
calendar













about uswelcomeour leadershipstaffcareer opportunitiespresbytery gatherings
resources our churchespulpit supplyforms and documentshispanic ministrye - newsparish paperstewardshipprayer calendar
mission
youth
giving
calendar


























 



welcome to


presbytery for southern new jersey


our churches








presbyterian disaster assistance


learn more


previousnext 


mission statement
“the
 mission of the presbytery for southern new jersey is to nurture the christian 
faith, life and common witness of our congregations and pastors.  open 
to the transforming power of the holy spirit, we seek fresh ways to 
serve and grow; praying that in and through us god will make all things 
new.”  this is our mission statement but how we live into this reality 
is an ever changing conversation.
welcome













career opportunities 

calendar
mar18presbytery meeting7:00 pmpittsgrove presbyterian church in daretown
may20presbytery meeting7:00 pmfaith presbyterian church in medfordfull calendar


give

            giving online is an easy, secure way to give to the presbytery. when natural disasters strike our presbytery responds through prayers and funding; be part of that through online donations. online giving can be designated for mission giving, p.d.a. (presbyterian disaster assistance) and special offerings.matthew 6:21for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

donate






1701 sycamore street, haddon heights, nj 08035
856-547-5100
contact usfind us






© copyright 2025, presbytery for southern new jersey, all rights reserved.



top











