


































xo communications: networking services & solutions | verizon




























































xo communications  is now verizon
 
 








overview




overview


products


support


legal & privacy


verizon enterprise center




















your future with verizon



understand what’s next with your business account.
the transition of selected xo services to verizon is complete. we have decommissioned the myxo portal and replaced it with the verizon enterprise center (vec). business customers can manage payments, find invoices, and create repair or billing inquiries through the vec portal.
how to register
if you do not have access to the verizon enterprise center, register now using the invitation code and your new verizon account number on your invoice. if you do not want to register, you can create a repair ticket or billing inquiry without a username and password from the vec sign in page under "quick tasks". you must use your new verizon account information.
learn more about verizon
now that you’re on the verizon network, take advantage of some of our advanced capabilities to help you connect with customers and more easily grow your business:

virtual network services
sd wan
5g solutions (as available)
internet of things

security services



























verizon enterprise center
log in
register










for support call:
(800) 421-3872










quick links






wholesale services (vps)




public sector















products

the following xo products have been migrated to the verizon billing and network management systems. in some cases, changes to these products will require a new verizon service contract. click an xo product link below to visit the verizon-equivalent product page.
don’t see your xo product here?  explore solution reference guide.


















network services
+











wide area networking


connect all your locations, privately and securely, with our wide area networking solutions.
bandwidth on demand
mpls ip-vpn
vpls
wireless backup








internet access


enjoy business class internet access for you and your customers, delivered over our award-winning network.
dedicated internet access
ip transit








ethernet & private line services


our broad portfolio of ethernet and private line services provides simple, cost-effective ways to connect business locations and deliver applications, data and information.
ethernet hub
ethernet private line
wavelength









unified communications and voice
+











voip


enjoy manageable, reliable voip and data bundles that integrate your communications and provide exceptional scalability and reach.
verizon will continue to support your voip services. check our support section for voip guides and tutorials.
xo hosted pbx
xo enterprise sip
xo ip flex








other voice services


verizon has the experience, network, customer support and systems to ensure that you have the best possible voice communications experience.
long distance
toll free numbers









cloud and managed services
+











managed services


from hosted solutions to powerful network management tools, verizon offers flexible, cost-effective services to help you manage your business
managed services
application performance management
 











understand how to identify your services.

these xo services took on new names with the transition to  verizon.


















former xo service name












new verizon service name






















ethernet












dedicated e-line & wavelength






















mpls ip-vpn












private ip (pip)






















dedicated internet access












internet dedicated






















xo ip flex












ip flex






















xo hosted pbx












hosted pbx






















xo enterprise sip












enterprise sip






















application performance management












application assurance






















managed router (managed services)












managed wan






















private line - tdm transport












private line tdm






















ethernet hub & end link












switched e-line & dedicated e-line






















ip vpn vpls












e-lan

























support




















we're here to help.

if you're a business customer with a service that transitioned to verizon, you can manage your service in the verizon enterprise center (vec) portal.
(800) 421-3872 (billing, repair, migration help)
need help with an xo service?
(800) 421-3872
were you an xo dns customer?
you can continue to manage your xo dns service at dns.xo.com. bookmark it now.
 









hosted pbx support
+











a library of guides, tools, and video tutorials can help you get the most out of your hpbx service.   
remember to bookmark these new portal links:

customer user portal (end-user)
https://portal.xo.bizcommservices.com/myphonenext




customer admin portal (admin)   https://portal.xo.bizcommservices.com/control/main


 
if you have questions about your hosted pbx service, call  (800) 421-3872.












hosted pbx support library
 
hosted pbx service & features
set up,  quick start quides, user guides 
phones & equipment
installation guides,  video tutorials
apps & portals
guides and tutorials for mysite for administrators, myphone for end users, worktime 
view all









enterprise sip and ip flex support
+











enterprise sip
 

quick start guide for enterprise sip customers













ip flex, ip flex with vpn and sip customers
 

voip quick start guide

 
xo business center online feature management guides for group administrators
 

manage location-based features
manage individual numbers
inbound call routing and hunt groups
auto attendant feature
automatic call routing
call center
account codes

 
nomadic e-911 portal dashboard
 

administrator guide
end - user guide










contact us
+











for all your support, billing, repair, and migration needs, call  (800) 421-3872.
























legal and privacy

the following provisions apply to customers who purchase service(s) from xo communications services, llc ("xo") via service order agreements, which may include but are not limited to, “carrier master service order agreements”; “wholesale master service order agreements”; or “master service order agreements,” each of which is governed by xo's online terms and conditions.
 

acceptable use
privacy notice
product terms and conditions
xo cloud services terms and conditions
























special notices


minnesota customer notice















