







westport school of music












































































































              home
            

              programs
            

about


              calendars
            

              contact
            



            news
          

              give
            





back


            the school
          

            faculty
          

            faqs
          

            wsm instagram
          

            dei statement
          











































































homeprograms
about

the school
faculty
faqs
wsm instagram
dei statement

calendarscontact











newsgive









scroll








…fostering an enjoyment of music that will last a lifetime!
















 upcoming

 

events & dates



february8              kaleidoscopes - beginner or basic level students perform for each other! wsm1:00pm8	        3:00pm - mid-winter soiree for advanced cello students (parents and immediate family only)  15 - 22     winter recess - wsm closed24	        westport public schools: teacher professional development – wsm openmarch           9              celtic music celebration! workshops for all wsm students 2:00-3:30, 3:30 - student showcase for parents/families, 4:00 - jolly beggars celtic band performs! 4:30 - refreshments for everyone!








lessons



lessons for children & youth



a life-long love of musicour instructors offer classical and jazz piano lessons as well as lessons in voice, strings, woodwinds, acoustic guitar, and electric bass. the goal is to provide a strong technical foundation while instilling self-discipline, encouraging creativity, and fostering a lifelong love of music.



lessons for adults



your time, your schedulewith adult learners, teachers act as more of a coach and mentor, working individually with students to attain their personal goals. some adults want to return to the instrument they studied as a child; others see music lessons as a new hobby or as a vehicle for overall life enrichment. students can choose either weekly adult music lessons or a package if they travel frequently. we’re happy to design a schedule that works for you.



performances & collaborations



engaging with communitywestport school of music students share their musical gifts by performing for the community in a student chamber music concert every other march, and for residents of local nursing and healthcare facilities (on-hold till covid is over). students from norwalk housing authority learning centers take private instrument and group choral lessons at wsm, and our teachers provide music and literacy projects for their learning centers. 

 




 

our partners













with support from the connecticut office of the arts, which also receives funding from the national endowment for the arts, a federal agency.












































  

our new location - as of september 1, 2024find us at 25 sylvan road south, door f westport, ct











  









wsm spring recitals, 2023





























































































































































































































































































































































































































  
















“it’s been many years since i was a musician and i always wanted to learn jazz piano. luckily, i have found an amazing instructor recently at the westport school of music. he is a very patient and good teacher and my lesson time just flies by!i try to arrive a little early to have a chance to warm up in one of the comfortable and charming studios and i am always greeted with a welcoming hello by the staff and other instructors. such a warm and friendly atmosphere...”
patricia, wsm adult piano student















“both my children have been taking piano lessons at westport school of music since the fall of 2018 and i am very impressed with their improvement in less than a year. they were only kindergarteners and just beginning their musical endeavors, but i can tell that the school and instructor are building a strong foundation for them. we love the staff and plan on continuing with lessons here for many years to come.”​
joo-hee, parent of wsm students





 








wsm home



upcoming events and dates



current offering



social media links



introduction



performance & collaboration



testimonials












subscribe
please sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!







westport school of music
19 newtown turnpike,
westport, ct 06880
(203) 227-4931
notes@wsmusic.org


hours
mon 10 am - 8 pm
tue 10 am - 8 pm
wed 10 am - 8 pm
thu 10 am - 8 pm
fri 10 am - 8 pm




are you interested in teaching music at wsm? please contact us at westport school of music. 



with support from the ct office of the arts, department of economic development, and the national endowment for the arts.the westport school of music is a member of the national guild for community arts education.

 









 

homeprogramsaboutfacultycontactnotesprivacydesign




westport school of music  |  25 sylvan rd. south (door f)  |  westport, ct 06880203-227-4931  |  smiller@wsmusic.org©2024 westport school of music







































