



the big wheel blues festival
























 





												the big wheel blues festival 2018

~ ~ 20th consecutive annual blues event ~ ~








					
this is truly a year to celebrate the big wheel blues festival as it will be the 20th
consecutive annual blues event: quite an achievement we think. we are
returning to the villa marina over friday 13th and saturday 14th of july, hoping
for some warmer weather. there will be two ticketed concerts in the
promenade suite, doors open from 7.30pm, each night featuring three
excellent acts covering, as always, a wide range of styles.
 
in addition on the saturday afternoon there will be a free outdoor stage in the
villa marina gardens, showcasing some of the cream of local talent. if by any
chance the weather is unkind the stage will transfer indoors to the colonnade
suite.
 
do come along and support the festival and help us mark this anniversary.
 
huge thanks are in order to sponsor james osborne financial services and isle of man arts council.
 
friday night opens with local band loose crew, a 5 piece good time band playing swing jump and boogie from the 1920s onwards, right up to more modern soulful blues classics. next we have a very welcome return for acoustic roots and americana masters rob heron and the teapad orchestra, great crowd pleasers. headlining the night will be the laurence jones band, a real must-see for lovers of stellar guitar playing, laurence being one of the very few top british exponents.

saturday night opens with new orleans style piano maestro dale storr, arguably the foremost british artist of his genre, followed by the elles bailey band, rootsy blues country and soulful rock crossover. summed up by bbc 6music simply as 'the most incredible voice'. bringing the festival to a climax will be the marcus malone band, marcus being hailed as detroit's finest rock/blues export, a supreme vocal stylist.
 
for further artist information follow links. 

we look forward to seeing you soon.























									as always the big wheel blues festival will be a fundraising event for local charities run entirely by volunteers.
 
									money raised in 2018 will be going to the manx breast cancer support group
									
									
									
					




