







peter popoff ministries – dream bigger



























































































		skip to content	



 



peter popoff ministries
dream bigger








    menu	
home  

privacy policy
tv schedule


double portion blessing kit
miracle spring water
prosperity scriptures book
prayer wall  

prayer request form


donate

  
			scroll down to content		












home


the ministry uses television and the internet to broadcast the reality of god’s power to the nations of the world.  each week, the amazing testimonies that reach us are aired unedited.  the world can see the reality of the miracle working jesus christ who lives today and delivers from sins, sickness and oppression.  the same jesus delivers from not only sin but the curse of poverty.  multitudes have experienced the most amazing supernatural windfalls that have come from seemingly unexpected sources.  these testimonies have built a faith of multitudes to believe god for a financial breakthrough and financial release.  bondages have been broken, generational curses have been reversed in the lives of people and families around the world.


the healings that take place every single week are truly astonishing. the incurable are made whole and all kinds of oppression is overcome by the power of god.  multitudes make contact with the ministry every week and as our faith unite across the miles, great miracles takes place.  you can witness these miracles and testimonies on our weekly telecast and on the internet.
peter also spends many hours ministering to those who need spiritual guidance and advice through the mail.  as our faith is united across the miles many miracles takes place.  we invite you to make contact with this ministry, contact with this power and experience the power of agreement.  just like so many others are amazed, you too will be amazed how god works in wondrous ways.  make contact with this power, write or call or e-mail and let’s stand in agreement together.  jesus said where two or three agree together, i am there in the midst of them.  miracles are going to be resolved and we invite you to make contact with this power today.
united in the spirit and love of jesus,
peter popoff









miracle spring water


*note* do not ingest the miracle spring water*
the miracle spring water is a powerful biblical point of contact. almost all of the miracles in both the old and new testaments happened when a point of contact was used.  i believe the miracle spring water will help you to use and release your faith as we agree together for the miracle you need.
prayer is powerful!  matthew 18:19 says: “again, truly i tell you that if two of you on earth agree about anything they ask for, it will be done for them by my father in heaven.” as we pray and believe together for your breakthrough, god will get involved in your situation and breakthrough will happen in your life and in the lives of your loved ones. 
use the miracle spring water as a faith tool to remind you of god’s amazing and miraculous power!  you are not alone!  god is with you and i am praying for you to experience his amazing and awesome love, healing and strength.  so many people have used the miracle spring water and their lives have been changed! let me send you the miracle spring water that i have anointed and prayed over.



request miracle spring water
peter wants to pray with you! please share your prayer needs with prophet popoff below.

name*


mr.mrs.missms.dr.prof.rev.

prefix



first



middle



last



suffix

email

address



street address


address line 2


city


state / province / region


zip / postal code

afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicabo verdecambodiacamerooncanadacayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d'ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth macedonianorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussian federationrwandaréunionsaint barthélemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswedenswitzerlandsyria arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, the united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeus minor outlying islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelaviet namvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabweåland islands
country


phone typemobilehomehome-faxbusinessbusiness-faxpagerphone numberdo i have permission to text/call you?

text me


call me
prayer needs*this field is hidden when viewing the formdate

mm slash dd slash yyyy


 






















outreach


few men have had such a long time-line of touching hurting lives and effecting miraculous change as rev. peter popoff. peter’s grandfather and father grew up in a culture behind the iron curtain where preaching the gospel was forbidden and both were tortured because of their faith. communism was in full-fledge. churches were hidden – underground. pastor peter escaped berlin, germany when he was just a young boy. he remembers traveling with his family by boat to america and seeing the statue of liberty for the first time. but he did not forget where he came from and the one who brought him here and called him for a purpose.
in his young 20’s, peter met his wife elizabeth. they traveled together preaching and teaching in churches and conferences across america. his sermons were filled with stories of the underground churches and how he was reaching them with huge helium balloons filled with bibles that would land in communist territory. the results of these bible invasions were phenomenal. thousands of underground christian believers are grateful for peter’s commitment in the latter part of the 1970’s rev. popoff received the vision of reaching multitudes via radio. his broadcasts were heard on over 100 stations across america and other parts of the world. 
in the 80’s he used the most ingenious methods for getting bibles, gospel tracts and other christian literature into countries where the word was forbidden. the 1990’s were punctuated by his personal appearances in auditoriums and stadiums in nations throughout the world. tens of thousands have been saved, healed and delivered from every form of demon oppression as this man of god preached the glories of christ to them. peter maximized his worldwide outreaches through satellite tv in the 90’s.
thousands have experienced miracle financial breakthroughs because peter popoff was bold enough to proclaim god’s truth about debt cancellation and true riches. thousands have experienced supernatural divine transfers that are astonishing.
testimonies:
i have to confess that i am one of your biggest skeptics and i was about ready to give up but last may a cheque for my spouse for $50,000 came in the mail and she gave me $15,000 to pay my loan. i don’t know what to say! it still won’t sink in somehow. thank you jesus!-bro. c. l., dover, nl, canada
i was just approved for the money i was waiting on, $39,000 just like you said in your letter that i would be receiving between $3,700 and $37,000! this will allow me to pay my credit cards down and pay the $2,000 deposit to start the build of my new house.-sis. e. c., columbus, oh
out of the blue, one day my mortgage company cancelled $46,000.00 of (past due) debt. thank you for your prayers. i used your faith tool, on the debt, for 10 years and now it’s gone!-bro. i. t., keota, ia
i am happy to let you know that i already received the $3,700.00 you promised. i received it two weeks after you promised. thank you so much. – sis. v. a. vancouver, bc canada
do you remember praying for my niece with the liver cancer? you told me she would be healed. praise god, she is totally healed no cancer to be found! her liver shows no signs of cancer. praise you jesus!-sis. s. titch, corry, pa
since the beginning of 4 years united with your ministry, every prophecy that has been spoken from you have been revealed. i received a car, a house and i have been delivered from a crack addiction of many years. to god be the glory, amen! – sis. t. c. san antonio, tx











follow us on facebook and instagram:privacy policy
 


privacy policy  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept








































































































































































































