




































autism society of north carolina | find help





































































 



 about usabout us
the autism society of north carolina improves the lives of individuals with autism, supports their families, and educates communities. who we areour missionhistoryfinancialspublicationsour impactour teamboard of directorsleadership teamautistic adults advisory boardwork with us
click here to join our teamgain knowledgegain knowledge
we provide a wide selection of educational material, media and access to events to help you equip yourself with knowledge to tackle autism. you can find resources on this website or by contacting our staff. autism 101statistics and signsfind a diagnosistreatmentresources for your journeylearn with usupcoming workshopsautism conferencewebinar librarytraining for professionalslearn onlinestaying safesucceeding in schooltransitioning to adulthoodaccessing servicestoolkitssocial narrativesblogfind helpfind help
we improve lives through skill-building, clinical services, employment supports, and social recreation. find support from a specialist or your local chapter.  supportnewly diagnosed? start herei have autismtalk with a specialistfind a support groupmedicaid transformationresource directoryrecursos en españolprograms & servicesskill-building & supportaba & clinical servicesautistic adult programsemployment supportcamp royallsocial recreationignite

click here to find help near youtake actiontake action
join us in improving lives by making your voice heard, donating, volunteering, or joining us at one of our events. get involvedpublic policy prioritiesmake your voice heardawareness & acceptanceemploy adults with autismvolunteershopdonatedonate onlinedonate by mailmemorials & tributesplanned givinggive at workstock & securitiesother ways to giveeventscalendarrun/walks for autismspecial events and fundraiserscorporate partnershipscreate a fundraiser





 donate











 





work with us
about us
gain knowledge
find help
take action
donate now
contact us
recursos en español









                    your browser does not support the video tag.
                













life with community.




nancy and gray visit the north carolina zoo to educate about autism and develop community allies.
 see the story









find help near you 



the autism society of north carolina improves the lives of individuals with autism, supports their families, and educates communities.







						search now








read our blog




leading the way: changing perceptions about autism for black families
thursday, feb 13, 2025  
						
			
as part of our celebration of black history month, we take this opportunity to recognize just a few of our many black community members who share the autism society of north carolina mission to ensure all families affected by autism are empowered to get what they need to thrive. in their different roles and professions,… 
 read more



news from asnc camp royall
wednesday, feb 12, 2025  
						
			
the autism society of north carolina is pleased to share some important camp royall updates. after many years as camp director, sara gage recently resigned her position with camp royall to pursue new opportunities. she has been a central figure in the life of camp royall and has impacted the lives of countless campers and… 
 read more



resources to empower black families on their autism journey
monday, feb 03, 2025  
						
			
february is black history month and the autism society of north carolina (asnc) is highlighting the autism journey experienced by black individuals and families across our state. data shows that black children in north carolina have a lesser chance of being properly diagnosed with autism, are not receiving proper interventions, and experience gaps in how… 
 read more





 more posts








 







aba clinic open in raleighour new aba clinic raleigh is open and serving children ages seven and younger with an established autism diagnosis.
 
								learn more								











the autism journeyeveryone’s journey with autism is different. the autism society of north carolina has programs & resources to guide you on your path.
 
								learn more								











we need you nowyour gift is more important now than ever. donate today to keep people safe and out of crisis.
 
								donate now								











online webinarswe offer 50+ free, recorded trainings on our website so that you can learn when you want, from your own home.
 
								learn more								










previous



next







featured events








2025 spring run/walk for autism events




																							2025 spring run/walk for autism events	
																					
register now for a run/walk for autism event. register as a virtual participant and run or walk your own race at the location of your choice. better yet, start building a fun- and fund-raising team to for an event and help us improve lives, support families, and educate communities across north carolina.


									register!									









2025 autism: health & wellness conference




																							2025 autism: health & wellness conference	
																					
educators, caregivers, professionals, parents of autistic individuals, and adults with autism are invited to join us for our annual conference on march 14, 2025.


									learn more									









camp royall classic golf tournament




																							camp royall classic golf tournament	
																					
proceeds from this tournament benefit the autism society of north carolina’s camp royall, the nation’s oldest and largest camp for children and adults with autism spectrum disorder.


									more information									









free online webinars




																							free online webinars	
																					
we offer 50+ free, recorded trainings on our website so that you can learn at your convenience. subjects include behavior, school, and transitioning to adulthood.


									learn more 									







 calendar











1 in 36 children may be diagnosed with autism nationally





40,000+ individuals and their families receive direct services annually in nc





86¢ of every dollar you give goes directly to services








help us improve the lives of loved ones with autism.together, we can help individuals with autism build fulfilling lives and contribute to their communities through their unique gifts.
 
							 make a donation							









don't miss
work with us
upcoming events
toolkits
publications
videos
blog
 

get support
talk with a specialist
aba & clinical services
skill-building & support
social recreation
support groups
recursos en español
 

connect

800-442-2762
for the media
employees

 contact us






 














 
sign up for our newsletter:


email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 














translate

















notice of privacy practices:please click here to view how the autism society of north carolina protects health information. para leer esta información en español por favor haga clic aquí. 
please click here to read how we protect your personal information.






 2025 autism society of nc. all rights reserved. 
    web design & 
    development by 
    brasco ///
 









































