











home - connecticut convention center

































































































skip to content



connecticut convention center


search





 menu

planners

planning guide
floor plans
planner services
travel info
catering
weddings


exhibitors

order services
loading dock


visitors

explore hartford
lodging
restaurants
attractions
transportation
parking


explore

virtual tour
photo gallery
video gallery


events
about

contact us
directions
convention center services
green initiatives
faq
employment


search
contact us


facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube














 


the largest convention facility between new york and boston
learn more


 


limitlessly functional and endlessly customizable
learn more


 


in the heart of downtown hartford overlooking the connecticut river
learn more


 


hartford: defy expectations
watch the video


 


the connecticut convention center is the northeast's premier meeting destination
        request a proposal









planners
situated in the heart of downtown hartford the connecticut convention center is the perfect location for your next event.
learn more







exhibitors
we strive to satisfy the unique needs of each exhibitor at every event, from detailed floor plans to amenities.
learn more







visitors
hartford is a vibrant and walkable downtown bustling with activity. whether you're here for work or play you'll discover that hartford has it! 
learn more


 




featured events




connecticut home & remodeling show
								march 7th -march 9th								

the state’s largest and longest running home ad remodeling show for residents of connecticut and western massachusetts! featuring hundreds of exhibits from local vendors, including…







jurassic quest
								april 4th -april 6th								

jurassic quest is the world’s largest, most popular dinosaur event with unique and exciting experiences for the whole family!  there’s no better place…



 
view all events





connect
check out what's happening now in the center










this three-day event is a celebration of hartford’s vibrant golf community! by bringing unbeatable values on products and services, thousands of dollars in prizes and giveaways, and fun interactive events to the hartford market, we have created a unique event for golf enthusiasts in america’s heartland.with the help of our sponsors, attendees receive an outstanding value in front-door giveaways, while also having the opportunity to connect with manufacturers and golf professionals in their community, all coming together to share their common passion for the great game of golf.the 2024 show saw over 8,500 golfers pass through our doors, and 2025 should be even better! @connecticutgolfshow #ctgolfshow





        0    

        0    




                open            





















the 2025 spring eastern sectional meeting, hosted by the american mathematical society, provides an opportunity for mathematicians at every career level to share research, collaborate, and engage in professional development activities. this two-day event offers exciting sessions and talks that cover topics in combinatorics, number theory, commutative algebra, partial differential equations, and much more! #amsmtg @amermathsoc





        2    

        0    




                open            





















calling all ‘90s kids & horror fans! 90s con is back, and this year, it’s scary good! the cast of scream is reuniting, and you don’t want to miss it! from iconic throwbacks to celeb meet-and-greets, this is the ultimate nostalgia trip. secure your tickets now and get ready to scream… with excitement! @thats4ent #90scon #90sconct #thats4entertainment #thats4ent #screamcastreunion





        36    

        1    




                open            





















the connecticut wedding & bridal expo is officially open!from now until february 9th, explore the best in bridal fashion, décor, venues, and more—all under one roof! don’t miss your chance to meet top wedding vendors and bring your dream day to life. get your tickets now and let the planning begin! @jenksbridalexpos #ctbridalexpo #weddingplanning https://www.jenksproductions.com/event/connecticut-bridal-expo/





        5    

        0    




                open            





















get ready for youthcon 2025: all things new! join us february 7-8, 2025, at the connecticut convention center in hartford, ct, for an unforgettable experience hosted by the southern new england ministry network. this high-energy, gospel-centered event invites student ministries across southern new england to draw closer to god through powerful worship, inspiring biblical messages, and spirit-filled moments. it’s a time to build faith, form meaningful connections, and spark a passion for christ that transforms youth groups. don’t miss this life-changing weekend!@snenextgen





        4    

        0    




                open            





















 follow on instagram








view more










contact
100 columbus blvd.
						hartford, ct 06103
860-249-6000
info@ctconventions.com


resources

 
 events planners exhibitors visitors

 
 about employment faq contact us

 
 media kit news






newsletter
get the latest updates from ccc:









					©2025 connecticut convention center, all rights reserved.
					design & development by sitecrafting.



 






























