


the road wanderer ~ historic highways, lost byways and legendary journeys















the road wanderer








[route
        66]
[ghost
        towns]
[rock
        art]
[boulder,
        colo]
[magnolia
        n scale]
[gallery]








site
    updated:
30 june 2012!!!


welcome
    to western trails, a historic cyber tour of the lost byways, historic highways and
    legendary journeys that are all around us! here you will find great pages to explore in
    cyberspace including shadows of old route 66, my favorite ghost towns, indian petroglyphs,
    historical towns and a virtual tour of my magnolia n scale railroad layout. plus i've
    assembled larger versions of some of my photographs that you can download for your own
    desktop wallpaper in my western
    americana gallery! so come on in
    and stay awhile...  



      

             
    

            






growing
    up out west was an adventure in itself. my father was involved with aero
    space during the boom years of the 1950's and 1960's and we moved around quite a bit. from
    california, texas and colorado i learned to love the west with its varied history and
    geography.
this web site is a culmunation of years of
    exploring the landscape and history that can be found all around us if one takes the time
    to look. i dedicate this site to all the "road wanderers" who take that road
    less traveled. those who know that life begins at the end of the interstate off-ramp. for
    you kindred spirits that understand that it's not the destination that counts but the
    journey along the way ~ enjoy!



a brief overview
of my web sites can be found below so browse on and have fun. 





route 66: take a trip down the mother road, to a simpler, slower time in our
    history. route 66 is a road destined to live on in our collective memories like the old
    oregon or santa fe trail.  to the dustbowl immigrants of the 1930's, or a nation on
    the move after world war two, route 66 was the gateway to the golden pacific. i remember
    route 66 from my very early youth, the motel courts and those glorious roadside businesses
    full of rubber tomahawks, moo cans, and treasures all made in japan.  many of the
    towns along route 66 have become modern ghost towns as the high speed interstate passed
    them by and it is my hope to be able to capture some of these shadows of the old highway
    before they are all gone.
this is your one stop resource for everthing having to
    do with route 66! 
[california route 66]
        [arizona route 66]    [new mexico route 66]
[texas route 66]
        [oklahoma route 66]
        [kansas route 66]
[missouri route 66]
        [illinois route 66]  
      [route 66 links]


    
     



one of the most exciting things to happen on
    route 66 in a long time! with the support of hampton® hotels save a landmark
    program jim conkle of the  and i went on a 66 day journey of route 66 from santa monica to chicago
    that started april 29th, 2003. i chronicled our adventures (or misadventures as the case
    may be) down the mother road and posted day by day happenings on the route 66 caravan web
    site. click the logo to the left and check this site out. this site was updated almost
    daily from the road as these historic events happened.



 




my favorite ghost towns: i learned to enjoy exploring old mining camps at an early age. coming from
    the "gunsmoke" and "bonanza" generation, these ghost towns were a
    romantic place to me. over the years i have taken many pictures of these old ghost towns
    and i present you with a small sampling of them. some of these sites are no longer with
    with us, having fallen victim to weather, age, and development.
           



 




indian rock art: long
    before the first europeans settled this country this land was home to another people. the
    southwest is a haunted land; when you least expect it echoes of these ancient ones can
    still be experienced. many times i've taken refuge in the cool shade of a lonely canyon
    wall, to sip from my canteen and take a break from hiking, only to glance up and see a
    message pecked in stone from one who came this very way thousands of years earlier. the
    rock art page is a photo collection of some of my favorite ancient petroglyphs.



 




boulder, colorado: a pictorial history of
    boulder, colorado at the turn of the last century. spending my high school years in
    boulder gave me an appreciation for the beauty and history of the rocky mountain area.
    boulder was truly a wild west town once (and i'm sure some residents of boulder today
    still think it is). historical boulder also provided the inspiration for my model
    railroad, the magnolia n scale layout,  be
    sure to visit that site too



 




magnolia n
    scale model railroad layout: a
    fictional rocky mountain mining community i created as an n scale model railroad layout is
    open for your inspection. it represents the fascinating transition period of steam to
    diesel locomotive power of the 1940's through 1950's. i've had a lot of fun building this
    layout so far, but there's still more to do on it. this layout is a work of love in
    progress. please come in!



 






[route
        66]
[ghost
        towns]
[rock
        art]
[boulder,
        colo]
[magnolia
        n scale]
[gallery]






 



welcome cyber traveler: 

staples coupons








custom web design & hosting service
    grandall web design is your one stop web design and hosting service that will get you on
    the world wide web fast ~ and at affordable prices too! if you own a business you owe it
    to yourself to check out the possibilities that exist for your online presence. grandall
    web design can help you get there!




 



© copyright 1998 - grandall web design service





