







the pig on beale street – award winning barbecue restaurant on beale st








































loading











home
about us
our menu
tour groups
gallery
contact 


 

welcome to the pig on beale





welcome to the pig on beale where we specialize in bbq ribs and pork shoulder! pork with an attitude! why have an attitude? well you would have an attitude too if you were cooked to perfection and told you were perfect, wouldn’t you?
you can now have our delicious menu delivered to your door (click logo below).

 

about uswelcome to the pig on beale, pork with an attitude! established in 2002 on historic beale street in memphis tennessee, the pig on beale quickly became a local favorite for “memphis style” hickory smoked bbq pork shoulder and bbq ribs. the pig received “editor’s pick” from the memphis flyer in 2003 for “the best bbq ribs in memphis” as well as the 2003 “most improved restaurant” from the beale street merchants association.
the pig on beale specializes in bbq. whether it is bbq pulled pork sandwiches, bbq ribs (wet or dry), bbq bologna or hickory smoked turkey sandwiches. everything at the pig is homemade. whether it is our mouth watering onion rings piled high with your bbq pulled pork sandwich, bbq sauce, bbq baked beans, or homemade coleslaw, you are going to get bbq prepared fresh daily. hickory smoked out back on our ole hickory smoker memphis style.
we are the home of the bbq lovers feast! the feast is a sample of all of house favorites and will feed two hungry people. or get the super feast which boasts it will feed six hungry people. bring your appetite!
pork with an attitude! why have an attitude? well you would have an attitude too if you were cooked to perfection and told you were perfect, wouldn’t you? we take pride in our bbq because memphis is the home of bbq and we are proud of it. we offer all of our recipes for you to take home with you. unlike other bbq restaurants, we do not have any secrets of what’s in our bbq. whether it is the bbq spice, bbq sauce or the homemade coleslaw with over fifteen ingredients, we want you to enjoy bbq and all the joy that comes with cooking it. stop by the pig on beale and pick you up a copy of all of our recipes.
the pig on beale is stocked with movie posters from the 20’s to the 80’s and has the feel of a 60’s diner with it’s chrome, red and grey chairs to the matching booths and barstools. the vibe is an old school memphis bbq joint with a fast and friendly staff. check out the “pork with an attitude” t-shirts as well as our bottles of signature pig on beale bbq spice and bbq sauce at our retail store page.
 

our menu
“this has got to be some of the best barbecue in the south served with southern hospitality…” recent visitor to the pig on beale
you can now have our delicious menu delivered to your door via the following companies below:

menu last updated – april 2024












 

we love tour groups
tour groups are welcome at pig on beale.   book your group today and taste some of the best bbq that memphis has to offer.
check out our 2022-23 tour group packages below.
last updated – nov 2022
 
 








































167 beale st
memphis, tn 38103
www.pigonbeale.com




                    the pig on beale is managed by river city management.group, inc.                



© copyright 2015 river city management. all rights reserved.





















