


tolkienmovies.com - lord of the rings movie news, rumors, photos, writing and more!











 









the faq
voting booth
postcards
tolkien trivia
genealogy









 



      welcome to tolkienmovies.com, founded in august of 1998 and recognized by the
      wall street journal and movieline.com as a leading source for lord of the
      rings movie news, pics, rumors, and more. thanks for stopping by today!

      


the latest news



james nesbitt talks 'the hobbit'!http://www.digitalspy.com/movies/at-the-movies/a307731/james-nesbitt-talks-the-hobbit.htmlit's been a turbulent few years for the hobbit (director changes, studio implosions, peter jackson's hospital visits), but any day now the long-awaited lord of the rings prequel will go in front of cameras in new zealand.ianmckellen gives report on hobbit castinghttp://www.slashfilm.com/2009/08/23/ian-mckellen-gives-report-on-hobbit-casting-and-other-progress/ian mckellen was present in person to intro the screenings, and while he only spoke for a very short time, he managed to get the crowd into something of a frenzy...elijah wood will visit 'hobbit' sethttp://ifmagazine.com/new.asp?article=8388while sitting on the panel at san diego comic con for 9, elijah wood was asked about del toro's upcoming film...back-to-back rings showing in raleigh, nchttp://northcarolinafellowship.giving.officelive.com/default.aspxraleighwood cinema is showing the entire lord of the rings trilogy on september 20th.del toro says 'hobbit' filming will include breakfuture "hobbit" director guillermo del toro says there will be a break in filming between the first and second parts of the movie...news and debate forums are active againit looks like a few parts of the site have been broken for several months. i've fixed the problems so you can resume posting to the debate forum, submitting news, etc.jackson to produce hobbit movieshttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/7150644.stmpeter jackson, oscar-winning director of the lord of the rings movies, has signed a deal to produce two films based on jrr tolkien's the hobbit.could peter jackson be back 'in' for 'the hobbit?'http://www.ifmagazine.com/new.asp?article=4886talks to repair the damage between new line and the lord of the rings director are in the works...'lotr is a platform we can build from,' says exechttp://tinyurl.com/2b4uahturbine entertainment is not ruling out a console version of its mmo the lord of the rings online, exec producer jeffrey steefel has revealed.composer timothy powell releases 'new places' songin anticipation of the filming of the hobbit, there is an emerging world-wide grass-roots campaign to include the music of songwriter and composer...new tolkien book to be published next monthhttp://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20070325/ennew_afp/entertainmentbritainan unfinished book by "lord of the rings" author j.r.r. tolkien, which was completed by his son, will go on sale on next month, a newspaper said. "the children of hurin", which tolkien began in 1918, will be in bookshops on april 17...dominic monaghan weighs in on 'the hobbit'http://www.ifmagazine.com/new.asp?article=4007dominic monaghan while promoting the next portion of this season of abc’s hit series lost, stopped to comment on the state of affairs with the hobbit movie which is locked in a battle between new line cinema and director peter jackson. view more news...




            featured store items













voting booth









should tolkienmovies.com be revitalized?







yes, definitely!




no, leave it as is




no, kill it

 



results :: polls




























 




the debate forum



lotr poster designposted by jtf on 01-25-12hi all!  as a fellow lotr fan, i wanted to share a poster that i recently designed and printed that charts the journey of the fellowship through...it's been a long timeposted by everett on 01-04-11so i just took a look at the most recent articles from the forum, and man, it's been something like a year and a half since anyone's posted...new fan movieposted by everett on 04-28-09there's a new movie coming out online on may 3. the trailers look pretty well done...official tolkien quiz posted by machien on 04-16-09apologies if this is the wrong place to post this. here's round one of a new, official lord of the rings quiz to find the top expert on...lotr on blue ray7posted by bldski on 03-01-09has anyone know if it has been or going to be released on blue ray anytime...the real questionposted by everett on 11-27-08it's not whether or not aragorn will be in one of the movies or whether he should, but how will they shoehorn arwen into "the...aragorn in the hobbitposted by n kalanaga on 11-19-08there's no reason he couldn't be at rivendell. don't mention his name, and leave him as "one of the locals", and it would be a great...not sure...posted by farlas on 11-07-08i'm not sure i want them to incorporate aragorn into the hobbit. i'd really rather they'd leave it as is. although, a small guest appearance...      view more debate...


 














home ::
      words ::
      people ::
      images ::
       
links ::
      forum















 



        all content ©1998-2025 by the respective owners.
        not affiliated with the tolkien estate or new line cinema.






 



