







allentown sewing | sewing supplies | allentown pa
























































































skip to content





















 
allentown, pa











 
610-434-8777





 
1-800-797-0124





 
email now











 























 
allentown, pa










 
line 1





 
line 2





 
email











 






























home – allentown sewing machine outletservicesaboutreviewscontact










home – allentown sewing machine outlet
services
about
reviews
contact























over 40 years of experience sewing machine sales & service - new & used 



sewing accessories 






find our location



















allentown sewing machine outlet what we offer 





















 



							free estimates and appraisals						

		        			at allentown sewing machine outlet, we can assess the condition of your sewing machine and its accessories and give you an estimate on the cost to repair it if need be.  

















 



							parts for older models						

		        			finding parts for older models is difficult now that they have stopped producing them. we stock a large inventory of old parts that are either new or salvaged from no longer working equipment.		        		























 



							sewing machine repair services						

		        			get sewing machine repairs on sewing machines and accessory that are malfunctioning or no longer working. we can look to see if we can complete the repairs, as well as what the cost would be.		        		

















 



							baby lock sewing machines						

		        			within our store we have a variety of new & used machines. we offer models from old to new to fit all of your sewing needs.  


























 










best sewing machine sales/service/supplies 



award winner for 16 years! 















about our company 












when it comes to sewing machine stores, none compare to allentown sewing machine outlet. for the best sewing accessories near the lehigh valley and beyond, you can trust our team for products that will make your next project pop. we will answer all of your questions and, depending on your needs, guide you towards either the right equipment or the right sewing machine repairs. at allentown sewing machine outlet, we aim to give all our customers personal attention, good value and great service. whatever it takes to keep you going and keep you sewing! 

















testimonials 


















						i love this store! i've taken my sewing machine in over the years to get fixed and have always been happy with the results.  the owner is always willing to answer any questions that i have about sewing. just an old fashioned great place to shop.					





jean s.satisfied customer 






						i’ve been going here for years.  bill is a great guy and knows his stuff about sewing machines!  prices are fair and service is good.  sparky the dog is very friendly too.					





linda f.satisfied customer 






						quick and excellent repair work on several sewing machines. very knowledge and helpful.					





doug p.satisfied customer 






						i have 6 sewing machines and i always use allentown sewing machine. the owner is nice, respectful and has extreme knowledge of sewing machines. i sincerely appreciate them. 
shelby lawson, lawson accessories					





shelby l.satisfied customer 






						staff was extremely helpful and patient. able to answer all my questions  (this is my first attempt at sewing ) was able to help with all aspects of what i wanted to do and reasonably priced					





nicole k.satisfied customer 






						super knowledgable.  no better place for repairs in lehigh valley.  surprisingly big selection of used machines too					





m. grabowsky.satisfied customer 






						medium sized store with fabric and sewing machines. also a place for classes. customer service was good, but nothing here will compel us to return.					





chet b.satisfied customer 






						a friendly shop.  i was visiting from florida and needed me machine service and was taken care of right away.					





genie b.dsatisfied customer 






						i wouldn't go any where else to buy a new machine or have my machine repaired. bill is aces on his knowledge of all sewing machines made and he has a winning personality. keep up the good work bill.					





marie h.satisfied customer 






						for more than twenty years i have bought several machines from bill and the girls and had them serviced. took classes and bought merchandise. always wonderful service and quality machines.					





linda p.satisfied customer 






						i love this store. bill can fix any sewing machine and the ladies are always willing to help you with any type of sewing/quilting question.					





kate r.satisfied customer 






previous



next











 
write a review on google!




























 




						our hours					


mon & fri: 10:00am - 5:00pm
 tues & wed: 10:00am - 2:00pm
thurs: 10:00am - 7:00pm
sat: 10:00am - 3:00pm					









 




						follow us					


						on our facebook!					









 




 




 




 













send us a message! 











please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phonecomment or message *submit  












 




						located at					


						725 n. 15th street, 1st flr, suite 3 allentown pa 18102 					









 




						call us					


						610-434-87771-800-797-0124					









 




						send an email					


						asmo@enter.net					





















 




						our hours					


mon & fri: 10:00am - 5:00pm
 tues & wed: 10:00am - 2:00pm
thurs: 10:00am - 7:00pm
sat: 10:00am - 3:00pm					









 




						follow us					


						on our facebook!					









 




 




 




 
















 




						located at					


						725 n. 15th street, 1st flr, suite 3 allentown pa 18102 					









 




						call us					


						610-434-87771-800-797-0124					









 




						send an email					


						asmo@enter.net					












send us a message! 











please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phonecomment or message *submit  



























				allentown | bethlehem | easton | nazareth | emmaus | northampton | whitehall

this site is protected by recahptcha. our privacy policy and  terms of service apply.

© copyright 2025 allentown sewing machine outlet. 
 all rights reserved | this site designed and hosted by enter.net 

























































