


immune web -- support and information network









 home
 articles
 resources
 archives
 mailing 
        lists
 classifieds




 


 immune is a mailing list and resource 
  center for people (and their so's, family, friends, and medical care workers) 
  with various immune-system related ailments such as: chronic fatigue syndrome, 
  candida, lupus, fibromyalgia, epstein-barr, multiple allergies, environmental 
  illness, chemical sensitivity, etc., and the symptoms that result from any of 
  the above, including learning disabilities, migraines, asthma, hypoglycemia, 
  etc. 







articles - essays, 
  how-to, medical information, and other original writings
resources 
  - extensive, annotated links to other sites, medical articles, and more
mailing lists 
  - immune, immune-survivors, immune-admin, and lcveg. archives 
  available for immune 
classifieds 
  - free (non-commerical) and commercial ads for the immune community: personals, 
  housing, for sale, jobs, announcements, services (new 
  ads 4/21/07)
hurricanes katrina and rita 
  - resources for people with disabilities displaced by the hurricanes.
september 11, 2001, 
  a day that will live forever in our memories. but what about the toxins created 
  and released in the aftermath of this tragedy?
what's new on the 
  immune homepage? (last updated 5/10/03) 
 
tikvah: your 
  source for organic and natural products

tikvah is an online store run by the owner of immune web. 
    we sell products for people with chemical sensitivities, including organic 
    soap.

books for sale 
  (last updated 4/18/99)
how to advertise 
  on immune web 


  awards and webrings

  


  search the immune web site (not currently working): 
  







  
 the immune mailing list is sponsored by mcs referral & resources, a non-profit 
    501(c)3 educational organization devoted to furthering understanding and recognition 
    of multiple chemical sensitivity disorders. mcs r&r has no control over and 
    assumes no liability for the content of information posted to the immune mailing 
    list or website. for more information about mcs r&r, contact its executive 
    director, albert donnay
immune is owned and run by cyndi 
    norwitz, cyndi@tikvah.com








 home
 articles
 resources
 archives
 mailing 
        lists
 classifieds




cyndi norwitz / webmaster@immuneweb.org 
/ last modified: 12/23/07


