






 lazarus ministries –  setting people free







































































skip to content







 donate










menu


home
about

our ministry
who we are


resources

blog
teachings
recommending reading


contact us
donate
subscribe
 








things to ponder
by craig & tc stull










getting down to business

				march 12, 2023			


if we really believe that we are forgiven and clean before the lord, we will act like it. if you really get that your slate is completely clean and that god sees you above reproach, fear will begin to fall away!! perfect love cast out fear!! if you are born again, you have been made […]














guilt cannot heal you

				march 6, 2023			


guilt cannot heal you or even offer a helping hand in getting you healed. (i’m talking about walking in freedom and repentance.) guilt cannot get you there. only grace and love and all that love is can transform. the enemy has tricked people into believing that walking around feeling bad about yourself, and being shocked […]














what is a good friend?

				february 22, 2023			


i was sitting out with a really good friend the other day, and we were talking about the lord and life. one thing led to be next, and we found ourselves talking about how blessed we were to have the kind of friendship that leads one another to the lord and truth. as we talked, […]














latest teaching


 




a personal word from the word sustains by tc


													february 10, 2023											









 
							preacher							:
tc stull



							passage:
psalm 105:19



							service type:
ctk noon service




 

1
2
3
…
253
254
255 

lazarus is a ministry dedicated to taking the grave cloths off of people so they can be truly free and fully revived to experience and walk in his abundant life. and it doesn’t stop there! when we are free, we are better able to display christ to the world and minister in supernatural power as jesus did. we can set others free as we have been set free and operate in the christ-like ministry of signs, wonders, healings, and miracles.









 recent teachings 





									a personal word from the word sustains by tc								


tc stull, 

									february 10, 2023								








									healing from rejection by tc								


tc stull, 

									january 29, 2023								








									don’t stop persevering								


craig stull, 

									december 9, 2022								








									pursue the love of god								


craig stull, 

									december 2, 2022								








									speaking out what god has said								


craig stull, 

									november 11, 2022								









subscribe 






			sign up to receive fr. craig's blog posts by email.  once you have registered you will receive an email asking you to confirm your subscription before receiving emails.  if you do not, check your spam folder.		




email address*



first name*



last name*

 
				* = required field			

preferred format


html
text







unsubscribe from list









					copyright 2016  all rights reserved.					





























