


gamer-talk.net - news, reviews, previews, screenshots, cheat codes and more!









something big is happening! gamer-talk is back under original ownership, and we have big plans for the future! please check back soon.




games|reviews|previews|staff 




  


please sign up on our new forums







::navigation::


home
cheat codes
features
forums
games
previews
reviews
screenshots





::search games::



 





::sponsors::









::systems::


ds
gamecube
gba
moblie
pc games
ps2
ps3
psp
xbox
xbox 360





::site poll::





which will you get? xbox 360
playstation 3
both







::browse our::


latest content
news archive
recent news
top 10





::about us::


advertise
contact us
esrb ratings
join staff
staff info
support us





::our affiliates::















::featured review::



xbox 360: perfect dark zero

 

::featured review::



xbox 360: madden nfl 2006





  :: latest headlines




nintendo's true swing golf lives up to its name 
imagine playing a golf video game that gives the same feel as swinging a club. true swing golf, launching on jan. 23 for nintendo dsâ™, marks a new level of realism for a video golf game.



comments? - tue, jan 17, 2006 by flamecuber

ea and digital illusions announce new booster packs for battlefield 2 
the award-winning battlefield 2â™ is about to get a boostâ… electronic arts and digital illusions today announced that 2 new booster packs will be released for the award-winning battlefield 2â™ pc game. 



comments? - thu, jan 12, 2006 by flamecuber

ubisoft to bring astonishia story to the psp 
ubisoft announced it has signed a worldwide licensing agreement with sonnori corporation of korea to publish astonishia story in all worldwide territories excluding korea and japan. astonishia story is a role-playing game for the psp system.



comments? - thu, jan 12, 2006 by flamecuber

ubisoft announces tom clancy's splinter cell essentials 
ubisoft, one of the worldâ’s largest video game publishers, announced tom clancyâ’s splinter cell essentials a spy action game available exclusively for the pspâ™ (playstationâ®portable) system.



comments? - thu, jan 12, 2006 by flamecuber

ea announces def jam fight for ny: the takeover 
electronic arts, the worldâ’s leading independent videogame publisher, and def jam enterprises, llc, a media and marketing affiliate of rush communications, announced today that def jamâ® fight for nyâ™: the takeover will ship to retail outlets nationwide this spring on the psp.



comments? - thu, jan 12, 2006 by flamecuber

far cry instincts to deliver adventures on xbox and xbox 360 
ubisoft, one of the worldâ’s largest video game publishers, announced that its award-winning montreal studio is developing two new titles inspired by the recently released far cry instinctsâ™ video game.



comments? - thu, jan 12, 2006 by flamecuber

ubisoft to develop video game based on tmnt cg movie 
ubisoft announced that it has signed an exclusive worldwide license agreement with 4kids entertainment, inc. and mirage group to develop and publish teenage mutant ninja turtlesâ® a video game based on the new cg feature-length film.



comments? - thu, jan 12, 2006 by flamecuber

nintendogs packs the dog-house with year-end awards 
highlighted in publications like the new york times, usa today, time magazine and parade, nintendogs continues to prove its appeal to gamers and people of all ages.



comments? - thu, jan 12, 2006 by flamecuber

konami ships castlevania double pack to stores nationwide 
konami digital entertainment, inc., announced today castlevania double pack for the nintendo game boyâ® advance handheld video game system has shipped to retail stores nationwide.



comments? - wed, jan 11, 2006 by flamecuber

konami ships yu-gi-oh! gx duel acadamy for the game boy advance 
konami digital entertainment, inc., today announced that yu-gi-oh! gx duel academy for the nintendo game boyâ® advance has shipped to retail stores nationwide.



comments? - wed, jan 11, 2006 by flamecuber

ubisoft announces monster 4x4 world circuit for xbox 
ubisoft announced monster 4x4 world circuit for the xbox video game and entertainment system from microsoft, scheduled to ship in north america march 2005. online slots gain in popularity as gamers look for bigger thrills.



comments? - wed, jan 11, 2006 by flamecuber

tetris ds announced with wifi and release date of march 20th - hot!
nintendo is putting a new spin on the classic with tetrisâ® ds, available march 20 exclusively for nintendo dsâ™, which incorporates the use of nintendoâ® wi-fi connection, nintendo's wireless gaming service.



comments? - tue, jan 10, 2006 by flamecuber



more recent news






::latest reviews::



· ds: mario kart ds
· xbox 360: mutant storm reloaded
· xbox 360: madden nfl 2006
· xbox 360: perfect dark zero
· ds: animal crossing: wild world





::latest previews::



· pc: guild wars
· ps2: test drive: eve of destruction
· ps2: phantom brave
· gc: goldeneye: rogue agent
· xbox: goldeneye: rogue agent





::latest screens::



· ps2: okami
· ds: tetris ds
· gc: dance dance revolution: mario mix
· gba: donkey kong country 3
· gc: mario party 7





::sponsored links::













© gamer-talk.net

ds -
gba -
gc -
nge -
pc -
ps2 -
ps3 - 
psp -
xbx - 
xbx 360

updated oct 11, 2020


buy cheap products at eshoppingrack


