 trusted resource identifying dolls | doll reference                 



skip to content



buy dollsmarksmaterialbisquecelluloid a-lcelluloid m-zchina headclothcompositionhard plasticmetalpapier macheporcelainrubberwaxwoodtypeadvertisingantique ladyasian / oriental dollsautomata dollsbelton dollsblack dollsboudoir dollscarnival dollsdress me dollsgoogly dollskewpie dollsmama dollsmask facepatsy typeplaypal typebarbieby countryall countriesamericanaustralia or new zealandaustria or belgiumbritian - engandcanadachina or taiwanczechoslovakiafrancegermanitalyjapan nipponportugal or spainrussia - ussrforumglossaryfind values








menu
toggle menu

   doll reference | trusted resource identifying dollsdoll collecting is a fun hobby!  to identify a doll, in order to buy, sell or find it’s worth or value – you need to know what or who it is.  to identify a doll or any item – check for any markings or labels on the back of the dolls neck, back or bottoms of feet. if you find a mark, brand name or number – type it into our search box, then use the find values to see how much it’s worth.dolls by materialdolls are classified by the material of the head, also helps date the doll.bisque dollsbisque head dolls were introduced in the 1850s by europeans primarily in france . . morecelluloid dollscelluloid dolls are made from cellulose nitrate, alcohol, fillers and camphor . . morechina head dollsantique china dolls were made mostly in germany from 1836 . . .  morecloth dollsthe history of cloth fabric dolls goes back as far as humans have  . . .  morecomposition dollsearly composition dolls are made of glue, glycerin, zinc oxide and japanese . . . morehard plastic dollsfirst dolls made of the new plastic material were by ideal toy . . .  moremetal dollsfrance has the first patent recorded of a metal doll head in 1861 . . . morepaper mache dollsantique papier mâché, carton moulé, carton pâte or holz-masse are all terms . . . moreporcelain dollsmodern porcelain collector dolls were sold in the 1970s, they were meant to . . . morerubber dollscaoutchouc, india rubber or gum was used to make dolls .  .  . morewax dollssome of the oldest existing examples of dolls are made of wax  . . .  morewood dollswood is fairly easy material to carve and  create a doll . . . morefirst find out who is this doll? the next question always is – how much is the doll worth, it’s value?  use the find values, it’s on every page.  use the buy dolls or to sell dolls.buy dollswhere to buy dolls or sell   find valuesfind doll valuesby type of dollsome dolls are unmarked and like other dolls or the brand itself becomes a doll categoryadvertising dollsare a way to promote a company brand . . . moreantique lady dolls1860+ fashion lady dolls made in france . . . moreasian / oriental dollsbeautiful, exotic of the far east . . . moreautomata dollsmechanical dolls fascinate adults to children . . . morebarbie dollsmost populist doll, vintage barbie dolls, family  . . . morebelton dollbisque solid dome head, uncut pate . . . moreblack dollsblack is beautiful and rarer than white dolls . . . readboudoir dolls1915+ bed or sofa long legged flapper . . . readcarnival dollswho doesn’t love to win a prize at a fair . . . readdress me dollsdisplay, costumed souvenir . . . readgoogly dollsroguish, charming character dolls . . . readkewpie dollsimpish face dolls by rose o’neill . . . readmama dollscomposition dolls that changed history . . . readmask face dollswhat are they and their makers . . . readpatsy type dollsidentify patsy type dolls, who made them . . . readplaypal type dollscompanion child dolls, why do they all look a like . . . readneed help identifying your doll? ask on our forum board, and we’ll try to help.what are doll collecting words, phrases mean in english, french or german? doll glossaryabout usaffiliate policycookie policyprivacy policydoll reference © 1999 - 2025 all rights reserved including photos and content, all trademarks are respective of their owners with no affiliation to this site.  scroll to top
scroll to top




searchbuy dollsmarksmaterialtoggle child menuexpand
bisquecelluloid a-ltoggle child menuexpand
celluloid m-zchina headclothcompositionhard plasticmetalpapier macheporcelainrubberwaxwoodtypetoggle child menuexpand
advertisingantique ladyasian / oriental dollsautomata dollsbarbieblack dollsboudoir dollscarnival dollsdress me dollsgoogly dollskewpie dollsmama dollsmask facepatsy typeplaypal typebarbieby countrytoggle child menuexpand
all countriesamericanaustralia / new zealandaustria / belgiumbritian – englandcanadachina /taiwanczechoslovakiafrancegermanitalyjapan / nipponportugal / spainrussia -ussrforumglossaryfind values          


