


rising dove fine arts & services









rising dove fine arts and services
celebrating the visual, musical, and literary arts




contact
sitemap
visual arts
music
    literature










affordable digital images

noncommercial rights     
			commercial rights
 

prints and products







collected poems of paul k t barnes
bookbaby      
	amazon   
	
barnes & noble      
	abebooks 
	
target      
	booksamillion
 


         50% of the publisher's profits from "collected poems of paul k. t. barnes" will go to the center for alexandria's children, 
			thanks to the the generosity of paul barnes' estate.
			
			         the poetry of of my half-brother paul k. t. barnes is rooted in traditional forms, yet it is permeated with oddities and abrupt turns. 
			his verses soar with ecstatic beauty, while recognizing the pain,
			ugliness, and depression that so often characterize the human condition.
			
			         his imagery ranges from the striking yet familiar to the nuanced and unexpected.
			the boldness of his poetry belies his public reticence. paul was clearly steeped
			in the literature and folklore of england and western europe. paul's poetry is
			clearly meant to be read aloud. use the rhythms of normal speech; the meter will
			come out right. where it gets bumpy, that's appropriate to the context.


 

 


"horseback at haystack rock, cannon beach, oregon #1"
 
haystack at cannon beach is a freestanding rock, sometimes completely surrounded by water.
			 
			my husband and i walked out to the rock from the shore, racing the incoming tide.
			 
			low tide allows beach-combers and horses to venture far out towards the rock.






miriam a. kilmer

			artist-owner





jennifer schafer

			photographer, junior partner
 

 

rafael angevine

			photographer
 

 

deborah kilmer

			composer
 



 




download pinecrest music pdf

			you have permission to download my song "pinecrest" and make up to 30 prints for use at singings.
			
			all other rights reserved.
 
original site design, art and graphics   © 1993 ~ 2024 miriam a. kilmer.
			
			images by jennifer schafer   © 2010 ~ 2024 jennifer schafer 
			
			images by rafael angevine   © 2012 ~ 2024 rafael angevine
			
			images may not be copied, downloaded, or used in any way
			
			without the expressed, written permission of the artist.
			
			(logos that link to other sites are theirs.)
 





