







stone cliff inn






















































        
          
            stone cliff inn
          
        
      




















































            reservations
          

            lunch
          

            dinner 
          

        gift cards
      

            group dining
          

            contact
          










































































reservationslunchdinner gift cardsgroup diningcontact





                
                  
                    stone cliff inn
                  
                
              











scroll








stone cliff innan unforgettable dining experience in the heart of carver











an unforgettable destination dining experiencenestled amid the old growth, in a backdrop of cliffs and huge basalt boulders, the majestic stone cliff inn embodies the true spirit of the oregon story.

 

wine spectatoraward of excellence 2014 & 2015



wine spectatorbest of best award of excellence 2016, 2017 & 2018

 






eat togethermodern dishes that capture the flavors of the season




    make a reservation
  

































 

 

known for its unique, prepared from scratch recipes, the stone cliff inn is where you can find the best that oregon has to offer. any day of the week, whether for quick lunch or special dinner, festive laughter is part of the casual, yet sumptuous environment.executive chef jason elder has designed a menu that focuses on the best the northwest has to offer. using fresh local ingredients he has created a northwest cuisine destination.enjoy a glass of wine from our eclectic wine list featuring oregon and washington wines as well as wines from around the world. stone cliff inn offers great food, wine, local brews and signature cocktails in a truly unique setting. we hope to see you soon!

 

view our menus

 


    lunch
  




    dinner
  

 






our story 











until 1917, the town of carver was named stone.a name descriptive of the large boulders and basalt cliff located at the quarry (site of the current restaurant). although there were other activities in stone between 1850 and 1900, quarry rock was the main focus of commercial activity. this attention brought settlers and other commercial activity after the turn of the century (see photos on walls of the fish hatchery, post office, bank, creamery, railroad, cannery, and of course general store/saloon, now the rock garden tavern located directly below the restaurant).between 1900 and 1950 the town of stone was primarily a logging community. there were three sawmills in the area: the mumpower sawmill below the bridge, the pratt sawmill at the north end of town, and the harrington sawmill near the historical baker log cabin.several local families were part of the logging lore so closely tied to the identity of carver (named for stephen carver in 1917, who built a railroad line into carver to haul logs and passengers). those families included, for example, the charriere, rosenbaum and alford families. most of the original settlers still have descendants in the area who have stayed despite the fact that the logging activity has since moved south or east toward estacada and molalla.this restaurant was built by mike rosenbaum, son of local logger lloyd rosenbaum, to preserve some of carver's rich history. the building incorporates the two historical themes from carver from 1850 to 1950: quarry rock and logging. the rock wall bordering the entire restaurant driveway is from the quarry. likewise, the foundation of the stone cliff inn is basalt rock remnants from the original quarry. the logs on top of the basalt are all douglas fir, characteristic of those logs harvested in the carver area between 1900 and 1950.

 


    make a reservation
  








stone cliff



a destination



eat together



about our food



story



new page



































contact503-631-790017900 s. clackamas river driveoregon city, or 97045



business hoursopen tuesday through sunday, closed monday’slunch 11:30am-2:00pm - last seating at 1:45dinner 4:00pm-8:00pm - last seating at 7:45**we are closed from 2pm - 4pm, daily.**make a reservation











