










atlanta website design | custom wordpress website developers

















































skip to content



























 
homeservicesour workaboutblogcontact








 













art wave is an atlanta web design company building elegant custom websites since 1996.












request a quote



















custom website development, specializing in wordpress and e-commerce. going beyond basic web design to fully explore the art of website design.















designstarting with a clear understanding of your business needs, we design attractive websites that strengthen your brand and engage your users.
 













buildwe build mobile-friendly responsive websites that adapt to the user's viewing device and deliver a quality user experience everywhere.
 













promotewe use analytics to monitor website traffic and guide seo, social and email marketing to increase website exposure and attract more visitors.
 













maintainour maintenance service includes keeping your website and plugins updated and running smoothly. we can even update content for you.
 












learn more



















featured clients



















































































































"they understood exactly what i envisioned and were willing to adapt to ongoing changes.
i love that i can contact them whenever i have a problem or a grand new idea. they always find a solution. they are easy to work with, know how to make things work and will do their best to turn your ideas into reality."

audra anders, the aha! connection 


they were easy to work with from concept to delivery.
the attention to detail, deadlines and budget are very much appreciated by our company. we highly and without reservation recommend art wave. working with them is a pleasure. they are professional, accommodating and dedicated.

linda cuff, presidentwoodruff medical training & testing 


they've done many websites before and know all the little tricks to deliver a better product.
creating an e-commerce website is a huge undertaking. the personal connection, attention to detail and the final product that was given to me by art wave was fabulous. i do not think it would be possible to get a better product from anyone else.

anthony nappi, jax chemical company 














case studies

























morris raney real estate team
















the james paul group
















atlanta career institute
















peters, rubin & sheffield
















jax chemical company























ready to find out more?
tell us about your project and get a free quote!





contact us













 






home
services
our work
about
blog
contact
 





we'd love to talk. call us at
770.698.0960








privacy policy 























