










valkyrie riders cruiser club








welcome to the largest club on the planet
for honda valkyrie motorcycle enthusiasts!





join : general : 1500 tech : 1800 tech : justpics : shoptalk : classifieds : contact : about : 











inzane xxv 
	registration is open!
	click here!
 

 











enter your search terms

submit search form










web



vrcc


















featured photos!














upcoming events!


visit the event calendar


add my event to the list!

valhalla voyage
usa voyage is completed!
a tribute to the legendary valkyrie

what is valhalla voyage?  it was a valkyrie relay across north america!

vrcc member dag verpeide of norway provided us with a pair of viking tankards.  they quite appropriately have dragons as their handles.  we planned a relay to carry those tankards around north america starting with the vrcc head office in san dimas, california and ending at inzane viii in johnson city, tennessee.  the relay also carried a vrcc banner and a log book of sorts that participants signed and logged their travels.  there was a fabric bag to transport the banner to which each states delegation did, if they desired, attach a state pin.

the north american valhalla voyage ended in johnson city, tn with smokin' joe handing the tankards back to the vrcc president, oz at the inzane opening cermonies!

the tankards were passed off to vrcc germany at the inzane banquet, and the voyage continues.....

recent articles:

country-fied music
cajun detour
hawk
kansas dragon's to the sea














member tools
join the vrccmission statementvrcc officersupdate my infopassword helpchapter mapmember searchhelpful site links
message boards
message board1500 tech board1800 tech boardtemp boardregional boardschat room
features

just pics
shop talkclassifiedshonda valkyrie faqvalkyrie links
valkyrie articles
accessory reviewvalkyrie vendorsvortexrides and eventsebay valk searchvrcc email
fun stuff
nickel trickbbs classicsdesktop calendarvrcc owner mapvalkaholics anonymous
photo albums
member albumsinzane viinzane vinzane ivinzane iiiprescott '03albq. blastdaytona '03













vrcc vendor page



 















privacy policy
	© valkyrie riders cruiser club. all rights reserved.
	last updated: june 2023










