



home inspections by rusty layton, virginia licensed home inspector, virginia licensed new residential structure nrs inspector, american society of home inspectors ashi, international association of certified home inspectors internachi, phone 703-568-6600, email rustylayton@yahoo.com, internet www.rustylayton.com
	































703-568-6600rustylayton@yahoo.com


home

about
services
calendar
faq


about
services
calendar
faq









rusty layton home inspections
 northern virginia and washington, dc
	 
	
			 
	rusty layton has over 40 years of home inspection experience, inspected over 30,000 houses, townhouses and condos and has tens of thousands of satisfied clients. his home inspections are thorough, educational and enjoyable.





calendar and scheduling


1

check rusty layton's google calendar below for availability. inspections scheduled 9:00 am, 12:15 pm and 3:30 pm with flexibility upon request.



2

fill out the scheduling form below the calendar. you can always call or text rusty at 703-568-6600.



3

that's it! rusty will respond with confirmation of scheduling and fee quote. cheers!








rusty's calendar
 
			 
	  calendar is view mode only
			 
	  inspections scheduled 9 am, 12:15 pm and 3:30 pm with flexibility as needed
scheduling form is below calendar
			 
	


		 
		scheduling form
 text me at 703-568-6600 that you filled out the form just in case
		 
						








services & fees
fees listed are guidelines. many variables effect fees. please fill out request form for an accurate quote for your inspection.




pre-contract/walk and talk inspection
$395-$595
a pre-contract walk and talk inspection has evolved as a response to a competitive market. rusty can provide you with the important information you should know before submitting an offer. the walk and talk inspection has become a popular alternative to a ratified contract inspection. 




ratified contract inspections
condominium: $295-$695
townhouse:  $395-$795
single family: $450-$895
the traditional home inspection is the ideal way to ensure that you are informed and educated about the property you are purchasing so that you can make informed decisions. rusty will thoroughly inspect the property with you and generate a comprehensive written report that is emailed to you by the next day.




new construction inspections
pre-drywall: $395-$595
final: $450-$795
one year: $450-$550
a pre-drywall home inspection is for homes currently under construction and the inspection is performed after the wiring, hvac and plumbing components are ready to be closed in with insulation and drywall. the new construction final inspection is done after a new home has been completed and prior to the new owner taking possession. the one year inspection is your last chance to record issues for the builder to correct 




consulting inspections
$295-$395
have a problem or a concern with your home? need a second opinion?  rusty will be more than happy to come by and check out your concern and help you determine what to do about it. remember, we are a fee based service and does not profit from recommendations as contractors do. best to start with rusty before spending money needlessly!




pre-listing inspections
$395-$495
a pre-listing home inspection is an excellent way to prepare your house for sale. as the seller, you naturally want your house to be in the best condition possible, so it is as attractive as possible to potential buyers. by having rusty inspect your home prior to listing, you have forewarning of any potential issues, allowing you to remedy them if possible or, at the least, be aware of the situation.












faqs











 cost
inspection fees vary by type of home, size and year built. see services above for fee guidelines. 
 time
inspection time will vary by the type of house and type of inspection; generally budget 2 hours for a condo and 3 hours for a townhouse and single family house. 
 report
with few exceptions inspection reports are emailed the next day. all reports are pdf and transmitted via email. 
 payment
check to russell layton associates, paypal/cc, venmo, or zelle are options. 
 scheduling
 i need the inspection address, your name and email, agent name and email and day and time of the inspection. you can provide this information by email, text or scheduling form.















 "excellent teacher" 




"thoroughly enjoyed working with rusty. it is clear that he has seen it all, and is able to tell the story of the home being inspected. it was a wonderful education to not only learn about the inspection, but also the likely maintenance upcoming for the home. highly recommended!" 





"rusty was very patient taking us through our whole home, and explaining along the way. he was an excellent teacher, and we gained a tremendous amount of knowledge. friendly, genuine, and knowledgeable. we couldn't have asked for anything more." 





"rusty did a very detailed and thorough inspection. he also provided recommendations for us and that really helped us value the complexity of issues raised!"











about


 

rusty layton


russell layton associates, inc. is a home inspection company in alexandria, va incorporated in 1995. rusty layton is the owner and has been a home inspector since 1981. he has performed over 30,000 home inspections in the washington dc metropolitan area. rusty is a 30 year member of the american society of home inspectors (ashi), the oldest and most respected professional society of home inspectors, a member of the international association of licensed home inspectors (internachi), the largest home inspection association in the world and a licensed home inspector and new residential structure (nrs) inspector by the commonwealth of virginia.








qualifications




ashi





internachi





virginia dpor





ashi 30 year member










 "thorough, trustworthy" 






 "rusty is as good as it gets so much so that he actually teaches other inspectors classes. 
i am happy our paths crossed and plan to have him come out and do short follow up inspections to make sure i am maintaining my investment.
	thank you for your knowledge and service rusty!"





 
"rusty was fantastic for inspection on a condo. he was able to quickly fit me in as i had a limited window to get the inspection done. rusty was very informative during the inspection and explained everything he was checking, why, and how it works. he provided helpful tips along the way about maintenance, potential problems that may arise, and how to address. not being familiar with hvac and plumbing components, the information was invaluable and could pay dividends later on. the final report was very detailed and captured everything we went through. if i need this type of service again, without a doubt i would look to rusty!"
	




 
"thorough, trustworthy."



















 home/top 

 calendar 

about/next 
â© 2024 |  russell layton associates, inc.











