



main page - dkosopedia
















 
main page |
recent changes |
view source |
page historyprintable version | disclaimers | privacy policy

not logged in
log in | help


 




main pagefrom dkosopedia





 welcome to the dkosopedia
welcome to the dkosopedia, a collaborative project of the dailykos community to build a political encyclopedia.  the dkosopedia is written from a left/progressive/liberal/democratic point of view while also attempting to fairly acknowledge the other side's take. it was started in april of 2004, and currently consists of 14,378 articles. you are invited to contribute. see below for instructions.

 issues
guns - afghanistan - iraq (iraq war) - iran - international affairs - middle east - the military - the draft - nato - patriot act/tia - terrorism - united nations - war

butter - abortion - bioethics - civil rights - demographic politics - drug war - economy - education - energy - environment - health care - human rights - labor - media - nafta - religion and politics - science - trade - taxes - voting rights/election integrity



 hot topics
111th united states congress
u.s. gubernatorial elections, 2009
u.s. senate election, 2010
u.s. house election, 2010
global warming
foia:combatant status review tribunal dossiers
happening now

 timelines
torture timeline
election integrity timeline
hurricane katrina timeline
iranian nuclear crisis timeline
plame leak timeline
progressive radio timeline
secret prisons timeline
us attorney purge timeline
warrantless eavesdropping timeline

 articles in need of work
daily kos reading list
intelligent design / creationism
central intelligence agency
barack obama

 new topics
health and safety
food politics

 projects
congress matters
participation - how to run for office
references - media bias - political ideologies - historical indexes
glossary of political terms - kossary
framing
our vision for america
frame creation by topic
practical frames
ongoing projects


 netroots nation convention
the fifth annual gathering of the netroots (formerly known as the yearlykos convention) will be held july 22-25, 2010 at the rio hotel & casino in las vegas, nv.
about netroots nation
netroots nation agenda for 2010

 reference
united states government - main page
legislative branch
house
house bills

senate
senate bills


executive branch
presidency

judicial branch
supreme court
key court decisions



state governments - al - ak - az - ar - ca - co - ct - de - fl - ga - hi - id - il - in - ia - ks - ky - la - me - md - ma - mi - mn - ms - mo - mt - ne - nv - nh - nj - nm - ny - nc - nd - oh - ok - or - pa - ri - sc - sd - tn - tx - ut - vt - va - wa - wv - wi - wy - dc

political parties - u.s. - main page
democratic
republican
third


media - main page
media bias
print
film
radio
tv
internet


elections - main page
electoral college
fec - pacs - primaries
voting rights
voting systems


polling - main page
methodology
pollsters


documents - main page
constitution - bill of rights - etc.


people
bios/profiles
quotes
speeches
book reviews
interviews


timeline
 pre-1900, 1900s, teens, 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, 2000s


other countries/governments - main page
canada - israel -mexico - etc.






 featured article: evolution of the credit default swap
the evolution of the credit default swap
stage 1 (perturbo mutans)
you have just made a loan to someone, and now you're nervous that this scoundrel might not pay. what to do, what to do? ah, but you need not worry! i happen to have assets on hand that can easily cover your petty loan. what's more, for a small monthly fee, i'll be happy to provide you with insurance of a sort. should the person to whom you've extended a loan prove unreliable, i'll shoulder the burden -- so long as you keep up the payments. let's call this insurance a... credit default swap.
in 1999, these credit default swaps already existed, but they were a niche product. only a fraction of banks employed them and then only on a fraction of loans. without some knock to the system, swaps would probably have remained a relatively small player.
stage 2 (perturbo furtiva)
knock, knock. in 2000 republican economic hero, phil gramm, with the assistance of a small legion of lobbyists, created the commodity futures modernization act. along with ushering in the enron disaster, this bill provided the one thing that credit default swaps needed to grow and mutate -- invisibility. thanks to the cfma, not only were credit default swaps unregulated, they were impossible to observe directly. like black holes in deep space, you could only spot swaps by looking at how other things acted nearby.
so, now you've made a loan to someone, and you're worried about it. i want to offer you a credit default swap so i can collect the fee. trouble is, i don't have the assets to cover your loan. so how can i... hold on, credit default swaps are so unregulated that no one says i actually have to be able to deliver on my promise.  hey, over here! have i got a swap for you, and it's a bargain.
so now the cds is a means of moving the risk, but the risk is still as high (or higher, since the original lender might have been better able to cover the loss). in fact, credit default swaps have gone from being a risk mitigator, to a risk magnifier.
stage 3 (peturbo veloxicresco)
you have a loan you're worried about. that's good, because lots of people want to offer you swaps. after all, you don't have to have any assets to issue a swap. the investment bank of first me and the change i found in the couch cushions can offer swaps for all the debt at morgan stanley, and that's okay. i get free money for issuing the swaps, and the swaps have value on the books. so both me and my pal mr. stanley have values that are inflating faster than a tick in a blood bank.
now you can get a swap for any loan you want, and with all the competition, the cost of these swaps is lower, and lower, and lower. here's an idea: why not go out and make more loans, riskier loans. why not offer anyone you can collar on the street a loan, no matter whether or not they can pay it off, not because some 30 year old law makes you do it, but because your friend the credit swap makes it perfectly safe!
so many people are offering these things that you could give a loan to saddam while the bombs are falling without a care in the world. you can always get a swap.
stage 4 (fatum casus)
i have a swap. i really, really want someone to take my swap. only even with every incentive i can offer, not enough people are loaning. sure, there's a record amount of hypothetical money sloshing around the system thanks to me and my swaps, but it's still not enough. so what can i...
wait a second. swaps are unregulated. no one says i have to have enough resources to cover the swap, and even better, no one says i have to offer the swap to the person who actually made the loan! hey buddy, see that loan over there? you may think it's iffy, but i think it'll hold up. in fact, i'm so sure it will, i'll sell you a credit default swap on it that pays off if it fails. you don't make the loan, you don't have to pay off on the loan, you don't have anything to do with the loan. you just pay me the fee. and if that guy loses his money, you collect. how sweet is that!
this mutation is enormous (see how the genera changed up there?). at this point, credit default swaps have become completely divorced from the original function. a single loan can be covered by multiple swaps. there's a complicated fiscal term for this. it's called gambling, and at this stage, that's all that remains of those little "insurance" policies. they no longer protect anyone from anything, they just offer a chance to place enormous overlapping side bets on everything.
stage 5 (fatum insanus)
i have swaps! get your swaps here! want a swap on a loan you made? okay. want to bet that the bozo in the next cube is making bad loans? we can do that. want to bundle up some loans and bet on those? buddy we can do better than that. i can give you a swap on the value of other swaps. now we're really in business.
who owns the original loan? don't know, don't care. who's actually responsible for the money if that loan should fail? ehhh, can't really say. has anyone noticed that a single bad loan could cause a cascade of swap calls that bounce around the system like a rocket-power pinball? shut up.
isn't anyone worried that this is the most massive house of cards ever constructed in human history? lookit, what part of "we took 120 billion in bonuses out of this place in the last five years" are you missing?
stage 6 (fatum exicelebritas)
hey, my loan went bad. can i have my money from that swap, please?
stage 7 (fatum cerus)
oh shit.
(this is part of a post by devilstower.)






dkosopedia - announcements - policies - meta - advocacy - todo - testing - credits - candidates for deletion - happening now





how to change entries in the dkosopedia
you are invited to contribute noninflammatory original material; please adhere to our policies. before editing any pages, you must first register and log in; you may then want to play in our sandbox to familiarize yourself with mediawiki formatting. 

see the wikipedia or sourcewatch (nã©e disinfopedia) for other examples of collaborative information resources using the mediawiki software.


retrieved from "http://localhostindex.html"
 this page was last modified 17:24, 28 june 2010 by dkosopedia user jbet777. based on work by alanf, chad lupkes and jeff wegerson, dkosopedia user(s) centerfielder, corncam, bartfraden, allamakee democrat, dmsilev, tunesmith, pyrrho, waltisfrozen, admin and testuser and anonymous user(s) of dkosopedia. content is available under the terms of the gnu free documentation license.


 view source |
discuss this page |
page history |
what links here |
related changes

main page | about dkosopedia | recent changes | 

 
 this page was last modified 17:24, 28 june 2010 by dkosopedia user jbet777. based on work by alanf, chad lupkes and jeff wegerson, dkosopedia user(s) centerfielder, corncam, bartfraden, allamakee democrat, dmsilev, tunesmith, pyrrho, waltisfrozen, admin and testuser and anonymous user(s) of dkosopedia. content is available under the terms of the gnu free documentation license.




daily kos
dailykos faq

view source
discuss this page
page history
what links here
related changes
special pages
bug reports



