
























muscular dystrophy association























get your limited-edition 75th anniversary gear at the mda shop




skip to main content























map
                find care
            

heart
                donate
            

menu









about us








join mda
a place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do.



our story
about mda
our impact
mda history
faqs


our team
mda leadership
mda ambassadors
careers


resources
press room
financials
quest magazine
contact us




neuromuscular diseases








join mda
a place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do.



neuromuscular diseases
full list of diseases
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)
charcot-marie-tooth disease (cmt)
congenital muscular dystrophy (cmd)


duchenne muscular dystrophy (dmd)
emery-dreifuss muscular dystrophy
endocrine myopathies
metabolic diseases of muscle


mitochondrial myopathies (mm)
myotonic dystrophy (dm)
spinal-bulbar muscular atrophy (sbma)
spinal muscular atrophy (sma)




care & services








join mda
a place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do.



care centers
about mda services
mda care centers
meet your team
your visit
community education
mda community education
educational materials
access workshops
on-demand webinars
mda college scholarship program


mda resource hub
national resource center
mda connect appointments
request information
community resources
outside organization programs & information
mda community support groups
mda peer connections


recreation programs
mda summer camp
become a camp volunteer
send your child to camp
virtual camp
family getaways
gene therapy support
mda gene therapy support network




science & research








join mda
a place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do.



our approach
about mda research
grants at a glance
creating a new therapy
what we've achieved
movr data hub
clinical trials finder tool


for researchers
our research program
funding opportunities
contact our research team
mda annual conference
mda venture philanthropy
mda kickstart program


for clinicians
clinical trials finder tool
mda annual conference
medical education
mda monthly report




ways to give




wills, bequests, trusts and planned giving
include mda in your will to advance research and support those with neuromuscular diseases. contact kathleen riordan for more information.



donate
donate now
make a monthly gift
donate in honor or memory
matching gifts


other ways to give
shop the mda store
donate stock
donor advised funds
donate cryptocurrency
wills, bequests, trusts and planned giving
give while you shop




get involved




volunteer and empower lives
choose from one of many volunteer opportunities and make a difference for people living with neuromuscular diseases.



volunteer

become a volunteer
volunteer resources
advocate
become an advocate


participate
participate in an event
calendar of events
start a fundraiser


partner
become an mda partner
meet our partners
fire fighters for mda




join mda


quest media








join mda
a place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do.



quest
magazine
newsletter
podcast
blog






map
                find care
            

search
                search
            
donate



close





we use cookies to improve your experience.









sign up for mda news & updates




first name


last name


email









a message from donald s. wood, phd, president and ceo
rare neuromuscular diseases stand as some of the most challenging puzzles in science and medicine today. the rare nature of progressive muscle disease like muscular dystrophies, spinal muscular atrophy, als, and pompe, coupled with corresponding gaps in public awareness and scientific investment, can present obstacles to research and access to treatments. but at the muscular dystrophy association (mda), thanks to your support, we're tackling these challenges head-on and we’re seeing results!
our work has led to historic advancements in genetic research, improved diagnostic methods, multidisciplinary care, and the development of groundbreaking therapies that once seemed beyond reach. these scientific discoveries have wide-reaching applications for other more commonplace diseases and conditions, affecting millions of people across the globe.
together, we can surge past the limits of yesterday's understanding and treatments. it’s your commitment, involvement, and support that are the forces that drive us forward. thank you for your dedication to people living with neuromuscular diseases and to mda’s mission.



mission statement
the muscular dystrophy association’s mission is to empower the people we serve to live longer, more independent lives.
mda is the #1 voluntary health organization in the united states for people living with muscular dystrophy, als, and over 300 other neuromuscular conditions. for 75 years, mda has led the way in accelerating research, advancing care, and advocating support and inclusion of families living with neuromuscular disease.



accelerating scientific discovery and breakthroughs
transforming research into real world treatment and therapies.
explore the science









access to comprehensive care and resources
redefining what it means to live with neuromuscular disease.
experience the care



75 years of progress and impact
one community. a world of impact. 75 years and counting.
our history






neuromuscular diseases take away abilities many of us take for granted— moving, speaking, eating, even breathing.
at mda, we’re funding innovative research that leads to real world treatments, changing the landscape for people living with these conditions. we also provide access to expert care, trusted resources and a supportive community, empowering people living with neuromuscular disease to live longer, stronger and on their own terms.
about neuromuscular diseases






state or zip

find mda care centers



get involved
there are many ways to get involved with mda. whether you’re looking to create a fundraiser, host a game night, volunteer at a camp, run a marathon, or advocate for the cause, the ways to get involved are endless.




start a fundraiser





become a volunteer





start your monthly gift of $19 today





mda let's play for a cure





advocate for mda



ways to get involved


latest stories
for the latest happenings in the mda community and to read inspiring stories, browse the mda blog.



  
 episode 48 - living with intention and creating a more beautiful life with amber bosselman  

  
 everything you need to know about the dot ruling on accessible air travel  

  
 picking afo braces is like buying jeans: find your perfect fit  

  
 simply stated: rna-based therapies in development for myotonic dystrophy  


visit our blog



upcoming events



 feb 22, 2025  
 2025 muscle walk of houston 
 register  

 mar 15, 2025  
 night of hope 
 register  

 mar 16, 2025 to mar 19, 2025  
 2025 mda clinical & scientific conference 
 register  

 apr 21, 2025  
 2025 boston marathon 
   


see more events


press releases



 feb 18, 2025 
 muscular dystrophy association launches nation's largest st. patrick’s day fundraising campaign celebrating 75 years of progress 
 thousands of retailers will participate with in-store mda shamrocks pin-ups and roundups throughout february and march; and a new online... 
 read more  

 feb 14, 2025 
 mda’s urgent call to action: lift impediments to collaborations on research and care progress 
  
 read more  

 feb 12, 2025 
 muscular dystrophy association announces muscle walk events throughout 2025 in local communities across the country 
 mda muscle walks take place in eight cities across the nation, bringing families, volunteers, partners and sponsors together to fund... 
 read more  


see recent news




meet our partners
these partners are empowering lives through science and care for mda families. 

meet them all


join us
sign up to receive email updates on volunteer opportunities and the impact you’re making for families.






first name


last name



email










mda resource center: we’re here for you
our trained specialists are here to provide one-on-one support for every part of your journey. send a message below or call us at 1-833-ask-mda1 (1-833-275-6321). if you live outside the u.s., we may be able to connect you to muscular dystrophy groups in your area, but mda programs are only available in the u.s.
request information



































































media
careers
donate
contact us



muscular dystrophy association, inc.
1016 w jackson blvd #1073
chicago, illinois 60607
800-572-1717  |  resourcecenter@mdausa.org



facebook


linkedin


twitter


youtube


instagram



the muscular dystrophy association (mda) is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization.
©2025, muscular dystrophy association inc. all rights reserved.
privacy policy | 
            terms of use | state fundraising notices
























sign up for mda news & updates



first name


last name



email



facebook


linkedin


twitter


youtube


instagram












the muscular dystrophy association (mda) is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization.
2025, muscular dystrophy association inc. all rights reserved.
privacy policy | terms of use | state fundraising notices













