




todd's rigs & lures - offshore trolling lures & rigs by todd tharp

































































todd's rigs & lures
distributor of custom offshore trolling rigs,
                    lures &  accessories 







founded in 1995, todd's rigs & lures,
                          specializes in custom offshore trolling rigs. in august
                          of 1996 we acquired another lure company that had been
                          out of production for several years. we then developed
                          two more lures the following year and are currently
                          in development of several more scheduled to be released
                          in the coming months... keep a look out for the next
                        batch of award winning lures! 






our lures
                              have been successfully fished throughout florida,
                              the bahamas, the cayman islands, the hawaiian islands,
                              both coasts of mexico, jamaica, texas, louisiana,
                              south carolina, and north carolina to catch a variety
                              of species including dolphin, wahoo, yellowfin,
                              bluefin, & blackfin
                            tuna, sailfish, blue & white marlin. 
in 1999, we acquired another well
                            known lure company, dick k. lures, he had a wide
                            variety of lures that have also been successfully
                            fished around the world. this acquisition greatly
                            expands our lure product line. we will integrate
                            the full line of lures over the next couple of years
                            and continue to make any special requests. 

                          thanks! 

                        todd tharp 

  



todd's rigs & lures -
                    distributor of custom offshore trolling rigs, lures & accessories







offshore trolling lures &
            riggs by todd tharp









