








































trinity church






skip to main content


















trinity church wall street








 


 


worship & congregation


music & events


community


visit & history








toggle search

 

see all events
 















 


 





you belong herejoin us for sunday worship8am, 9am, 11:15amsee scheduletoggle video


season of lentbeginning march 5, lent is a time to remember who we are — and where we’re going. 
          learn more
        
              worship
            
              12:05pm
            march 5, 2025
                    ash wednesday 
                    
          one of the most solemn days of the christian calendar, ash wednesday symbolizes two seemingly contradictory realities: mortality and resurrection. 
        
              music
            
              6:30pm
            march 20, 2025
                    lenten meditations: remorse to redemption  
                    
          trinity choir leads us through the lenten journey with a selection of hauntingly beautiful compositions.
        
          grow in faith. find community. serve our neighbors.
        we bring people together to experience god’s love.worship servicesmusic & eventsfaith educationparish lifechildren, youth, & familiessupport groupsfood & pantryvolunteer opportunitiesgrants & givingleadership development
    

      what’s new  
  view allfebruary 17, 2025february 17, 202512:00 am
to 11:59 pm
            trinity church
          
  add to calendar
  2025-02-17 12:00 am2025-02-17 11:59 pmamerica/new_york
      holy city: paintings by brian whelan  
      see monumental cityscapes depicting christianity, islam, and judaism coexisting in harmony. through march 19.trinity churchfalse
      holy city: paintings by brian whelan  
      see monumental cityscapes depicting christianity, islam, and judaism coexisting in harmony. through march 19.the holy obligation to hope
          “it is an enduring paradox of christianity that in the most difficult moments in our lives — when we have lost hope and long for god to bring us answers, to end our suffering, to fix things — we are instead instructed to wait,” writes summerlee staten. ”but in the interim, we are asked to do god’s work in the here and now, while remaining in prayerful hope for the world to come.”
        blessings in disguise
          in our scripture this week, “jesus subverts our expectations and invites us to see blessing a different way,” writes the rev. yein kim, “one that is not dependent on external circumstances.”
        
    

      calendar  
  see full calendar
        4
      
        march
      
            parish life
          
            6:00 pm
          
            st. paul's chapel
          
                    mardi gras celebration
                    
          join us for trinity’s annual mardi gras celebration, a time of fun and fellowship before we begin our lenten journey together. 
        
        6
      
        march
      
            music
          
            6:30 pm
          
            trinity church
          
                    musical multitudes: downtown voices and amor artis
                    
          downtown voices and amor artis perform a set of monumental choral works. 
        9
      
        march
      
            faith education
          
            10:00 am
          
            trinity commons
          
                    discovery: the bible in american literature and film
                    
          from superheroes to epic novels, themes from the bible inform and influence many well-known works of american literature. join us to explore the surprising ways scripture shows up in our favorite stories. 
        
        20
      
        march
      
            music
          
            6:30 pm
          
            st. paul's chapel
          
                    lenten meditations: remorse to redemption 
                    
          trinity choir performs a selection of hauntingly beautiful compositions written over the centuries for lent and holy week.  
            our history begins in 1697.
          george washington prayed here. alexander hamilton is buried here. from the great fire of 1776 to the aftermath of 9/11, trinity has served the people of new york. visit us to explore our past and present.
            see all locations
          
            our history begins in 1697.
          george washington prayed here. alexander hamilton is buried here. from the great fire of 1776 to the aftermath of 9/11, trinity has served the people of new york. visit us to explore our past and present.
                    trinity church
                  the churchyard is home to the gravesite of alexander hamilton and other historic memorials and monuments. the present building is the third on the site, consecrated in 1846 and designed by british-born architect richard upjohn in the 19th century gothic revival style.
                      visit trinity church
                    
                      visit trinity church
                    
                    st. paul's chapel
                  george washington prayed here after his inauguration as president in 1789. the chapel also played an important role in supporting the nyc community after 9/11. located a few blocks north of trinity church, it is an active site for worship, music concerts, and community outreach.
                      visit st. paul's chapel
                    
                      visit st. paul's chapel
                    
                    trinity commons
                  a welcoming space with programs for all ages and backgrounds, trinity commons hosts a variety of activities and events to enhance the well-being of our congregation and community. our free programs are currently available online.
                      visit trinity commons
                    
                      visit trinity commons
                    
                    trinity retreat center
                  a refuge of healing, peace, joy, and spiritual formation for all generations, where you can slow down, connect deeply with nature, and go home ready to make an even greater impact on the world.
                      visit trinity retreat center
                    
                      visit trinity retreat center
                    
                    uptown cemetery & mausoleum
                  trinity church cemetery and mausoleum, located uptown in hamilton heights, offers the only active community mausoleum in manhattan. in addition to being a beautiful place to visit, the mausoleum also serves those with immediate interment needs and those who are planning ahead.
                      visit trinity cemetery & mausoleum
                    
                      visit trinity cemetery & mausoleum
                    
      — the rev. phillip a. jackson, rector
    we are called to be people who don’t let fear freeze us. we are called to be people of hope and courage.learn more


      subscribe for trinity updates  get information about trinity church and our latest programming.you must have javascript enabled to use this form.
    email address
          this field is required.the e-mail address for this newsletter subscription.





 












            89 broadway, new york, ny 10006
          


  © 2025 trinity church






about


careers


stories & news


financial disclosure


press room


volunteer


donate


contact































privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility


















