
soul of syracuse.com - national news, sports and entertainment
































 



attractions
|
casinos
|
churches
|
education
|
government(us)
|
h.s. alumni
|
hospital & medical
|
organizations
|
restaurants
|
syrasoul calendar
|
syrasoul travel



 



















lilly ledbetter fair pay actedward m. kennedy serve america actfraud enforcement and recovery acthelping families save their homes actcredit card accountability, responsibility, and disclosure (card) act of 2009











national/world breaking news columnist | sports | news stories











nys lottery - july 23, 2024

numbs evening



2

7

3








win4 evening

5

3

0

9





mega millions july 23, 2024




03

09

14

26

51

21
 



$306 million (estimate) 07/26/24



market update as of jul 18th










djia 41,152.98  dn  00.00
nasdaq 18,089.72  dn 00.00
s&p 500 5,603.63  dn 00.00
oil brent  74.11 up 00.00


















prince rogers nelson - the greatest of the greats
 when he passed, the top 15 songs and 10 albums sold on itunes were all prince



music will never be the sameprince rogers nelson has passed away at aged 57 at his estate in minnesota. paramedics were called to his paisley park studio at 9.43 am. forensics teams and a medical examiner concluded that no foul play was involved. prince was hospitalized six days prior after his private jet made an emergency landing in illinois. he was treated for three hours before being released, then went onto make an appearance at a dance party in minnesota on saturday where he didn't perform, but did take to the stage to tell fans who were worried about his health to 'wait a few days before you waste any prayers'. the purple rain hitmaker's last concert was at the fox theatre in atlanta on april 14th - the second of two back to back sold out shows - and had seemed 'fine' during the concert, according to audience members. 

"still will stand all timeas it was written in the gospel of thomas "no prophet is accepted in his own village; no physician heals those who know him.", honorable prince rogers nelson is being recognized around the world by presidents, politicians, legends and friends.  before his passing, millions of us joined the npg club and gave him an unprecedented following that he and only he could activate at a moments notice. in the song let it go, he refers to those numbers "now, i got an army and we're 3 million strong".  everyone else had to promote through traditional means like radio, flyers and local tv appearances to make sure they had a good crowd. prince fired up a 900 number in the 90's and encouraged people to join him in a new power generation. he and his crew rolled every since.
 




syrasoul review lifetime movie: whitneyprobably one of the most anticipated television movies of 2015. everyone loved or loves whitney houston. she is still an iconic figure in music and even her films. yet people never really knew her or could accept the fact about the choices she made. one of those decisions was her marrying bobby brown. check out phinesse's review or  click here to read daniel woodson's review of let me explain   let me explain has been a surprise hit at the box office. 


the real superman! in memory of honorable dr. carson carrwhat words does one use to describe this feeling, when there are no words that exist,  husband, father, leader, teacher, one who will be sorely missed.. gentle giant, philanthropist, mentor, hero or a visionary who took a stand, against poverty, poor education and discrimination - to us… this is the real superman!.  click here to read full poem. damn you cancer - souls of our feet - newtown angels poem - poem: reason for the season - poem: enough! - article: this man called michael.  or article: tribute to whitney. 



















 

























brought to you by espreenet news services
columnist  read news, opinion or entertainment from one of our most popular writers and editor lucy sanchez-abreu. 
columnist letters from cuba  former unc student's diary describing her 18 week semester in cuba. lifestyle,travel & studies. 
columnist former professional basketball coach dean gives you a perspective of the world of sports at all levels.
columnist author and feature columnist will give you a wide range of thought provoking commentary from a to z. 










syrasoul spotlightthe worlds greatest entertainer "smooth criminal"





syrasoul entertainment & living calendar | travel | tourist attractions









 patti labelle's  mac-n-cheese   preheat oven to 350. lightly butter a deep 2 1/2 quart baking dish. fill a large pot with water and bring to a rapid boil. add macaroni and the 1 tb oil. cook for 7 minutes, or until somewhat tender. drain well, and return to the pot. meanwhile, in a small saucepan, melt 8 tb of the butter.stir into macaroni. in a large bowl, combine all of the shredded cheeses. to the macaroni, add 1 1/2 cups of shredded cheeses, half and half, the cubed cheese and the eggs, and the seasoned salt and pepper. transfer to the casserole dish, and top with remaining 1/2 cup shredded cheese. dot with remaining 1 tb of the butter. bake for 30-35 minutes or until the edges are golden brown and bubbly. serve hot. serves 8.
 
bright, shiny, nothingby m genise sims  meelah thompson is a stunningly beautiful, charming and rich twenty-something. there hasn't been a man that she wanted that she couldn't have. so, meelah uses men. she doesn't use them for money, she uses them as playthings. her tyrannical mother, rita thompson and meelah's wealthy stepfather fund a very lavish lifestyle. but there’s a hefty price to pay. rita runs her daughter’s life. is rita really the one in control? 
black panther marvel studios’ “black panther” follows t’challa who returns home to the isolated, technologically advanced african nation of wakanda to become king, but when a powerful old enemy reappears, t’challa’s mettle as king—and black panther—is tested when he is drawn into a formidable conflict that puts the fate of wakanda and the entire world at risk. director ryan coogler starring chadwick boseman, michael b jordan, lupita nyong'o, daniel kaluuya and letitia wright runtime 2hr 14mins pg13.  , black panther has brought in more than $1.3 billion to date










 


















lc
                                



upcoming event(s) 
cedric the entertainment the vine @ del largo fri august 15th @ 8pm cedric the entertainer, is an american actor, comedian, and game show host. he hosted bet’s comicview during the 1993–94 season and def comedy jam in 1995. he is best known for co-starring with steve harvey on the wb sitcom the steve harvey show, as one of the original kings of comedy, and for starring as eddie walker in barbershop. he hosted the 12th season of the daytime version of who wants to be a millionaire in 2013–14 and starred in the tv land original series the soul man, which aired from 2012 until 2016. he is currently starring in the cbs show the neighborhood. must be 21+ to attend. 
bell biv devoeseneca niagara event centerfri september 30th @ 8pm that girl is poison, but this show is fire! founded by original members of new edition, bell biv devoe, opens in a new tab crashed into the r&b urban music scene in 1990 with their debut album “poison, opens in a new tab”, an album that would win a soul train music award the following year. don’t miss this show full of hip-hop, funk, soul & pop music! tickets | $45, $55, $75, $95  remember, all our tickets are now completely paperless.
cypress hillseneca niagara event center friday, october 21, 2022 three decades ago, b-real, sen dog, and dj muggs sparked a trip that left popular culture stoned, stunned, and staggering in anticipation for more. naming themselves after a local street in los angeles, cypress hill burst on the scene in ‘91 with the release of their self-titled debut album. singles “how i could just kill a man” & “the phuncky feel one” became underground hits and the group’s pro-marijuana stance earned them many fans among the alt rock community. must be 21 or older to attend events at the vine.



 













volunteer at jazz central events, contact us at 315-479-5299 or info@cnyjazz.org. 

  this weekend: open mic poetry and live jazz bring your friends and family.
****** syralinks ******syracuse in focus photoscny jazz central syracuse skychiefssyracuse crunch ahlsyracuse university sports 




 






 



 
home | advertise | privacy statement | disclaimer | contact us


soulofsyracuse.comsm is a servicemark of syrasoul a division of esfam corporation.
copyright 
        © 2001-24 esfam corp., usa  -  all rights reserved. 
a listing within this site does not constitute an endorsement. syrasoul is not responsible for the content of external internet sites.
    
powered, designed and maintained by espreenet services





american city named host of winter olympics in 2034 

salt lake city has been awarded the 2034 winter olympic games following a vote by the international olympic committee. 

sunday was the hottest day on earth ever: global average temperature hit 17.09°c on july 21

on sunday (july 21), the world's average temperature hit 62.76°f (17.09°c) – just exceeding the previous record of 62.74°f (17.08°c) from july 6, 2023. this makes it the hottest day going back to at least 1940, when records started. 

ozempic could make you go blind 

ozempic could make you go blind warn experts as worrying study finds patients on the drug are more likely to suffer irreversible optic nerve damage.  according to us experts, people with diabetes prescribed semaglutide were four times more likely to be diagnosed with non-arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy.  

fifth avenue is purchasing rival store neiman marcus

the parent company of saks fifth avenue is purchasing rival store neiman marcus as part of a blockbuster $2.65 billion deal that hopes to retain both brands' wealthy shoppers. hudson bay co (hbc) will control 36 neiman marcus department stores, two bergdorf goodman locations, and five last call outlets under the agreement. amazon - which has long been attempting to boost its luxury offerings - will also have a minority stake as will tech-giant salesforce. together, neiman marcus and saks will become saks global.

july is set to be the world's hottest month in 'hundreds, if not thousands, of years,' top nasa expert warns 

gavin schmidst, a climatologist at nasa, claims that earth is facing 'unprecedented changes' as europe, the us and china bake in scorching temperatures. 

getting more omega-3s might slash your risk of hearing issues, finds study 

scientists from canada have discovered that consuming higher levels of an omega-3 found in fatty fish can help lower the chance of experiencing difficulty hearing as people get older. 

huge asteroid the size of the leaning tower of pisa flew closer to earth than the moon this month - and scientists didn't notice until two days later 

an asteroid called 2023 nt1 reached around 62,000 miles from earth - about a quarter the distance between earth and the moon - on july 13. here's why it went by unnoticed. 

black man who says he was elected mayor of rural alabama town files federal civil rights lawsuit claiming white leaders are blocking him from the role

patrick braxton, 57, claims he filed the necessary proper paperwork to compete in newbern, alabama's mayoral election in 2020, which he says he won fair and square. 

major hiv breakthrough as sixth patient is 'effectively cured' of virus after risky stem cell transplant 

a swiss man in his 50s - dubbed 'the geneva patient' - has been hiv-free since receiving a risky therapy in 2018, making him the sixth person in the world to be deemed 'cured' of hiv. 

now doctors warn of health impacts of second-hand vaping 

scientists from universities in virginia and north carolina studied the effect of puffing an e-cigarette in a car for less than just 10 minutes. the air became laden with possibly poisonous toxins.

experimental drug dostarlimab cures cancer

an experimental cancer drug appears to have cured every single patient in a small clinical trial conducted in the us. the 18 patients, all of whom had been diagnosed with rectal cancer, entered remission after taking dostarlimab over a six-month period, according to a study published in the new england journal of medicine. this is the first time this has happened in the history of cancer,” dr luis diaz, one of the lead authors of the paper and an oncologist at the memorial sloan kettering cancer centre in new york, told the new york times. dostarlimab is an immunotherapy drug used in the treatment of endometrial cancer, but this was the first clinical investigation into whether it could be effective against rectal cancer tumours.  two years on from the study, the patients appear to remain cancer-free, and none of the participants in the trial have yet received chemoradiotherapy or undergone surgery. 

family of emmett till wants justice after unserved warrant found

startling new evidence in the 1955 case came to light when investigators discovered an unserved arrest warrant for carolyn bryant, a white woman who claimed 14-year-old emmett till whistled at her in a grocery store, an incident that led to the most infamous lynching in us history.  a family friend of bryant, who now goes by the name carolyn bryant donham, told the mail on sunday that the 87-year-old is in such poor health that he believes justice will never be served with the warrant.  mr anderson said: ‘the family protects her from hearing news about the case. she probably doesn’t know about the 1955 warrant being found. i think she would be a nervous wreck.’  donham would later testify that till grabbed her hand and said: ‘how about a date, baby?’ and, as she pulled away, put his hands on her waist and told her: ‘you needn’t be afraid of me, baby. i been with white girls before.’  the newly uncovered arrest warrant was found inside a box at a courthouse in mississippi’s leflore county last week by a group that included till family members.  donham evaded arrest in 1955 because she ‘could not be located’, according to court records.  

byron allen now owns 24 stations in 20 markets, expanding his entertainment empire

the media mogul who is the founder, chairman, and ceo of allen media group purchased his 24th tv station this week.   allen and gray television have come to an agreement for allen to purchase abc affiliate wjrt in flint, michigan for $70 million in an all-cash deal, per a joint press release. over the past year-and-a-half, we’ve invested close to $1 billion to acquire best-in-class, top-tier, broadcast network affiliates and we plan to invest approximately ten billion dollars to acquire more abc, cbs, nbc, and fox television stations over the next two years with the goal of being the largest broadcast television group in america. all of our media assets will work in concert to amplify our free-streaming service, local now.”  “i’d love to own cnn,” allen said. “but i have to buy at&t to do that. and i will. believe me, i think about it every day.”

florida doctor arrested for role in assassination of haiti president 

several suspects arrested on suspicion of taking part in the assassination of haiti's president last week were previously us informants, it has emerged. one suspect, a haitian-american man, had been an informant to the u.s. drug enforcement administration, a dea official said on monday. the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, declined to name the informant, but he was identified as joseph gertand vincent, 55, by the miami herald . other former informants worked the fbi, cnn reported. the agency refused to comment on the allegation, but said it uses 'lawful sources to collect intelligence' in its investigations. it comes as an associate of the alleged mastermind of the plot, us-haitian christian emmanuel sanon, claimed the mission was supposed to 'save haiti from hell, with support from the u.s. government'.  

the pennsylvania supreme court vacated bill cosby's prosution and conviction

phylicia rashad who played claire huxtable, the wife of cosby's character cliff huxtable, on all eight seasons of the emmy award-winning sitcom from 1984 to 1992 - took to twitter on wednesday to praise the pennsylvania supreme court's decision to vacate his prosution and conviction.  'finally!!!! a terrible wrong is being righted- a miscarriage of justice is corrected!' she declared.  but hours later the 73-year-old actress returned to the platform to add 'i fully support survivors of sexual assault coming forward. my post was in no way intended to be insensitive to their truth,' 

supreme court has ruled about half of oklahoma belongs to native americans

the us supreme court justices decided 5-4 that an eastern chunk of the state, including its second-biggest city, tulsa, should be recognised as part of a reservation. the decision in mcgirt (seminole nation) v oklahoma means some tribe members found guilty in state courts for offences committed on the land at issue can now challenge their convictions. only federal prosecutors will have the power to criminally prosecute native americans accused of crimes in the area. tribe members who live within the boundaries may also be exempt from state taxes, according to reuters news agency.  some 1.8 million people - of whom about 15% are native american - live on the land, which spans three million acres.  justice neil gorsuch wrote the opinion.  the us government said at the time that the new land would belong to the tribes in perpetuity.  justice gorsuch wrote: "today we are asked whether the land these treaties promised remains an indian reservation for purposes of federal criminal law.  because congress has not said otherwise, we hold the government to its word."  in a joint statement, the five tribes of oklahoma - cherokee, chickasaw, choctaw and seminole and muscogee nation - welcomed the ruling. they pledged to work with federal and state authorities to agree shared jurisdiction over the land.  

dave chappelle asked netflix to remove the chappelle show

the debate over artists' rights has been reignited by dave chappelle, who recently asked netflix to remove his old comedy series, chappelle's show, from their platform. netflix obliged and chappelle's show fans will no longer be able to stream the iconic sketch series - which originally ran on comedy central.  people think i made a lot of money from chappelle's show,' he said in the clip. 'when i left that show, i never got paid. they didn't have to pay me because i signed the contract. but is that right?' 

the mmr vaccine may protect some people against severe covid-19

scientists from the university of georgia say the shot, which protects against measles, mumps and rubella, may also prevent people from catching the coronavirus.  they found a 29 per cent lower chance of severe covid-19 among those who had the mmr vac as a child.  in the study, people with the highest levels of antibodies specific to mumps were 'immune' from covid-19, the researchers claim.  the participants had lived in close proximity to people sick with covid-19 but never tested positive themselves, the researchers found.  the findings may explain why children only seem to get mild illness, if any at all, when they catch the coronavirus. 

maryland approves $580m to settle hbcu discrimination suit

the maryland senate voted unanimously to approve $580 million to settle a 14-year-old lawsuit brought against the state by its four hbcus.  the lawsuit was filed in 2006 according to the washington post after the schools accused maryland’s government essentially of desegregation by allowing academic programs at state-supported white universities to undermine similar programs at historically black colleges and universities. morgan state university, coppin state university, bowie state university, the university of maryland and eastern shore were some of the schools impacted. the lawsuit will be paid out over 10 years. it states that maryland’s action negatively impacted the viability of these programs at hbcus, according to the baltimore sun.

former first lady obama wins a grammy for becoming

michelle obama wins for best spoken word album at grammy awards for the audiobook of her memoir 'becoming'.  the 56-year-old former first lady joined the ranks of  lizzo, alicia keys and beyonce on sunday at the 62nd annual grammy awards in los angeles. 

former nba legend kobe bryant has merchandise removed after passing away

nike suspends the sale of kobe bryant merchandise on its online store 'to stop resellers from profiting on the nba legend's death' 

italy declares it will mourn kobe bryant for a whole week to pay tribute to the tragic basketball star who lived there from aged six to 13. the italian basketball federation has now announced the country will mourn for a full seven days to pay tribute to kobe bryant, 41. 

nba superstar lebron james said he was "heartbroken and devastated" over the death of kobe bryant while vowing in an instagram post to continue bryant's legacy with the la lakers. 

kobe bryant amassed a fortune of more than $800million before he died in a tragic helicopter crash, after investing his astronomical nba salaries into tech, media and sports drinks. 

over 1.5million people have signed an online petition for the nba logo to feature the late kobe bryant rather than his mentor jerry west.  

kobe bryant will be inducted into the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame, bypassing the normal election process following the helicopter crash that claimed his and his daughter's lives, as well as seven others, in california on sunday.

writting icon toni morrison passed away

acclaimed author and nobel laureate toni morrison, best known for her pulitzer prize-winning novel beloved, dies aged 88.  toni morrison passed away on monday night at montefiore medical center in new york. her family said the 88-year-old passed away peacefully 'following a short illness'.

new report on indigenous canadian genocide

thousands of murdered and missing indigenous women have fallen victim to a decades-long canadian genocide, a major report has said.  indigenous women faced a high level of violence through 'state actions and inactions rooted in colonialism and colonial ideologies', the national inquiry into murdered and missing indigenous women and girls found.  the $92million report, titled reclaiming power and place, was created over two and a half years and looked into the causes of violence towards indigenous women and girls. it was officially released today at a closing ceremony at the canadian museum of history in gatineau, quebec, which saw prime minister justin trudeau wipe away a tear. native women represent four per cent of canada's population but accounted for up to 16-24 per cent of homicide victims during the period, according to the report.

california bans hair discrimination

california bans discrimination against afros and dreadlocks, making it illegal to stop people wearing the styles in schools and offices.  the law is primarily aimed at protecting the rights of black americans who favor the distinctive cuts, and was passed unanimously by both state chambers.

music/film mogul ice cube submits $10 billion bid for fox sports   

cbs sports and big3 agree to exclusive television deal.  found us a new home. @thebig3 is going to be live on @cbs every weekend, all summer long!  ice cube is alleging that cable companies are trying to prevent his bid to buy 21 cable television stations.  cube has put together a solid group of investors to buy the sports channels, which are being sold by disney for $10 billion, but he says that two companies, who are also bidding for the channels, are playing dirty.

ll cool j win his lawsuit "rock the bells"

hip hop legend, actor and author ll cool j is celebrating a major victory, after winning his “rock the bells” lawsuit against guerilla union, inc.  in november 2018, ll sued the concert promotor for using the name “rock the bells,” as the title for their annual music festival between the years 2004-2013, according to billboard.  as it stands, the promotion company must immediately transfer all control of social media accounts, website domains, and other intellectual property rights to ll. the injunction also prohibits them from using “rock the bells” ever again.  

number of women over 40 having children increases again as official figures show the amount of older mothers has doubled since 1997

almost 29,000 women over the age of 40 had children in 2017 – up from around 14,000 20 years ago. the number of women has risen more sharply than the rate per population. 

beyoncé’s lucrative ivy park athletic brand partners with adidas 

beyoncé’s lucrative ivy park athletic brand will now fall under the umbrella of adidas along with the superstar developing new attire with the athletic brand ranging from performance to lifestyle and include shoes and clothing. ivy park, which partnered with topshop, will undergo a relaunch and bey will stay at the forefront of the brand and maintain full ownership of the label.

new mexico is the latest state in the u.s. to decriminalize marijuana

under the new law, which goes into effect july 1, anyone caught with less than half an ounce of marijuana for the first time will be subject to a civil citation and a $50 fine. that offense is currently considered a misdemeanor and carries a possible 15 days in jail.  anyone found with larger amounts of marijuana is still subject to misdemeanor or felony charges and jail time, depending on the quantity in their possession. the new law also decriminalizes and reduces the civil penalty for possession of drug paraphernalia of any kind to $50 with a citation. according to the drug policy alliance, a national nonprofit that advocates for drug law reform, new mexico is the first state in the u.s. to decriminalize possession of drug paraphernalia.

oneunited bank launched a queen visa debit card 

the largest black-owned bank in america is paying respects to black queens all over the country. oneunited bank launched a queen visa debit card under its royalty campaign to recognize the women who exude #blackgirlmagic. oneunited bank introduced the queen card in march during women’s history month under the royalty #wearyourcrown campaign to raise awareness of  the #bankblack and #buyblack movement across the nation.  in february, the bank launched a black history month campaign with a king visa debit card under its royalty campaign as well. they find it important to celebrate “the new generation of kings and queens” in the country. 

us gov’t found guilty in conspiracy to assassinate dr. martin luther king, jr.

mlk was assasinated april 4, 1968. after four weeks of testimony and over 70 witnesses in a civil trial in memphis, tennessee, twelve jurors reached a swift unanimous verdict on december 8, 1999 that dr. king was assassinated as a result of a conspiracy, the ny times reported at the time. the king family, who filed the civil suit, was awarded $100. they donated the minuscule amount to charity.   the government that now honors dr. king with a national holiday also killed him. 

democrats increased midterm wins to 40 seats in congress

democrats increased there overall total votes in this years election to 8.9 million more than republicans.  it’s the largest total ever recorded. 

florida police chief framed black men and received 3 year sentence

florida police chief is jailed for three years for framing innocent black men for burglaries and vehicle crimes.  at a hearing tuesday, ex-biscayne park chief raimundo atesiano, 53, claimed that he felt pressured to boost crime statistics in the small village of about 3,000 residents.

facebook former executive says facebook discriminate aganist blacks

a black former facebook executive has accused the company of racial discrimination both within its silicon valley campus and on the social media platform in a scathing memo to colleagues just before his departure. mark s luckie claims a lack of representation and agency of black people within facebook's organization is directly affecting how black people are treated on the site.  luckie writes: 'facebook has a black people problem. one of the platform's most engaged demographics and an unmatched cultural trendsetter is having their community divided by the actions and inaction of the company. this loss is a direct reflection of the staffing and treatment of many of its black employees.'

shows with diverse casts are continuing to have mass crossover appeal

according to the latest nielsen study, the organization looked at several primetime shows, and several of them, including black-ish, how to get away with murder, fresh off the boat, quantico and this is us, had majority non-black audiences. for instance, westworld, featuring jeffrey wright, thandie newton and tessa thompson among a highly diverse cast, is at 85 percent non-black viewership. this is us, featuring sterling k. brown and susan kelechi watson, sits at 84 percent, while the anthony anderson and tracee ellis ross series black-ish is at 65 percent and the viola davis-led how to get away with murder is at 63 percent.

the black panther movie is now considered a part of black history

the smithsonian national museum of black history and culture, who has now acquired the coveted vibranium suit used in the movie.  the suit and several other artifacts from the movie have been added to the museum's collection including the costume, 24 high-resolution production stills, and a shooting script from black panther director ryan coogler.  the museum's statement touches on the fact that black panther is the first superhero of african descent featured in mainstream american comic books, and the film is the first major motion picture production of the character.

supreme court says police must obtain a warrant before using cellphones to track suspects

chief justice john roberts, joined by the us court's four liberals, wrote that 'an individual maintains a legitimate expectation of privacy in the record of his physical movements'.

winnie mandela passed away and had a state funeral in south africa

winnie madikizela-mandela, the hero of the anti-apartheid struggle in south africa will be honoured with a state funeral, president cyril ramaphosa has said.  madikizela-mandela, who died on monday aged 81, was one of the few remaining representatives of the generation of activists who led the fight against apartheid.  known as “the mother of the nation”, the ex-wife of the former south african president nelson mandela had a frequently negative image abroad that contrasted with a deep and long-lasting popularity within her homeland.

marvel's black panther is over $1 billion at the box office

on top of eclipsing $1 billion worldwide, disney and marvel's black panther has now achieved what no other film in the marvel cinematic universe has accomplished as it remained #1 at the weekend box office for its fourth straight weekend in a row since release.

former president and flotus obama offical portraits ae unveiled at smithsonian

former president obama and first lady michelle obama were joined by a who's who of their administration – and some hollywood types too – for the official unveiling of their portraits at the smithsonian national portrait gallery.  'that's pretty sharp,' the ex-president said as he and artist kehinde wiley pulled the cloth off obama's portrait, which showed the democrat in a tie-less get-up, seated, surrounded by a floral motif.   michelle obama's portrait, created by amy sherald, had been unveiled first, and the former president quickly applauded the artist for capturing the 'hotness of the woman that i love.'

sports illustrated has it's 3rd black swimsuit cover in the last 30 years

sports illustrated swimsuit revealed its hotly-anticipated cover, unveiling relative newcomer danielle harrington as the lucky model to land the honor of posing on the front of the issue.  danielle, 24, became only the third black woman to ever land the honor of posing on the cover of the annual issue, which launched in 1964.  however, she joins an impressive pair of women who also boast the accolade: beyonce appeared on the cover in 2007, while supermodel tyra banks was the cover star in both 1996 and 1997.

more evidence from nasa says there is another planet in our solar system

the research, from experts at the university of michigan, follows claims from nasa last week that imagining planet nine does not exist generates more problems than it solves. now scientists have found new evidence that 'planet nine' exists by building simulations of the solar system with different sizes of the celestial body. they found that the unusual orbits of distant rocks in our system can be explained by the presence of a ninth planet with the dimensions scientists have proposed. last week, nasa highlighted five lines of evidence pointing to the existence of the elusive world, and said that imagining planet nine does not exist generates more problems than it solves.

 illinois makes president obamas birthday a holiday

former president obama is being honored with a new state holiday in his former state of illinois.  illinois gov. bruce rauner (r) signed a measure to make aug. 4 “barack obama day” in the state, according to nbc chicago the holiday will be celebrated each year on obama’s birthday beginning in 2018.   senate bill 55 was passed by both state houses with no votes against it. 

faceapp has removed a feature which changed people's ethnicity in less than 24 hours

the app, which launched in early 2017, changes photos with filters to make users look older, younger or swap gender.  but its latest feature was criticised for being racist within minutes of going live.  it allowed people to change their faces to look more black, asian, indian or caucasian in photos.  faceapp was criticised in april for its "hot" filter which lightened skin tones.

jay z's 444 release is platinmum in less than a week

jay-z in less than a week reached the platinum level wednesday with his new album 4:44.  the 47-year-old rapper was presented with the platinum certification for selling one million units by recording industry association of america chairman. here are some lyrics from caught their eyes:  "i sat down with prince eye to eye, he told me his wishes before he died.  now londa mcmillan he must be color blind, they only see green from them purple eyes….. this guy had slave on his face, you think he want the masters with his masters.  you greedy bast@terds sold tickets to walk thru his house, i’m surprised you ain’t auction of the casket…"  - jay z.

us government top ethics official resigns 

the government's top ethics official who told trump with urgings to liquidate or separate himself from his financial empire is leaving his post months early to join a watchdog organization.  walter shaub, head of the office of government ethics, resigned his post thursday and announced that he is joining the campaign legal center.  'i can’t know what their intention is. i know that the effect is that there’s an appearance that the businesses are profiting from his occupying the presidency,' shaub told the network. 'and appearance matters as much as reality, so even aside from whether or not that’s actually happening, we need to send a message to the world that the united states is going to have the gold standard for an ethics program in government, which is what we’ve always had.'  democratic rep. elijah cummings of the house government reform committee used shaub's comment to call for a hearing on ethics issues, but the gop majority is under no obligation to follow his advice. 

soul prince’s most infamous stage outfits wasn’t quite as revealing as everyone thought

in 1991, the purple one performed his sexually charged hit “gett off” at the mtv video music awards clad in a yellow lace suit with a big surprise in the back: two oval-shaped cutouts in the trousers revealed prince’s bare butt cheeks, a fashion statement that earned him global headlines. minneapolis-based master fabric dyer marliss jensen revealed that prince was more modest than we thought. she personally custom dyed the suit, which included flesh-color panels that covered prince’s bottom. “i never met him,” jensen said, his ‘butt suit’ — did not show his butt. that was fabric,” she said, adding that she’s been amused fans and the media never figured it out. 

yale renames calhoun college over slavery

yale university is renaming a college that honours a former politician who was an advocate of slavery to recognise a female computer scientist instead.  calhoun college will be renamed to honour grace murray hopper, who helped transform the way people use technology.  hopper earned yale degrees in the 1930s and became a us navy rear admiral.  hopper then invented the first computer compiler, which helped computers understand simple commands.

the queen of soul is retiring

soul legend aretha franklin says she plans to retire from music to spend more time with her grandchildren. the 74-year-old said she would record one final album with stevie wonder before stepping out of the limelight.  more than 20 number one singles in the us. first woman inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame. won the grammy for best r&b vocal performance for eight consecutive years from 1968 to 1975

the obama foundation ask for your input

the obama foundation released a two-minute video in which the now-former first family asked for help in shaping their legacy in the form of the library.  we want to invite you to help us with just one of the projects we’re excited to work on,” the former president barack obama said, directing anyone with ideas to a new website called obama.org. send us your ideas, your hopes, your beliefs about what we can achieve together,” michelle obama said

jay z sells stake in his tidal music streaming service

the american rapper jay z is selling a stake in his tidal music streaming business to the telecoms company, sprint. jay z bought tidal three years ago. sprint, which is owned by japan's softbank, will pay an estimated $200m for a 33% stake in the company. the deal means that jay z, whose real name is shawn carter, will make a return on the initial $56m investment he made when he bought tidal from norway's aspiro in 2015.

pope francis warns against rise in populism

pope francis has warned against a rise in populism and the dangers of allowing political crises to usher in dictators like hitler. he made the comments as donald trump was being sworn-in as us president.  "i don't like to get ahead of myself nor judge people prematurely. we will see how he acts, what he does, and then i will have an opinion," he added. the pope condemned the use of walls and barbed-wire to keep foreigners out.

protests attract millions across us and world

millions of protesters have taken to the streets of cities in the us and around the globe to rally against the new us president donald trump. larger numbers of demonstrators than expected turned out for more than 600 rallies worldwide.  the aim was principally to highlight women's rights, which activists believe to be under threat from the new administration. huge crowds were also reported in new york, chicago, los angeles, seattle, boston and miami, some of the venues for about 300 nationwide protests.  organisers of a london rally said between 80,000 and 100,000 people had taken part there. belfast, cardiff, edinburgh, leeds, liverpool, manchester and bristol were among the other uk cities holding protests. anti-trump marches took place earlier in australia, new zealand and in several asian cities.  paris, sydney, melborne, barcelona, rome, amsterdam, geneva, budapest, prague and berlin 

protesters from canada, uk, 'turned away at us border'

a handful of protesters heading down to the massive women's rights rally in washington say they were turned away at the us border. a few also report being questioned before reluctantly being allowed into the us. hundreds of canadians travelled to the us to participate in the women's march on washington.  thousands more are taking part in companion rallies planned in cities across the country.

jp morgan chase accused of racial discrimination

a new york man convicted of harassing an autistic teen cross-country runner in october has been sentenced to three years’ probation and 80 hours of community service. according to the report, martin macdonald, who shoved 15-year-old chase coleman because he apparently thought the teen, who is black, was going to rob his wife, pleaded guilty in november to second-degree harassment and endangering the welfare of a child. the welfare charge is a misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in jail. the fateful october encounter started when chase was running a 5k for his high school, wearing a uniform and bib number. originally, witnesses reported that macdonald shoved chase to the ground while yelling, “get out of here!” 

the rochester man who assulted corcoran high runner gets probation

the records include ufo sightings and psychic experiments from the stargate programme, which has long been of interest to conspiracy theorists.  the full archive is made up of almost 800,000 files. they had previously only been accessible at the national archives in maryland. the papers includes the papers of henry kissinger, who served as secretary of state under presidents richard nixon and gerald ford, as well as several hundred thousand pages of intelligence analysis and science research and development.

cia releases 13m pages of declassified documents online

the records include ufo sightings and psychic experiments from the stargate programme, which has long been of interest to conspiracy theorists.  the full archive is made up of almost 800,000 files. they had previously only been accessible at the national archives in maryland. the papers includes the papers of henry kissinger, who served as secretary of state under presidents richard nixon and gerald ford, as well as several hundred thousand pages of intelligence analysis and science research and development.

hometown hero and corcoran high alum jeanette epps is going to space

jeanette epps will be the first african-american astronaut to come aboard the international space station. nasa announced that jeanette epps is going to be the first black american astronaut to stay aboard the international space station as a crew member. only 12 women have called the international space station home since 1998.  epps, who originates from syracuse, new york, will become a flight engineer on expedition 56 in may 2018.  according to nasa epps will also remain on board for expedition 57. 

pop star janet jackson gives birth to a boy

entertainment superstar janet jackson has given birth to her first child, a baby boy, her publicist has confirmed. a statement said the musician and her qatari businessman husband, wissam al mana, were "thrilled" to welcome the infant, eissa al mana.  "janet had a stress-free healthy delivery and is resting comfortably," the publicist added. jackson is a seven-time grammy award winner and released her first album, janet jackson, in 1982

run-dmc in $50m trademark battle

a member of pioneering rap group run-dmc has filed a $50m lawsuit accusing retailers of unlawfully using the group's name on items of clothing.  darryl "dmc" mcdaniels said that products sold by amazon, walmart and other stores violated federal trademark and new york competition laws. mcdaniels, who owns a firm named run-dmc brand, made the allegations in a complaint filed in the us district court in manhattan. mcdaniels said the brand was "extremely valuable" and had been legitimately licensed to various manufacturers including sportswear firm adidas.

japanese prime minister lays wreaths at hawaii cemeteries and offers pearl harbor condolences

prime minister shinzo abe's visit with president barack obama is powerful proof that the former enemies have transcended the recriminatory impulses that weighed down relations after the war, japan's government has said. although japanese leaders have visited pearl harbor before, abe will be the first to visit the memorial constructed on the hallowed waters above the sunken uss arizona. more than 2,300 americans died on dec. 7, 1941, when more than 300 japanese fighter planes and bombers attacked. more than 1,000 others were wounded. in the ensuing years, the u.s. incarcerated roughly 120,000 japanese-americans in internment camps before dropping atomic bombs in 1945 that killed some 140,000 people in hiroshima and 70,000 in nagasaki.

actor ricky harris passes away at 54

the death of actor and comedian ricky harris has been confirmed by friends and family on social media. harris died after suffering a heart attack. he was 54. harris grew to fame after appearing in movies such as heat, dope and television shows like “csi: miami” and most recently “the people v. o.j. simpson: american crime story.” he was also a contributor on some of the hottest rap records. harris was well known for voicing popular characters in albums by snoop dogg and tha dogg pound.  ice cube’s “turn off the radio” track from amerikkka’s most wanted and the book “check the technique vol 2.”

beyonce's lemonade is critics' top album of 2016

beyonce's visual album lemonade is the music critics' favourite album of the year. the record, which tackles themes of black empowerment and female identity, topped a "poll of polls" compiled by the bbc. beyonce's sister solange also fared well. a seat at the table, her soulful, thoughtful portrayal of the struggles faced by black women, both historically and in 2016, came fifth. kanye west, a tribe called quest(we got it from here) and rihanna(anti) also made the list.

president obama bans oil drilling 'permanently' in artic

us president barack obama has permanently banned offshore oil and gas drilling in the "vast majority" of us-owned northern waters. the president designated areas in the arctic and atlantic oceans as "indefinitely off limits" to future leasing. the move is widely seen as an attempt to protect the region before mr obama leaves office in january.  canada also committed to a similar measure in its own arctic waters, in a joint announcement with washington.

hip hop icon tupac has been inducted into the rock and hall of fame

 the rock & roll hall also said it would give a special award to nile rodgers, whose disco-era band chic failed again to make the cut after its 11th time nominated.the hall's 32nd annual induction ceremony will take place on april 7 at barclays center in brooklyn. hbo will show highlights later, with siriusxm doing a radio broadcast. shakur a former member of digital underground can be heard on songs like no nose job, same song and humpy dance.  he is famous for his own classics like california love, so many tears, trapped,  i get around and dear mamma just to name a few. 

us capital punishment fall to 40-year low in 2016

fewer death sentences were handed down in the us this year than at any time in the last four decades, a study finds.  only 30 such penalties were imposed in 2016, the lowest since the us supreme court reinstated capital punishment in 1976 after a four-year hiatus.  five states, georgia, texas, alabama, florida and missouri, carried out 20 executions.  it continues a 20-year downward trend in us capital punishment, says the death penalty information center.  the new dpic report showed that not only have executions slowed or even halted in the vast majority of states, but juries and judges are sentencing fewer people to death. 

2017 essence festival lineup announced 

essence announced the initial lineup for the 2017 essence festival concert series in new orleans, including headlines diana ross and mary j. blige. over 40 acts will take place over the 3-day festival, with five stages booked for the many performances. the confirmed performers include the following: diana ross, mary j blige, chaka khan, doug e fresh, erykah badu, india.arie, jazmine sullivan, john legend, june’s diary, lalah hathaway, lizzo, master p, michel’le, moses sumney, ro james, shaggy, sir the baptist, solange, teyana taylor, the jones girls feat. shirley jones, trombone shorty & orleans avenue, tweet and yuna.  the festival, which is the 23rd annual event, will take place june 30-july 2, 2016 in new orleans, louisiana. tickets go on sale friday, dec. 16 at 10 a.m. ct.

one billion'users in august 2013 affected by yahoo hack

yahoo has said more than one billion user accounts may have been affected in a hacking attack dating back to 2013. the internet giant said it appeared separate from a 2014 breach disclosed in september, when yahoo revealed 500 million accounts had been accessed. yahoo said names, phone numbers, passwords and email addresses were stolen, but not bank and payment data. 

beyonce, who launched ‘sleigh all day’ holiday gear, leads grammy nominations

superstar beyonce is the leader of the 2017 grammys with nine nominations, including bids for album of the year with “lemonade,” and song and record of the year with “formation.” the singer, who already has 20 grammys, is also the first artist to earn nominations in the pop, rock, r&b and rap categories in the same year. beyonce’s nine nominations include best rock performance (“don’t hurt yourself” with jack white), pop solo performance (“hold up”), rap/sung performance (“freedom” with kendrick lamar) and urban contemporary album (“lemonade”). with 62 nominations over the years, beyonce is the most-nominated women in grammy history.

premature death risk reduced by eating nuts

researchers have found that eating a handful of nuts each day can reduce a person’s risk of premature death from a variety of causes by more than 20 percent.

u.s. employers post fewer jobs, but openings stay healthy

unemployment rate 4.6. it's the lowest level since 2007.  u.s. employers posted fewer jobs in october than the previous month, but job openings remained at a healthy, suggesting steady hiring will extend into next year.

the first lady joined president barack obama for their final kennedy center honors gala on sunday night.

the kennedy center honors is known to be one of the president's favorite events, and guests celebrated actor al pacino, gospel singer and civil rights activist mavis staples, members of rock band the eagles, singer-songwriter james taylor, and pianist martha argerich.  but it was the president who got a prolonged standing ovation. awards host stephen colbert later said: 'for the past eight years, the white house has given us a leader who's passionate, intelligent and dignified.'  when the audience delivered yet another round of applause, the president rose and waved to the crowd, prompting colbert to say: 'sir, i don't even know why you stood up. i was talking about michelle.'

ledgendary pathologist, biochemist and herbalist dr sebi has passed away

international healer alfredo darrington bowman also known as dr. sebi passed away aug 6th.  the founder of the usha village, was 82 years of age and is survived by his daughter saama bowman and 16 additional children according to sources. dr. sebi was the eldest of a family of 22 children! dr. sebi surmounted many challenges to arise as the personal doctor of greats such as michael jackson, left eye lopez, and eddie murphy’s mother lillian murphy just to name a few.

he came to the u.s. from honduras and is on a mission to heal humanity. as it happens, he has been curing some of the most deadly diseases on the planet for almost 30 years. aids, cancer, diabetes, lupus and epilepsy are just a few of the ailments he has completely reversed. in fact, he is so committed to his work that he took on the attorney general of new york in a supreme court trial — and won. he came to the u.s. from honduras and is on a mission to heal humanity. as it happens, he has been curing some of the most deadly diseases on the planet for almost 30 years. aids, cancer, diabetes, lupus and epilepsy are just a few of the ailments he has completely reversed. in fact, he is so committed to his work that he took on the attorney general of new york in a supreme court trial — and won.  the judge presiding over the case requested that dr. sebi provide one witness for each disease he claimed to have cured. when he instead furnished 70 witnesses to support his argument — showing without a doubt that he did in truth heal all the diseases listed in the ad — the judge declared the doctor not guilty on all counts.

 prince's family announce plans for an official tribute concert in october

(music pharoh) prince's family said the concert will be held on october 13 at the u.s. bank stadium. performers will soon be announced on a rolling basis. tickets will go on sale next month. 'we are excited for the opportunity to bring everyone together for the official family celebration of prince's life, music and legacy, and there is no better place to do it than his hometown of minneapolis,' the statement read. 'we are honored by the artists who will pay tribute and grateful to those that have worked so hard to make this celebration possible.'

president obama's presidential library will be built in jackson park

president barack obama's presidential library will be built in a park on chicago's south side along the shores of lake michigan and a short walk from the university where obama once taught. the barack obama foundation decided to build the library at jackson park near the university of chicago, according to a person briefed on the selection. the university has said the library and presidential center are expected to attract hundreds of thousands of visitors annually, bringing jobs and millions of dollars to the area. michelle obama once worked as an administrator at the university of chicago medical center, and the obamas still maintain a house near the private university's campus. 

nba takes 2017 all-star game away from north carolina 

after weeks of mulling the idea, the national basketball association officially took february's all-star game away from charlotte, north carolina, over a controversial new law that lgbt advocates say is discriminatory.  "the 2017 all-star game will be played somewhere other than charlotte next february," the nba said in a report thursday. "[it will be] relocated in keeping with the nba's stance on a controversial state law it believes discriminates against members of the lgbt community." in may, the u.s. department of justice ordered north carolina to scrap the law, in accordance with a federal directive for states to allow transgender public workers and students the choice to use whichever bathroom they wish.

first lady michelle obama steals the show in dnc speech at philadelphia

 michelle obama electrified the democratic national convention heralding the greatness of the nation in a very personal way, noting that because of its progress she can "wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves ... and watch my daughters, two beautiful, intelligent, black young women playing with their dogs on the white house lawn."

supreme court upholds u of texas' affirmative action policy

the u.s. supreme court upheld a university of texas policy that allows race to be used as a factor for admissions, a measure likened to affirmative action.  the court voted 4-3 in favor of upholding a court of appeals decision in the case fisher v. university of texas at austin.  the state's "top 10 percent plan" allows high-ranking texas high school graduates automatic admission to a public university in the state. the plan was designed to bolster minority representation in public high learning institutions.  fisher finished 82 out of 674 in her class, taking her out of the running for automatic admission. in addition to the plan, the school reviews some applications based on factors besides grades, including achievements and accolades. fisher said a less-qualified minority student edged her out of that spot.  

musical pharoh prince recieves show long tribute at bet awards

soul prince got tributes from the likes of janella monae, the roots, erykah badu, bilal and maxwell throughout the awards.  his former fiancee sheila e. closed the show by performing the purple medley - which included his hits earthquake, erotic city, u got the look, let’s work, baby i'm a star and america the beautiful. she also performed her prince-written song the glamorous life. prince's ex-wife mayte garcia, jerome benton from the time and many other prince's music family performed with sheila. 

bet awards evolved from a celebration of black performers to a stirring call to action from actor and activist jesse williams. on june 26th of 2015, american police killed their 564th person. on the night of jessie williams bet speach, police killed six people in connecticut, michigan, nebraska, illinois, florida, and georgia, american police have now killed an astounding 566 people this year.  american police kill more people on a random sunday in june than police in many countries kill in an entire year.

president obama drops the mic at his last correspondents dinner "obama out,"

president barack obama didn't hold back during his final white house correspondents' dinner as he, ripping into hillary clinton, donald trump, the gop and many of the journalists at the gala in washington. "hillary trying to appeal to young voters is a little bit like your relative who just signed up for facebook. 'dear america, did you get my poke? is it appearing on your wall? i'm not sure i'm using this right. love, aunt hillary,'" he said, pretending to impersonate clinton. after calling presidential candidate bernie sanders the bright new face of the democratic party, obama contrasted the slogan "feel the bern" with one he said was rival hillary clinton's: "trudge up the hill." "if this material works well, i'm going to use it at goldman sachs next year," obama said. "earn me some serious tubmans."

barbie is set to launch a new doll made in the likeness of ballerina misty copeland.

announced this week, the collaboration was described as a way to "continue to show girls they can be anything." copeland is famous for becoming the first african-american female principal dancer with the american ballet theatre in 2015.  "i always dreamed of becoming an abt ballerina and through barbie i was able to play out those dreams early on," copeland said in a statement about her partnership with the iconic doll brand. "it's an honor to be able to inspire the next generation of kids with my very own barbie doll."  the doll is available online starting at $29.95 and will begin rolling out soon to store shelves nationwide. 

the rasist actor john wayne does not have his day in cali

plans to declare 26 may as john wayne day in california have been rejected over racist comments the actor made when he was alive. the oscar-winner made his name playing tough cowboys and heroic soldiers in films including the alamo, true grit and the green berets. the john wayne day row comes a week after it was announced the face of former us president and slave owner andrew jackson would be removed from the front of the us $20 bill and be replaced by freed slave and anti-slavery activist harriet tubman. 

the governors of new york and california approved measures that will eventually boost minimum wage in those states to $15 per hour 

new york's minimum wage will gradually increase over the next decade, due to the new measures, which also include 12 weeks of paid family leave -- the longest and most comprehensive leave plan in the nation.  california gov. jerry brown also signed legislation to boost his state's minimum wage to similar levels in the coming decade.  this is about economic justice, it's about people," brown said, adding that california is the first state in the nation to commit to a $15 minimum hourly wage.

navy loosens its tattoo rules for sailors

navy loosens its tattoo rules so sailors can have more art on their necks, arms and legs. master chief petty officer of the navy mike stevens said the navy had to update its rules on tattoos because the bans were making it difficult to recruit young people, who often have body art. 

jamaica plan to drop the queen of england as head of state

in 2012, the former prime minister portia simpson miller said she would sever colonial-era links by abandoning the queen and adopting a republican form of government.  the queen has received an unpleasant birthday surprise from jamaica – a plan to drop her as head of state. the queen, who turns 90 on thursday, retained the ceremonial role after jamaica gained independence from britain in 1962. she is head of state in 15 commonwealth countries, including australia, new zealand and canada.  however, barbados plans to drop the queen as head of state later this year, ahead of its 50th anniversary of independence from british rule.

a top aide to president richard nixon said the "war on drugs" was created to punish anti-war protesters and african-americans'

john ehrlichman, nixon's domestic policy chief, made the admission in a 1994 interview, recently revisited for baum's piece on the war on drugs in harper's. ehrlichman told him the two groups were seen as nixon's biggest enemies. we knew we couldn't make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. we could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news," ehrlichman said.  did we know we were lying about the drugs? of course we did," he said.  ehrlichman was part of the watergate coverup and served 18 months in prison for conspiracy and perjury.

ford will electrify 40% of it's nameplate vehicles

ford motor co. has announced it will invest $4.5 billion us in electrified vehicles in the next five years with plans to add 13 new electric vehicles by 2020.  it has pledged that 40 per cent of its nameplates will come in electrified versions by then, in response to "global trends calling for cleaner, more efficient vehicles."  next year it will release the new focus electric which it projects will have a 160-kilometre range. it will have a fast-charge function that will deliver an 80 per cent charge in 30 minutes, answering one of the limitations of electric cars, which is the long time needed to recharge them.

tuberculosis passes hiv as leading global cause of death

tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus, or hiv, as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years, according to a report from the world health organization.  incidence of tuberculosis, a bacterial infection that affects the lungs, has fallen 1.5 percent per year since 2000 because of global efforts to wipe out the disease, which has saved about 43 million people.  tuberculosis killed about 1.5 million people globally in 2014 -- 890,000 men, 480,000 women, and 140,000 children -- and now ranks alongside hiv one of the leading causes of death in the world. in 2014, hiv killed 1.2 million people, including 400,000 who also had tuberculosis.

library of congress to legalize jailbreaking

the library of congress issued new rules allowing customers to legally customize their digital devices beyond manufacturer's limits. the practice is called jailbreaking and has been restricted in the past by manufacturers on the grounds of copyright protection.  the new rules will allow smartphones, tablets, wi-fi hotspots, wearable devices, smart tvs and automobile software to be legally altered. jailbreaking video game consoles, e-readers, laptops, desktop computers and handheld gaming devices is still prohibited based on the 2012 library of congress finding that "console jailbreaking is closely tied to video game piracy." the legislation takes the form of exemptions to the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca"), allowing people who "engage in non-infringing uses of certain classes of such works" to jailbreak them.

pres obama praises wife michelle's curves as he sits down with prima ballerina misty copeland for interview about body image and growing up black in america. 

the president and ballerina interviewed each other for time magazine. obama praised copeland for being a role model to his young daughters as she breaks barriers with her athletic body type.  they have a shared history of multiracial families, being raised by single mothers and making it to the top position of their respective fields. copeland, the first african american to be named the principal dancer at the american ballet theater, has been breaking barriers in the ballet world with her athletic body type.  obama also said it was also her ambition that made copeland, who is a part of his fitness, sports and nutrition council, someone for his daughters to look up to.

the cuban flag is raised in washington for the first time in 54 years

cuba's blue, red and white-starred flag was hoisted monday at the country's embassy in washington in a symbolic move signaling the start of a new post-cold war era in u.s.-cuba relations. cuban foreign minister bruno rodriguez presided over the flag-raising ceremony hours after full diplomatic relations with the united states were restored at the stroke of midnight, when an agreement to resume normal ties on july 20 took effect. earlier, without ceremony, the cuban flag was hung in the lobby of the state department alongside those of other countries with which the u.s. has diplomatic ties. u.s. and cuban diplomats in washington and havana had also noted the upgrade in social media posts.

a jay z (sean carter) funded app, set to become the uber for planes

the company has just raised $20 million to expand its service. etsmart, an app built by 27-year-old entrepreneur sergey petrossev, claims to let anyone book a flight on a private jet in a matter of seconds.  high profile investors included jay z and the saudi royal family. the amount they have invested remains undisclosed.  the company has three different products; jetdeals, jetshuttle and jetcharter. jetdeals involves booking a one-way private flight on demand, while jetshuttle anyone to get a seat on a pre-scheduled private flight.  jetcharter, meanwhile, lets customers pick out private, customers travel packages that can be completely customised by route and aircraft.  members pay $9,000 to get access to wholesale rates on charters, free jetdeals and a free seat on jetshuttle flights. 

judge approves $60million settlement for college athletes whose identities were used in video games

the class-action suit was filed against the ncaa, the collegiate licensing company and video game company electronic arts on behalf of thousands of men's college football and basketball players.  judge wilken had approved the settlement, paving the way for more than 20,000 claims to be paid out. berman said the maximum an individual can claim from the settlement is $7,026 and that the payments could start in september.  there were 111,174 football players and 21,309 basketball players used in ea video games from 2003 to 2014, according to cbs sports.  judge wilken also ruled against the ncaa in the o'bannon case, which challenges the ncaa's use of the names, images and likenesses of college athletes. 

california prohibits the use of racial mascots

california gov. jerry brown signed a bill on sunday prohibiting all public schools in the golden state from having "racially derogatory" mascots and team names, namely "redskins," from jan. 1, 2017.

time warner cable lose robo call case

time warner cable must pay an insurance claims specialist $229,500 for placing 153 automated calls meant for someone else to her cellphone in less than a year, even after she told the company to stop.

cuba offers us its breakthrough lung cancer vaccine

cuba introduced cimavax for free to its people in 2011 -- now a new york hospital is working to develop its own version of the therapeutic vaccine.  one of the benefits of the u.s. decision to begin to normalize relations with cuba could be the introduction of new breakthrough medicines for americans. cuba made impressive advancements in the field of preventative medicine during the five decade rift with the us. specifically, researchers in the caribbean nation have developed a therapeutic vaccine that extends the life of patients suffering from lung cancer--america's most deadly cancer.  the drug cimavax has been available to cuban citizens since 2011.

it's so cheap, in fact, that it costs the cuban government just $1 per shot and is free to cuban patients.

the tsa has agreed to stop searching african american women hair

tsa, the nation’s transportation security administration, has agreed to stop searching through the hair of african american women who wear all natural hairstyles. the agency said, “tsa has reached an informal agreement with the aclu to enhance officer training. racial profiling is not tolerated by tsa. not only is racial profiling prohibited under dhs and agency policy, but it is also an ineffective security tactic.”   the agreement, announced back in march 2015, also promises to keep a record of complaints from black women to “assess whether a discriminatory impact may be occurring” at specific airports across the country.  recently, in response to the complaints, tsa has launched an internal disability and multicultural division, which is responsible for ensuring that their security screening policies, procedures, and practices comply with all applicable civil liberties and civil rights laws.

the city of los angeles raise minimum wage

the los angeles city council has voted to raise the minimum wage in the city to $15 an hour by 2020, making it the largest city in the nation to do so. 

pope francis: vatican reaches first treaty and formally recognizes the state of palestine 

pope francis praised palestinian president mahmoud abbas as an "angel of peace" during a meeting saturday at the vatican that underscored the holy see's warm relations with the palestinians as it prepares to canonize two 19th century nuns from the region. francis made the compliment during the traditional exchange of gifts at the end of an official audience in the apostolic palace. he presented abbas with a medallion and explained that it represented the "angel of peace destroying the bad spirit of war."

selma: filmmaker and director ava duvernay is now a doll

filmmaker and director ava duvernay is a doll. barbie revealed that the company is honoring 6 "sheroes" - women heroes who inspire girls "by breaking boundaries and expanding possibilities for women everywhere," as the press release states. these women are being honored by barbie at the variety power of women luncheon in new york city with a one-of-a-kind doll created in their likeness - each made to encourage girls to dream and imagine themselves as everything from a mermaid to a movie star, a fairy to a filmmaker, and a princess to a president. 

 2,600 suspects have been refused entry to baltimore jail because they were too badly hurt

shocking three-year of figures reveal that correctional officers at the baltimore city detention center refused to admit nearly 2,600 detainees who were in police custody between june 2012 and april 2015. suspects are constitutionally guaranteed health care before they are booked into jail.  on friday, the justice department announced that it is conducting a civil-rights investigation of baltimore police. the records obtained by the sun showed that 123 of the detainees who weren't admitted to jail had visible head injuries, the third-most common ailment cited by jail officials.  others had broken bones, facial trauma and high blood pressure.

lawsuit thrown out in houston

patti labelle's entourage wins lawsuit filed by ex-west point cadet who accused them of beating him up in unprovoked attack.  the legendary diva had been dropped from the suit over the 2011 houston altercation but her son and bodyguard were named in the suit filed by ex-west point cadet richard king. 

naacp forms partnership with dunkin' brands to increase black-owned franchises

dunkin' brands and the naacp will collaborate to offer people of color in-depth franchising education and training as well as assistance in overcoming the financial challenges related to becoming a franchise owner. the partnership was announced at the naacp's 105th annual convention in las vegas.

health insurers will send out about $330 million in rebates 

u.s. health insurers will send out about $330 million in rebates to employers and individuals this summer under president barack obama's healthcare law, the u.s. department of health and human services said.  the law, often called obamacare, requires insurance companies to refund customers when they spend less than 80 percent or 85 percent of healthcare premiums they collect for medical care.  the rebates will go to about 6.8 million people and have a value of about $80 per family. they are to be sent by aug. 1 either directly to consumers or to the employer providing the health coverage, who is required to pass the savings onto employees.

ncaa agrees to settle head injury lawsuit

the ncaa agreed to settle a class-action head-injury lawsuit by creating a $70 million fund to diagnose thousands of current and former college athletes to determine if they suffered brain trauma playing football, hockey, soccer and other contact sports. college sports' governing body also agreed to implement a single return-to-play policy spelling out how all teams must treat players who received head blows.

benefit programs recieves good news

medicare and social security still face long-term financial problems as millions of baby boomers reach retirement. the medicare program is getting relief from a slowdown in health care spending thanks to obamacare (aca), medicare's giant hospital trust fund won't be exhausted until 2030, the government said. that's four years later than last year's estimate. social security still has several trillion dollars in surplus.

pres obama appoints more diversity to the courts

a white house aide said president obama has appointed more female judges than any other president, breaking the record previously set by president bill clinton. he has also appointed more hispanic judges than any other president, breaking the record previously held by president george w. bush. obama has also appointed more asian-american judges than all presidents combined and has nominated 12 openly gay federal judges. last month, the senate confirmed the first-ever native american female federal judge in the nation's history.

oj simpson took credit for "if i did it" for the money

o.j. simpson's former manager claimed that simpson did not in fact write the controversial book "if i did it," which explores how simpson would have hypothetically carried out the murders of nicole brown simpson and ron goldman if he had actually committed the crime.  simpson's longtime associate norman pardo claimed simpson only agreed to claim authorship of "if i did it" for a $600,000 payout. pardo said to huffingtonpost:  i remember when that book was coming out. o.j. called me. he said, 'here's the deal,' because it was in the news that he was going to do an interview. i said, 'o.j., don't do it, it's stupid.' he said, 'hey, they offered me $600,000 not to dispute that i [wrote] the book.' he said, 'that's cash.' i said, 'they're going to think you wrote it.' he said, 'so? everybody thinks i'm a murderer anyway. they're not going to change their mind just because of a book.'

syracuse and buffalo - nations most affordable city.

buffalo, new york state's 'queen city', claims the top spot on a national scale, as the most affordable city in america, according to forbes, which used data that included income, housing prices and everyday expenses to put together a top 21.  new york city and honolulu were found to be the most overpriced cities in the country.  after buffalo, rounding out the top five were memphis, cincinnati, dayton and knoxville.  the northeast offers a few highly affordable cities — including the number one winner, buffalo, n.y. and number 20 syracuse.

a former leader of the black panthers has been released from prison 

marshall 'eddie' conway, 67, was freed from the prison. the decision came after state prosecutors agreed to change his life sentence to time served and probation.  conway is one of dozens of inmates who have been released after maryland's court of appeals ruled in 2012 that judges had given improper instructions to juries before 1980.  conway received support from the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp) and local officials. while in prison, conway founded the friend of a friend mentoring program put in place in a number of maryland prisons to help mentor inmates.  morgan state university even opened the eddie conway liberation institute last year for students to learn about policy debate while he was still incarcerated.

nba star lebron james to star in space jam 2

nba superstar lebron james will step into michael jordan's shoes, when he makes the leap to the big screen to star in... space jam 2.  the first movie grossed over $230 million worldwide.   he'll be starring with kevin hart in a comedy feature film titled ballers, ballers will follow a man (hart) who really wants to be known as something other than the brother of an nba superstar (james), and gets his chance to prove himself when he and some friends attend a fantasy basketball camp in miami. naturally, hijinx and hilarity ensue.

mobile app lets you open your front door using your phone

the app, called kwikset kevo, securely stores electronic versions of keys for multiple locks on a smartphone or tablet. when a user approaches a saved location, such as an office or a house, the phone can wirelessly unlock the door using bluetooth meaning users only have to touch a lock to open a door and don't even need to remove the device from their pocket. kwikset kevo works in a similar way to the august lock announced in the u.s earlier this year. once installed the homeowner activates their device. the august lock can then be managed using a mobile app and online. 

smithsonian wants trayvon martin's hoodie for permanent exhibition on race 

the smithsonian's national museum of african american history director wants the hoodie travyon martin, 17, wore when he was fatally shot by self-appointed neighborhood watchman george zimmerman on february 26 last year. 'it became the symbolic way to talk the trayvon martin case. it’s rare that you get one artifact that really becomes the symbol,' said director lonnie bunch. 'because it’s such a symbol, it would allow you to talk about race in the age of obama.

court ruled friutvale station officer can be sued 

a federal appeals court in california said that the father of oscar grant can sue the bay area rapid transit officer responsible for the 22-year-old’s 2009 shooting death on an oakland, ca, train platform during a fight. the lawsuit was made possible when the court struck down a claim by former officer johannes mehserle that he was acting in his official capacity, granting him police immunity.  mr. mehserle was convicted in 2010 on involuntary manslaughter and served 11 months.

african american buying power expected to be over 1.1 trillion dollars

the nielsen company, a global information and research firm, projects black spending power will reach $1.1 trillion by 2015. some companies struggle to tap the real power of black consumers. the lack of understanding cultural nuances of african-americans, asian-americans and latino americans results in a general market advertising approach pearson-mcneil explains. “the african-american community isn’t a monolithic group.”  

cornell university has the largest hip hop collection in the world

one of the most important vinyl record collections in the history of hip-hop will be on display to the public when archivists sort, organize and even play music from the crates of dj afrika bambaataa – the godfather of hip-hop culture and an instrumental figure. the universal zulu nation and cornell university library are organizing the records for the afrika bambaataa master of records vinyl archive, which will permanently live at cornell university’s hip hop collection in fall 2013.

janet jackson has officially become a billionaire

according to variety. janet reportedly made $458million from various concert tours, a further $304million from movie roles - including the eddie murphy comedy the nutty professor ii and tyler perry's box office hit, for colored girls - as well as $268million in album sales and $81million in endorsement and sponsorship deals.  while janet's late brother, king of pop michael jackson, also amassed a vast fortune over the course of his career - he never achieved billionaire status. janet now joins an elite club of celebrity billionaires including talk show queen oprah winfrey, legendary film director steven spielberg and harry potter author j.k. rowling.

music mogul andre young aka dr. dre has created an institute at usc

hip-hop mogul dr. dre, whose real name is andre young, and chairman of interscope geffen a&m have donated a combined $70 million to create a new institute at the university of southern california.  the huge gift from the two who have been music business partners in the past will be used to create the jimmy iovine and andre young academy for arts, technology and the business of innovation.  the academy will provide a special four-year program for undergraduates whose interests span several fields from marketing to computer science to visual design and other arts. it will include one-on-one faculty mentoring with professors from programs around the university and interaction with entertainment industry luminaries.

eeoc warns companies not to discriminate after background checks

employers in the u.s. may soon have to hire more workers with criminal backgrounds under new equality guidelines issued by the federal government.the equal employment opportunity commission’s guidelines warn companies against rejecting minority applicants who have committed a felony or other offense, recommending that those companies eliminate policies which ‘exclude people from employment based on a criminal record.

us illegal immigration lowest in more that 10 years

new census data affirm a clear and sustained drop in illegal immigration, ending more than a decade of increases. the number of illegal immigrants in the u.s. dropped to an estimated 11.1 million last year from a peak of 12 million in 2007, part of an overall waning of hispanic immigration. for the first time since 1910, hispanic immigration last year was topped by immigrants from asia

u.s. makes 27 billion dollar a profit from aig 

the u.s. treasury further reduced its stake in american international group and said that the united states has a profit of $15.1 billion from bailing out the insurer.  combined, the sales reduce the treasury's stake in aig to 15.9 percent from 53.4 percent.  the government once held a nearly 80 percent stake in the company.

most americans want to save socical security 

most americans say go ahead and raise taxes if it will save social security benefits for future generations. and raise the retirement age, if you have to. (currently socical security has a 2.7 trillion dollar surplus) both options are preferable to cutting monthly benefits, even for people who are years away from applying for them. when given a choice on how to fix future problems with social security, 53 percent of adults said they would rather raise taxes than cut benefits for future generations, according to the poll. just 36 percent said they would cut benefits instead.  the results were similar when people were asked whether they would rather raise the retirement age or cut monthly payments for future generations - 53 percent said they would raise the retirement age, while 35 percent said they would cut monthly payments.

award winning columnist saundra smokes passed away in 2012

national and local columnist/writer/radio host saundra smokes passed away. she recently hosted her radio show on power 62 in syracuse.  champion, fearless fighter, journalist, friend. said the host of the gk show. "she was unequivocal in her quest for truth and justice. she spoke her mind, especially around issues of race. she took considerable flack for that in her home town, but as a courageous woman she never stopped writing and telling the truth as she saw it."

african americans are more charitable

black people are far more inclined to give back to the community compared with their white counterparts, according to new research by the w.k. kellogg foundation (wkkf). the report, "cultures of giving: energizing and expanding philanthropy by and for communities of colors," shows a growing trend for communities of color to give at increasing rates and levels. african-americans, for instance, give away 25 percent more of their income per year than whites and 63 percent of latino households now make charitable donations. people of color are also growing in size and their assets are increasing as well.

canada rejecting proposal that would bring fox-style news to canada 

canada regulators announced they would reject efforts by canada's right wing prime minister, stephen harper, to repeal a law that forbids lying on broadcast news. canada's radio act requires that "a licenser may not broadcast....any false or misleading news." the provision has kept fox news and right wing talk radio out of canada and helped make canada a model for liberal democracy and freedom.

new york city settles sean bell case for $7.15m

four years after sean bell was killed in hail of 50 bullets on the eve of his wedding, the city of new york has agreed to pay $7.15 million to settle a wrongful death lawsuit filed by his family, reports the new york times. bell's two daughters jada, 7, and jordyn, 4, will receive $3.25 million. his friend joseph guzman will receive $3 million, and trent benefield will get $900,000. his fiancee, nicole paultre bell, who has worked tirelessly on the case, will not receive a share of the money because they were not married.

china surpasses us as world's top energy consumer

china has overtaken the united states as the world's largest energy consumer, the international energy agency said. china immediately questioned the calculation. the paris-based agency said china's 2009 consumption of energy sources ranging from oil and coal wind and solar power was equal to 2.265 billion tons of oil, compared to 2.169 billion tons for the u.s.

tupac's music chosen for libray of congress

rapper tupac shakur's song dear mama, bill cosby's second comedy album and (soul folk in action) the staple singers (1968) are among 25 recordings the u.s. library of congress is preserving for their cultural significance. tupac's dear mama was a heartfelt homage to mothers struggling with addiction and poverty. it's also a "relatively tame" recording, and the cultural impact of hip-hop is undeniable, program co-ordinator steve leggett said. tupac is the third rapper inducted, following grandmaster flash and public enemy.

wge: jackson's estate reportedly earns $1 billion in past year

in the year since michael jackson died, his estate has pulled in more than $1 billion, mainly on the strength of a new record deal with sony and a hugely successful concert film. $429 million has flowed into his estate in the of music sales. about 9 million albums were bought in the u.s., while the jackson 5 and the jacksons have sold about 800,000 units, according to nielsen soundscan.

census: multiracial u.s. becoming even more diverse

the minority population in the united states is steadily rising and makes up 35% of the total, advancing an unmistakable trend that could render them the new american majority by midcentury. u.s. minorities make up 49% of the children born in the u.s., up one percentage point from 2008. based on current rates, data from the 2010 census could show a new “tipping point” in which babies born to minorities outnumber those of babies born to whites.

wge micheal jackson's hometown donates land for museum

in 2003, the worlds greatest entertainer micheal jackson visited his hometown gary, indiana to discuss building a museum and cultural centre, but no progress was made before his passing. gary's mayor rudy clay officially announced plans for a $300 million us museum and arts centre in his honour. "this project will be the magnet that will draw people from all over the world," said mayor clay.

court rules out some life sentences for juveniles

the supreme court has ruled that teenagers may not be locked up for life without chance of parole if they haven't killed anyone. by a 5-4 vote, the court says the constitution requires that young people serving life sentences must at least be considered for release.

obama signs student loan overhaul legislation

president obama signed into law the final piece of the health care puzzle, which mandates sweeping changes in the way the nation provides health care and makes the federal government the primary distributor of student loans. "that's two major victories in one week that will improve the lives of our people for generations to come," obama said. to highlight the education reforms in the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, obama signed it at the northern virginia community college in alexandria, va., and focused on the largely overshadowed student loan reforms. 

alcohol use lower among blacks

african americans have lower drinking rates than other racial groups, according to a new survey from the substance abuse and mental health services administration. it found that blacks ages 18 and older use alcohol at a rate of 44.3% compared with the national average of 55.2% moreover, blacks ages 18 to 25 are much less likely than other young adults to engage in binge drinking -- 25.3% compared with 41.6% in the general population.

number of cell phones worldwide hits 4.6b

the number of mobile phone subscriptions worldwide has reached 4.6 billion and is expected to increase to five billion this year, the u.n. telecommunications agency said monday. the number of mobile broadband subscriptions worldwide is expected to exceed one billion this year, the agency said. there were around 600 million such subscriptions at the end of 2009, it added. 

potus personalizes oval office

the decorative china plates are long gone. historic metal gadgets and native american pottery now stand in their stead. resting on a bookshelf is a framed program from the 1963 march on washington, where martin luther king jr. delivered his famous "i have a dream" speech. president barack obama gradually has made the oval office his own. the table behind obama's desk is full of family photos - a wedding picture, shots of his girls as toddlers, a picture from the day he announced for president and more - photos that he says remind him "why i'm doing what i'm doing."

acorn didn't commit voter fraud or misuse federal funding

the association of community organizations for reform now (acorn) did not commit voter fraud, and it didn't misuse federal funding in the last five years, according to a recently released report prepared by the congressional research service (crs), a nonpartisan investigational arm of congress. among its findings, crs also reported that recently enacted federal legislation to prohibit funding to acorn raises significant constitutional concerns. this report came on the heels of another report that also cleared acorn of wrongdoing. that outside report indicated acorn doesn't show a pattern of intentional and illegal behavior in undercover videos that conservatives shot of acorn staffers.

court sets limits on police use of tasers

a federal appeals court issued one of the most comprehensive rulings yet limiting police use of tasers against low-level offenders who seem to pose little threat and may be mentally ill. some lawyers called it a landmark decision.

22 million bush white house e-mail's found

computer technicians have found 22 million missing white house e-mails from the administration of president george w. bush and the obama administration is searching for dozens more days' worth of potentially lost e-mail from the bush years, according to two groups that filed suit over the failure by the bush white house to install an electronic record keeping system. the two private organizations say there is not yet a final count on the extent of missing white house e-mail and there may never be a complete tally.

pew study: african-americans more likely to use twitter than any other segment

according to a just released study from the pew internet and american life project, african-americans are more likely than any racial or gender group to use twitter or another status update service. pew found that 26% of african americans online use twitter or other service.

fbi delves into dmv photos in search for fugitives 

in its search for fugitives, the fbi has begun using facial-recognition technology on millions of motorists, comparing driver's license photos with pictures of convicts. "everybody's participating, essentially, in a virtual lineup by getting a driver's license," said christopher calabrese, an attorney who focuses on privacy issues at the american civil liberties union.

fidel castro praises obama on climate change 

the former cuban leader on called the american president's speech at the united nations "brave" and said no other american head of state would have had the courage to make similar remarks. in a speech at the united nations on tuesday, obama acknowledged that the united states had been slow to act on climate change, but said washington was now prepared to be a full partner as the world confronts the threat.

gm says new volt to get 230 mpg in city driving 

general motors corp. said its chevrolet volt rechargeable electric car should get 230 miles per gallon of gasoline in city driving, more than four times the mileage of the current champion, the toyota prius. the volt is powered by an electric motor and a battery pack with a 40-mile range. after that, a small internal combustion engine kicks in to generate electricity for a total range of 300 miles.

wge michael j jackson 1958-2008

born michael joseph jackson in gary, ind., in 1958, "the king of pop" was the fifth of nine children of joe and katherine jackson. both parents instilled a love of music early in their children's lives: katherine taught them folk music while joe, a budding guitarist, managed them and molded their musical work ethic. michael was only 4-years-old when he started singing with his older brothers jackie, tito, jermaine and marlon and formed the original jackson 5. jackson is survived by his three children, prince michael i, paris and prince michael ii

prince george's co. board votes to name school after president obama

the prince george's county school board has voted to name an upper marlboro elementary school after president barack obama.the board voted unanimously on the name for the school just miles from the white house. barack obama elementary school, which is expected to be completed later this year, would be the first school in the washington region to be named after the president, but not the first in the nation. a long island, n.y., school was renamed shortly after obama was elected in november.

obama popular vote margin in 2008 largest ever for non-incumbent: site 538

president-elect obama has received at least 68,724,397 popular votes for the presidency. it's "at least" because they're still counting in california and several other states, and so obama's total should wind up comfortably over 69 million. this total represents 22.62 percent of the population. the victory margin from november 4th now stands at 9,124,522 votes.

obama's rise forces brazil to look at racial divide 

barack obama's rise to power in the united states has exposed cracks in brazil's self-image as a racially integrated society. with almost half the population considered black, brazilians often boast that their country is a more harmonious melting pot than the united states. but analysts say that is only because blacks in brazil have never posed a threat to the dominance of the white elite in politics and business. brazil was the last country in the americas to abolish slavery in 1888 and is home to the largest black population outside of africa. 

secret service code names for the first family of the us

the new first family has been issued code names by the secret service. barack obama's is "renegade," michelle obama's is "renaissance," malia obama's is "radiance," and sasha obama's is "rosebud." joe and jill biden also received code names, though it's tough to top "renegade" and "renaissance." joe biden's is "celtic," and jill biden's is "capri." 

former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan

almost three years after stepping down as chairman of the federal reserve, a humbled, 82 yr old, alan greenspan admitted that he had put too much faith in the self-correcting power of free markets and had failed to anticipate the self-destructive power of wanton mortgage lending. “those of us who have looked to the self-interest of lending institutions to protect shareholders’ equity, myself included, are in a state of shocked disbelief,” he told the house committee on oversight and government reform.
 