



	welcome to enterolab - enterolab.com












































            the pioneers in accuracy for gluten and food sensitivity testing...since 2000
        
















home





buy dr. fine’s oro-intestinalfitness products





practitioner login / enterolab pro





order a test-existing client





order a test-first time





test pricing & information





which test to order





what happens after tests are ordered





view order statusview results





faq gluten/food sensitivity





faq result interpretation





testimonials





research & education





dr. fine's curriculum vitae





meet our professional staff





refund policy




















                                
                                still serving the us and now the world from our headquarters in zug, switzerland
                                address of analytical lab and where to send specimens:
                                enterolab 
                                c/o medhel hellas  
                                30 km athens - lavrio 
                                190 03 markopoulo (mesogeia) 
                                athens greece
                                us phone: 1-972-686-6869
                            







welcome to enterolab's classic website
            


"click here" to view our new website





about enterolab
                        


thank you for the honor of serving you, the public, directly for 25 years on this website. 
                            our european transition is now complete. specimens are now being sent by dhl to our new
                            european address, see it on the left, below the links list. please email us at enterolab@proton.me  for 
                            any questions. we look forward to bringing new and expanded services to you in the new year. 
                            thank you for your support!

                        





brochure



















please call us at 1-972-686-6869 for recommendations on what tests to order and/or how to make the most cost-effective decisions combining tests and panels.




                            enterolab
                            is a registered and fully accredited* clinical laboratory specializing in the analysis
                            of intestinal specimens for food sensitivities (reactions by the immune system to
                            common proteins in the diet) that cause a variety of symptoms and diseases. one
                            particular area of our focus relates to intestinal conditions caused by immune reactivity
                            to a protein called gluten which is found in wheat, barley, rye, and oats. recent
                            research in our laboratory indicates that immune sensitivity to gluten is exceedingly
                            common, present in 30-40% of all americans. although these reactions can cause malnutrition,
                            growth failure in children, osteoporosis, many autoimmune diseases (including colitis,
                            diabetes, arthritis, and many others), most of the affected individuals are unaware
                            they have it because there have been no sensitive tests capable of diagnosis. similar
                            sensitivity to yeast in the diet has been linked to the development of an inflammatory
                            intestinal disease called crohn's disease.
                            

enterolab has developed a unique screening test for gluten sensitivity, as
                            well as for many other antigenic food sensitivities, that is more sensitive and
                            specific than tests in current use (u.s. and international patents issued). our
                            method utilizes stool rather than blood as the testing substrate; the rationale
                            of using stool rather than blood for testing for food sensitivity is that immunologic
                            reactions to proteins in the diet that cause these reactions are centered within
                            the intestinal tract and not in the blood. we believe that our new tests can improve
                            the health of millions of people worldwide. for more on the rationale and superiority
                            of our method over pre-existing tests, please read an essay about this on this website
                            click
                                here for essay 



enterolab is registered with the u.s. government's department of health and
                            human services department as part of the clinical laboratory improvement amendments
                            (clia). this agency oversees clinical laboratory standards and quality. we have
                            also opted for (at our own expense) third-party accreditation from cola, a non-profit
                            national laboratory accreditation organization. enterolab passed this accreditation inspection in 2001 and re-accreditation in 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2014, 2016 and 2018 with
                            the highest standards. cola accreditation is given only to laboratories that apply
                            rigid standards of quality in day-to-day operations and pass a rigorous on-site
                            laboratory survey. cola is approved by the federal government and sponsored by the
                            american medical association, the american college of physicians-american society
                            of internal medicine, the american academy of family physicians, and the american
                            osteopathic association. top



advantages of enterolab testing
                        




analyses performed and result interpretations by an m.d. of 36 years, ensuring test precision and accuracy
more sensitive than blood and saliva tests, or biopsies
no need to reintroduce gluten into the diet if already gluten-free
accuracy proven in children and adults
simple non-invasive collection methods
no needles for any tests
performed from the privacy of your home
no doctors order or prescription necessary
results/personalized interpretation provided to you securely on our website
costs of tests often reimbursed by insurance top




privacy and confidentiality
                        




                            all results and information collected from you by enterolab is used only for the
                            purpose of clinical testing and serving your health needs. data generated by enterolab
                            is only for our internal use. for the purpose of gene testing, our gene testing
                            partner, the american red cross, is provided with your name, birthdate, and date
                            of sample collection only for the purpose of completing your requested gene testing.
                            

                            we have never and will never release any of your personal information or test results
                            to any outside parties (including insurance companies, marketing firms, other businesses,
                            employers, family members, or doctors) unless you direct us to do so. all information
                            is kept highly secure and in the strictest of confidence. your privacy and confidentiality
                            are upheld in the highest regard.
                            

                            (please note: the states of new york and maryland do not allow their residents to
                            purchase medical testing directly from a clinical laboratory.) top



our mission
                        


enterolab was conceived because of the public health implications of the scientific
                            discoveries of kenneth fine, m.d., a professor, intestinal researcher, and publisher
                            of scientific journal articles for over 18 years. dr. fine is determined to bring
                            the benefits of this research to those who need it most: people suffering ill-health
                            effects, particularly intestinal illnesses, as the result of gluten sensitivity,
                            microscopic colitis, yeast sensitivity, and the other causes of intestinal disease
                            and dysfunction. by utilizing the power of the internet and the public's free access
                            to it, the long delay associated with dissemination of new information through the
                            medical ranks to patients (usually 10-15 years) can be bypassed. people can benefit
                            today!
                            

                            the mission of enterolab is to improve the intestinal and overall health of men
                            and women through expert diagnostic testing and analysis of intestinal specimens.
                            top


















home 
                log in / order test view order
                    status meet our team
faq gluten/food sensitivity
faq result interpretation
testimonials
pricing and information
                about tests which
                    test to order what
                        happens after tests are ordered 
                            dr. fine's curriculum vitae
research and education




            the information contained in this website is based on scientific facts and medical
            research. it is provided as a free public service.
        








            â©copyright 2000 -
            2025
            enterolab. all rights reserved
        









