





s a r a i - media, information, the contemporary
 






























































 toggle navigation




 
about 

sarai programme
contact


research 

themes
ongoing projects
projects 2012-2018
projects 2001-2012


resources 

reflections
publications
sarai readers
bioscope
announcements


events
archive 

search the archive






media, information, the contemporary 




						themes						




























						events						







sarai x listening academy | public sessions | 9th-15th december

the delhi chapter of the listening academy is anchored to the prompt of listening as writing, sonic fictioning, and rhetorical action – thinking relations between sound, voice, writing and language, and the ways in which the entanglements of these with mediatic landscapes contribute to forms of meaning-making. while writing is mostly understood as an act…






call for participation | the listening academy delhi

the listening academy delhi organised and facilitated by brandon labelle, budhaditya chattopadhyay and suvani suri in collaboration with sarai-csds concept in her publication resonant alterities, literary and cultural theorist sylvia mieszkowski explores the literary articulations of aural phenomena and processes of hearing, which have been transported by (written) words. through a study of specific fictional…






call for proposals: researching the digital: digital methods for qualitative research

proposals are invited for a collaborative one day masterclass, ‘researching the digital: digital methods for qualitative research‘ organised by university of naples and csds, delhi.








			
			more events		




						features						







call for internships | sarai programme summer interns 2025

we are looking for summer interns to work with our material and/or document events. over the years,  sarai has built a rich archive of field notes, government reports, images, films and video footage, audio collections, film and trade periodicals, posters, comics and newspaper clippings through various initiatives, projects and fellowship programmes, such as publics and practices…






bioscope volume 15 issue 1, june 2024

we’re happy to announce the publication of bioscope vol. 15. no. 1. this issue of bioscope features essays, interviews, and translations that focus on phantasmatic remediations of celebrities and media platforms, language and music. ishani dey explores an intriguing relay between cinema and tiktok.  she presents two case studies to illustrate the ways in which cell…






bioscope volume 14 issue 1, june 2023

we’re happy to announce the publication of bioscope vol. 14. no. 1. the contributions to bioscope 14.1 place indian cinema in the field of moral, reformist and democratic ideals, suggesting an enduring hold of a notion of the political on film journalism, spectatorship and star phenomenon. ambili anna markose’s article charts the exceptional career of k.j.…








			
			more features		


 



aboutsarai programme
contact
internships
researchthemes
ongoing projects
projects: 2012-2018
project: 2001-2012
resourcespublications
sarai readers
bioscope
announcements
archive




 



 









cc-by-sa 4.0 sarai programme 2023 | credits
















search




























