






dachshund pups – well bred dachshunds




























skip to content



dachshund pups
well bred dachshunds








welcome to hidden cedars akc mini dachshunds 

akc breeder of the year 2018
   sport hound field events
dachshund club of america recognizes the number one top producing dachshunds for 2023 and hidden cedars was recognized in box sexes..
dc hidden cedars button it up ms rom, gene tied for first place as the 2023 top producing stud dog in the us.

hidden cedars love on the line msb rom favor tied for first place as the 2023 top producing bitch in the us.

very proud 
breeder of smooth dachshunds akc conformation show prospects, incredible lifetime pets and field trial prospects.
dachshund puppies         adults available 
expected litters    
champion males offered at stud


akc field trial judge for dachshunds #71240 
member of mission city dachshund club of san antonio
                 member of bayou dachshund club of new orleans
                 member of national mini dachshund club of america
member of dachshund club of america
number 30th dual champion… duals rule!
30 dc hidden cedars secret n gage ment ms, tryst finished with a second placement in kirbyville and also voices.  fun handsome sweet boy.  will be anxious to see how he produces as well. 
29. dc hidden cedars tattle tail ms, snitch went first out of nineteen to finish with two first placements and voiced.. snitch was a blast to show in both venues.. 
 number 72 conformation champions
72. ch hidden cedars favorite from the first msb, bertha finished under shelia paske at the sooner dachshund specialty with a 4 point major.  fun fun girl to show.  she loves it all…now onto the field ..
71.  ch hidden cedars fortune favors the bold ms, tracker finishes in humble with his last point under jon titus steele with bv .  tracker is a totally sweet handsome fellow and now to the field.
70 /27 dc hidden cedars look who tattled ms, snicker went w/bw/boh under sydney marx in kenner, la for her last major and finished her dc title.  lori isaacson had all the fun finishing her fc title.  snicker is a sweetheart and so fun to show.  whelping box may be in her future!!
number 71 hidden cedars field champion
71. fc hidden cedars secret n the making ms, dharma owned by brenda zook is now a finished field champion. thank you brenda and dharma for great times. 
70. abs fc hidden cedars holds all the secrets, brazen was handled to her first, best open and absolute by bill dyer in roscoe, illinois. wow loved it team bill and brazen.
69. fc hidden cedars firestarter mw, torchy under the expert handling of lori isaacson torchy started and finished her adventure in field trials in three days.. she was 2/19, 1/18 & 2/18… wow impressive ladies and so much fun. thank you lori.
 
 
we do sell our really nice show prospects to established show homes as well.
champions from hidden cedars 
thirty dual champions 
seventy two conformation champions to date
seventy field trial champions to date
 puppies available from hidden cedars    
young adults      
expected litters
studs available from hidden cedars 
 






contact us 
glatour@dachshundpups.com

936-661-6101

we live in huntsville, texas.



search for:


search

 



dachshund pups
proudly powered by wordpress










