






hotels in solvang ca | royal copenhagen inn | solvang, california hotel
































  









book your stay

book your stay


  (805) 688-5561 accessibility skip navigation 1579 mission dr.solvang, ca 93463









toggle navigation








home

rooms & amenities

rooms
amenities
pet friendly hotel


rooms
amenities
specials
covid 19 maintenance
ada accessible website

reservations

online reservations
specials
group reservations
cancellations


directions
photos

solvang

activities
airport
attractions
attractions2
casinos
dining
downtown
events
golf
government
hospitals
shopping
wineries


contact



















welcome to royal copenhagen inn downtown solvang



free wifi, free parking, putting green, dog walk, bbq, outdoor games, pet friendly hotel



take a refreshing dip in outdoor heated pool



meeting and reception room 10 to 80 people and different setup available.



flat screen tv, extended channels, decorated in danish style, hair dryer, ac, fridge, coffee maker



family lofts with bedroom upstairs and pull out couch down below with table and sitting area.







  



skip

welcome to royal copenhagen in downtown solvang
the royal copenhagen inn is located in the heart of solvang, surrounded by its finest shops, restaurants and bakeries. the royal copenhagen will have you believing you have traveled to denmark. the inn is built in the traditional style of a village, or neighborhood, with the outside of the buildings being exact duplicates of the buildings found on a street in copenhagen.escape into the old world grace and charm of the royal copenhagen inn, located downtown in the danish village of solvang. we are small enough to provide personal service and our professional staff will make you feel like royalty.our rooms are all decorated in the danish tradition and are more spacious than your typical hotel room. the rooms come with a large walk-in shower and each is different in its architecture. all rooms have cable tv, ac, coffee makers and refrigerators. for each day of your stay you receive complimentary fresh danish pastry and coffee each morning .banquet/conference room and group facilities for groups of 5 to 80, the royal copenhagen inn offers a variety of meeting room options. from conference style seating to theater arrangements, our detail oriented staff and meeting experts will work with you to make your meeting, special event, reunion or wedding a memorable one.a delightful garden patio and pool area adjoins the atterdag room. here you can take a lunch break, host a reception, or enjoy an intimate evening. we have an experienced group sales staff that can assist you in planning all your special events. for information on group rates, meeting facilities, food and beverage, weddings and other group related functions, please contact the hotel manager.



hotel features

                	located in the heart of solvang with pet friendly rooms $25/pet/nightfree wififree parking buses welcomefree danish continental breakfast(grab and go only)heated outdoor pool. closed till february 13,2025player area with golf putting, chess. ping pong.banquet and meeting facilities 10 to 80 peopleall rooms decorated in danish traditionflat screen tv with extended cable channelsair conditioning, desk or table, fridge, coffee maker, hair dryer2 story loft rooms with pull out couch with queen and fridge and microwavewe love pets with pet friendly rooms $25/pet/night

 

 

golf solvang 
 
 the royal copenhagen inn has partnered with the river course at the alisal so our guest can book tee times directly. 
 https://www.rivercourse.com/golf/tee-times  




activities : quick day trips to mid-week getaways to hiking and cycling, solvang, the only danish community and the most unique of california's central coast destinations, is the place to relax and enjoy the european ambience. regional and state parks invite travelers to hike and country roads beckon cyclists, or just sit down and enjoy the great wines from santa barbara county's wine country. 
airport : santa barbara municipal airport 500 james fowler rd, santa barbara, ca 93117 (805) 683-4011 
attractions : are you looking for a unique getaway? the historic danish village of solvang offers the best of the santa ynez valley and santa barbara wine country in a relaxed and peaceful setting. take a stroll in the village to spot danish icons including the little mermaid fountain, five windmills, the giant red clog & round tower. 
attractions : explore solvang with our 1-4 day suggested travel itineraries. breakfast at an authentic danish restaurant, wine and dine your way through the village. play golf, go fishing or take a nature cruise at lake cachuma, stroll the european-style streets around the village of solvang; hop aboard the historic horse-drawn solvang trolley, ride your bike on scenic country roads. 
casinos : only one destination blends gaming, beauty and adventure in santa barbara wine country. escape to the chumash casino resort for endless excitement and stunning scenery that create an exceptional experience. 
dining : enjoy an incredible variety of flavors and international cuisine offered in solvang's restaurants. solvang's restaurant scene will leave your tastebuds begging for more. step into the five authentic danish bakeries and more than 30 restaurants and cafes to sample a range of international and domestic cuisines including danish, wine-country, mexican, chinese, japanese and traditional american favorites. 
downtown : downtown host a variety of festivals and events. solvang julefest is one of the top 10 most "christmassy" towns in america! enjoy a variety of delightful lights and spirited events during its annual julefest (yule-fest) every december. 
golf : you'll enjoy the beautiful weather, the scenic rolling hills, stunning views of the santa ynez river valley and california live oaks in a beautiful natural environment. 
government : the city of solvang the danish capital of america 1644 oak street solvang , ca 93463 phone: 805-688-5575 fax: 805-686-2049 
hospitals :santa ynez valley cottage hospital 2050 viborg rd, solvang, ca 93463 (805) 688-6431th ank you for choosing cottage health (ch) for your healthcare needs. for over 125 years, our not-for-profit health system has been providing advanced medical care for patients throughout california. today, our nationally recognized services provide families with the patient-centered care they deserve. 
shopping : if you enjoy boutique shopping solvang offers more than 150 one-of-a-kind shops where you can find trendy styles and fantasic customer service. explore high-end boutiques, european imports and art galleries as you create wonderful memories and you enjoy your shopping experiences in the danish village of solvang. 
wineries : santa ynez valley wines, grape to glass in solvang, buellton, ballard, los alamos, los olivos and santa ynez. solvang wine tasting and touring is a memorable and definitely not-to-be-missed experience in santa barbara county wine country of solvang and the santa ynez valley. local grapes are planted, nurtured and crafted into award-winning wines that are sipped and savored worldwide. 




welcome to our great hotel in solvang california with affordable rates and cheap budget discount lodging. royal copenhagen inn welcomes you to our budget hotel in solvang california. royal copenhagen inn will provide you excellent customer service with great amenities in comparison to all hotels and motels in solvang california. please visit us on your next stay in solvang california and let us provide you with 4 star hospitality for 2 to 3 star budget rates. royal copenhagen inn has been providing lodging and accommodations in solvang california for several years and looks forward to providing our valued customer and business traveler with the best service in solvang california for hotels and motels in our local area. 
royal copenhagen inn solvang california ca hotels lodging accommodations budget affordable motels cheap vacation packages specials pet friendly weddings business travelers business meetings extended stay. royal copenhagen inn is one of the finest hotels and motels in solvang california


 






 
book your stay









book direct

book direct and save


reserve

midweek special

stay midweek and save 15% certain days available


reserve







 











royal copenhagen inn

(805) 688-5561
1579 mission dr.
solvang, ca 93463


 web accessible site

ada website compliance 
ada website text
accessibility



 


solvang
solvang convention center visitors hotels motels 
city of solvang ca. 
things to do solvang 
destination solvang california 
pcpa theater solvang ca. 
visit santa ynez valley ca. 
santa barbara in hotels motels





links

travel directory
home
rooms 
amenities 
 pet friendly hotel solvang ca
reservations online
specials 
group reservations 
cancellations 
directions royal copenhagen inn solvang california
photo gallery 
contact royal copenhagen inn solvang california ca 
privacy policy
ada website compliance 
ada website text 



 
designed by myeres.com and one stop pms.com





































this website does not use cookies.  google analytics & adwords may use cookies.  our booking-engine uses cookies to process your reservation.

          by continuing to use this website and our booking-engine, you consent to our 
          cookie/privacy policy and
          terms of service.
        











