





care professionals – for healthcare professionals involved in dementia care.






















skip to content



menu


close
 


 





 



 for healthcare professionals involved in dementia care.
 
 



 for healthcare professionals involved in dementia care.
 
 













search for:









 





menu
 





home
about 

dementia care professional of the year


training & education
education & resources 

afa care quarterly


about afa
contact us
 


 

search for:








home
about 

dementia care professional of the year


training & education
education & resources 

afa care quarterly


about afa
contact us
button 

dementia care professionals of america 








afa recognizes that as number of individuals living with alzheimer’s disease continues to grow, so too does the need for dementia-specific training of our nation’s healthcare professionals. achieving a nationwide culture of dementia care that is high-quality, empathetic, and person-centered demands that, as professionals, we continuously pursue opportunities to learn and grow.
dementia care professionals of america is a division of afa created specifically to educate healthcare professionals of all levels on best practices in dementia care. whether you’ve worked in dementia care for decades, are looking to make a career change, or are an emerging professional, dcpa training will help you to develop the expertise and skills needed to be the best dementia care partner you can be.
to date, afa has trained more than 13,000 individuals in best practices in dementia care. to learn more about afa’s professional training, click here.

 
are you a health care professional?
join us in 2017 for afa’s partners in care training focusing on:
gaining strategies and an increased knowledge of how to further excel as a health care professional working in dementia care.

certification as an afa dementia care partner available with this training.
6 ce contact hours available for social workers.


 

 
afa partner’s in care,
dcpa’s new training program is here!

6 ce contact hours from the national association of social workers and new york state education department’s state board for social work










search for:







personal injury lawyers worcester ma
mass spectrometry
premise liability lawyer
food processing equipment
monitor enclosures
fiber enclosure
westbury railing
dentist
industrial cleaning tulsa
web design springfield mo
private label food manufacturer
compactpci connector
chicken broth powder
jeld-wen windows and doors
storage units near me
lease purchase trucking
assisted living williamsburg va
barber shop tulsa ok
glucose tolerance test
low thc concentrates
residential cleaning services springfield mo
 




 


partners in care
in print, in blogs, on the web and reviewed!
print
the “afa partners in care: supporting individuals living with dementia” dvd is the newest training and certificate program from the alzheimer’s foundation of america.
“as dementia care moves further away from a “one size fits all” approach, it’s imperative that care providers know and understand how to develop relationships with each resident to provide person-centered care. the alzheimer’s foundation of america (afa) has released a new training video that highlights the importance of building those relationships.”
blogs

http://www.theberylinstitute.org/blogpost/947424/guest-blog?tag=dementia>
http://daanow.org/rethinking-dementia-care/
https://alzheimersspeaks.wordpress.com/2015/10/19/alzheimers-foundation-of-america-rolling-our-new-dementia-training-program/

alz speaks radio interview
https://www.spreaker.com/user/sbarnard4/alzspksradio-visits-with-the-alzheimer-s
 
 
 







