



	kimco realty























skip to main content
accessibility settings













properties & leasingfind available spacesignature seriesre/developmentspecialty leasingleasing programsacquisitions & dispositionspreferred equity & mezzanine financingtenantsoverviewtestimonialscurbside pick-upkimco advantagediscount programproperty contactsclick payform - maintenance requestform - report salesform - submit contact informationinvestors corporate profile stock informationfinancial reportinggovernancenews & eventspersonal investors & brokersadditional informationcorporate responsibilityoverviewcorporate responsibility goalsreportingpoliciestenants & communitiesrecognition & partnershipscareersabout usabout kimcoabout reitscontactsmanagementmedia relationsoffices




live chat


validation-av78tfk910dyuxl478a01221
kimco realty corporation








find an available space








search our portfolio of best-in-class properties











568high-quality shopping centers and mixed-use assets just around the corner



          kimco realty is the leading owner and operator of high-quality, open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use properties that are perfectly positioned in first-ring suburbs of the top msas across the u.s.  
view properties












tenants
you are more than a tenant. you are our partner, and we are invested in your success.

	      our best-in-class properties and dedicated associates ensure the finest experience for you and your customers.

learn more





















testimonials
hear what ourtenants have to say.
go to testimonials












experience the kimco advantage



        join a kimco property and enjoy the many benefits that come with leasing from an experienced, well-respected, and well-capitalized property owner. we’re not just your landlord – we are partners in your success.  
learn more












     explore the projects in our portfolio that demonstrate our vision for the future of retail through transformation, quality and value creation in core msas.  
learn more








investors
publicly traded on thenyse (kim) since 1991




	    included in the s&p 500 index, kimco realty has specialized in cultivating communities through shopping center ownership, management, acquisitions and value-enhancing redevelopment for more than 65 years.

learn more






kim: $21.8as of feb 14, 2025 4:00 pm et. minimum 20 minute delay.










corporateresponsibility kimco's commitment to environmental, social and governance (esg) issues is integrated across every department and every level of our organization, and we are a recognized industry leader in these areas. learn more about our initiatives, goals and progress.
learn more












kimco news
2/7/2025kimco realty® announces fourth quarter and full year 2024 results1/27/2025kimco realty corporation announces 2024 dividend tax treatment1/23/2025moody's ratings affirms kimco's baa1 senior unsecured rating, changes outlook to positive
view press releases





	 we encourage you to read our privacy policy (last updated on march 18, 2024) and terms of use (last updated on january 1, 2023) before using our website. we also use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites, to better understand how our website is used, and to help provide security. by clicking the "i agree" button you acknowledge that you have read these policies and consent to our terms of use for our website.


i agree







terms of useprivacy policytrademarkssite map
© 1999-2025 kimco realty corporation. all rights reserved.
server: be-01




for customer service, please call (833) 800-4343
























