







america's best bootfitters, period. | america’s best bootfitters
































toggle navigation







 


reviewsboot reviews
how we test
tester bios
partners

find a fitter
blog
resourcesboots 101
how-to articles

 
 






          america's best bootfitters, period.        





providing comprehensive ski boot reviews, world class training and the shops that can execute it all.  we are america's best bootfitters.

       




web's best boot reviews
          comprehensive on-snow testing
        



world class bootfitters
          customer-focused sales & service
        



unbiased boot testers
          thousands of invidual tests
        





everything you need to be a savvy ski boot buyer this season







boot test headquarters 2024-2025 mt. bachelor

      sep 19, 2024 - 09:46am by melling 





























we’ve been running our annual boot test at mt. bachelor for over 25-years for one simple reason—it has the best spring snow coverage and ongoing winter-temperature testing conditions anywhere in the usa, and in early- to mid-april we can count on full operating hours and access to real terrain, 360-degrees around the whole mountain. we’ve tried moving the test elsewhere in the rockies, the wasatch and even to the east coast and we invariably find ourselves coming back to mt. bachelor.






your search for the best boots of 2024-2025

      sep 19, 2024 - 09:56am by melling 














considering all your boot choices can seem a bit of a blur, but our advanced boot searching algorithm lets you narrow the field of options. start your search by selecting reviews/boot reviews from the menu above, then select your filter parameters and hit update results. happy hunting, and remember that this is just a start—finalize your search by trying on the boots that make your short list at an america's best bootfitters member shop! read on….






creating the world's best ski boot reviews

      sep 19, 2024 - 10:00am by melling 






















we start the boot test process in early winter by working with our brand partners to determine which boots will be tested in each of five categories: frontside, all-mountain traditional, all-mountain access, all-mountain freeride and backcountry. virtually every boot brand participates in our boot test as it remains the only one like it, worldwide. our test team is comprised of a core group of masterfit university instructors, mfu trained bootfitters and boot sellers who know boots inside and out.








top boot brands of the 2024-2025 boot test

      sep 19, 2024 - 03:51pm by melling 












while there are always surprises to be had at our boot test—certain new boots that delight our testers from brands they may be less familiar with, or brands that may surge forward with new boot designs or compelling features—there remains a regular group of brands that we seem to always end up with at the top of our test categories. while they may trade positions on the podium the same way formula 1 teams like red bull, ferrari, mclaren and mercedes do... 
which brands topped our test?






ski boot search 101: boot type, width & flex

      sep 19, 2024 - 03:48am by melling 







the first step in your ultimate boot search is to know thyself! how and where do you ski? are you groomer-centric or an off-piste munk junkie? are you a human-powered ascent machine or a burger-loving fan of the chairlift and apres cocktails? answers to these questions will guide you toward one of our five boot test categories: frontside, all-mountain traditional, all-mountain access, all-mountain freeride and backcountry. then your search can be fine-tuned by matching your foot shape to a boot's last width and flex index.






our sponsors rock! thank you!

      sep 21, 2024 - 02:47pm by melling 





























the annual boot test is a huge team effort, from our brand partners’ help in getting us the boots we test, to our fantastic sponsors who help set the stage for a high-performance, well-oiled week. red bull spect, flylow, le bent, blackstrap, level, pret and pistil designs provided pieces from their premier lines to make our job more clear, drier, warmer, more fun and definitely made us way cooler than we would’ve been without them! best of all, this was gear we all choose to use already—here’s to no learning curve and instant gratification!










here's some of the best of test







tecnica  mach boa hv 105 w

      america's best bootfitter review    


 

category 
all-mountain traditional 

last width 
  
                    103            

flex index 
  
                    105            

price (msrp) 
  
                    $750.00usd            





roxa r/fit 85 w

      america's best bootfitter review    


 

category 
all-mountain traditional 

last width 
  
                    102            

flex index 
  
                    85            

price (msrp) 
  
                    $525.00usd            





roxa element 120 ir

      america's best bootfitter review    


 

category 
all-mountain access 

last width 
  
                    99            

flex index 
  
                    120            

price (msrp) 
  
                    $800.00usd            









meet a few of our testers







pat sullivan

      tester bio    


 





charlie bradley

      tester bio    


 





michael kendrick powderly

      tester bio    


 









check out these top shops






  
 ski & bow rack   

  
 alpine hut  

  
 boulder orthotics  

  
 oc snowsports  



 






special thanks to all of our sponsors!



platinum





   

   



 





gold





   

   

   

   

   



   











 










 



contact us





 





