




























flight journal - aviation history | history of flight | aviation history articles, warbirds, bombers, trainers, pilots

































































































 












subscribe button subscribe






 exclusive contentlogin

 



military
civilian
news and stories

aviation stories
restoration and reproduction
personalities


aviation museum directory
customer service

report an issue
digital + print
digital edition
gift subscription
digital edition login
renew
customer service portal
faqs
help – contact us
free newsletter



 
























				a-26 bridge buster : april 2025			






				b 25s cut the german jugular : october 2024			






				satan's angel			






				the legend of maj. paul "pappy" gunn			






				their finest hour			






				butcher bird  hellcat & corsair: a test pilot recalls			






				stinson’s big-guy l-bird			






				stalin’s flying hammer			
















ultimate responsive image slider plugin powered by weblizar
 latest



 


saab 37 viggen – the bird of many feathers
sweden is an aeronautically unique country. after ww ii, the military realized that it needed better equipment to protect the nation, so beginning in 1946, the air force became one of the world’s largest operators of the most state-of-the-art fighter available, the p-51 mustang. however, while doting over what were probably the most pristine mustangs […] 




 


the tomahawk cruise missile:  subsonic long-range, all-weather weapon
named after the tomahawk, a one-handed axe used as a tool and a weapon by pre-contact native americans, the tomahawk is a long-range, all-weather, subsonic cruise missile. introduced by mcdonnell douglas in the 1970s, it was initially designed as a medium to long-range, low-altitude missile that could be launched from a surface platform. it has […] 




 


america’s few: marine aces of the south pacific
written by aviation historian bill yenne, “america’s few” is a new book from osprey publishing that delves into the history of u.s. marine corps aviation in world war ii, following the feats of the corps’ top-scoring aces in the skies over guadalcanal. marine corps aviation began in 1915, functioning as a self-contained expeditionary force. during […] 




 


second chances: breathing new life into a california bearcat
the southern california wing of the commemorative air force in camarillo, ca has recently begun a full overhaul of one of its most prized aircraft, the grumman f8f-2 bearcat. though bearcats are somewhat common warbirds in the world of aircraft restoration, caf socal’s airframe, buno 122674, has a truly unique history and has flown in […] 




 


early channel battles – spitfires fend off me 109s
of all the written accounts by the fighter pilots of the raf during 1941, two stand out, in my opinion. both were by pilots who flew spitfire mk vs with 610 squadron, which by summer 1941 was one of the squadrons under wing commander douglas bader. “circuses” were usually composed of six bombers, escorted by […] 




 


restoring a classic: a canadian staggerwing gets a new life
the classic beechcraft d17s staggerwing first appeared in 1937 and was a follow-on design for walter beech of the original fixed gear model 17 of the early 1930s. it was considered to be one of the finest and fastest aircraft of the time. it was expensive, with prices quoted between $14,000 and $17,000 u.s. depending […] 




 


“last man in…!” limited edition pilot signed print
on may 1st, 1982, nine sea harriers from 800 naval air squadron attacked the airfield at port stanley in the falklands. then a flight lieutenant, david morgan was the pilot of the last aircraft to attack and was forced to come in just above ground level to avoid the airfield defenses. despite being hit by […] 




 


new book: “aviation in the adirondacks”
since 1912, when a young man named george gray landed an open-cockpit biplane on a farmer’s field, aviation has played an important role in communities located throughout the 6 million-acre adirondack park. through a range of historic images and postcards, aurora pfaff tells the story of pilots who linked communities by air, transported goods and […] 




 


stinson sr5a reliant – harry ballance’s pursuit of perfection
harry ballance jr. has no memory of his father’s stinson sr5a or any of the stinsons his father owned. born in 1939, he was too young to comprehend the beauty or significance of the reliant series of elegant, high-wing commercial/private aircraft made in wayne, michigan between 1933 and 1941. with 10 principal civilian models, four […] 




 


feared fighter – ww i german albatros d.va
the vintage aviator ltd. (tval), in wellington, new zealand, has reproduced one of the most significant fighters from the great war. this time the focus was on an iconic german aircraft, the albatros d.va, which was the machine of choice and the last in a long line of single-seat fighters. many of the highest scoring […] 


1
2
3
…
287
next » 



featured video 









































stallion 51 and kissimmee airport









kissimmee gateway airport - stallion 51‬






spitfire: the plane that saved the world






17 most bizarre aircrafts 











 

don’t miss

p-38 lightning: a country boy way out of his element
arsenal of democracy flyover
mission into darkness
ha(l)-3 seawolves  – attack of the navy’s little-known helicopter squadron
drones: technology changes the face of combat
profile form profile data






profile form







interest level (check one)
        *

  
 browsing
 
 interested
 
 passionate
 
 historian



plane type (check any)
        *

  
 all
 
 civilian
 
 military
 
 prop planes
 
 jets
 
 1/5



classification (check any)
        *

  
 ww i
 
 ww ii
 
 korea
 
 vietnam
 
 gulf war
 
 present



your email (confidential)
        *




your name
        *




last name
        *







  
 i would like to subscribe to the flight journal newsletter






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



submit



δ






 show ad




 show offer









subscribedigital + print edition
digital edition
gift subscription
renew
customer service portal
help – contact us
careerslooking for contributors
career opportunities
advertise with usmedia kit
follow us





 



about
newsletter sign up
help – contact us
contributors’ guidelines
media kit
privacy policy
terms of use
licensing and permission
 
air age media © 






 
 


                    flightjournal membership login                

 





use the account number and zip code found on your mailing label or renewal form.





click here to login with email address







remember me


not a member? click here




 login








email or account number


click here to login with print subscription account number


password or zip code


show



remember me


not a member? click here






                            login                        










forgot your password?

 
 

lost your password? please enter your email address. you will receive mail with link to set new password.

email or username










                        reset password                    




back to login
 
close
 
 wordpress image lightbox plugin



militaryciviliannews and stories

aviation stories restoration and reproduction personalities
aviation museum directorycustomer service

report an issue digital + print digital edition gift subscription digital edition login renew customer service portal faqs help – contact us free newsletter





aboutnewsletter sign uphelp – contact uscontributors’ guidelinesmedia kitprivacy policyterms of uselicensing and permission

































 

