




















the fund for animals and the humane society of the united states merger is complete | humane world











      skip to main content
    




























humane world


humane world








                about us
          
toggle submenu









                our mission and impact
          





                our history
          





                our new brand
          











                leadership team
          





                diversity, equity and inclusion
          





                how we help local pet shelters and rescue groups
          











                where we work
          
toggle submenu









                africa
          









                liberia
          





                south africa
          

















                asia
          









                india
          





                south korea
          





                viet nam
          

















                europe
          









                germany
          





                italy
          





                united kingdom
          

















                latin america
          









                brazil
          





                costa rica
          





                mexico
          

















                north america
          









                canada
          





                united states
          

















                australia
          











                issues
          
toggle submenu









                access to care
          





                animals in research
          





                dog and cat meat trade
          





                helping captive wildlife
          





                protecting dogs and cats
          











                animal rescue and response
          





                equine protection
          





                farmed animal welfare
          





                stopping puppy mills
          





                wildlife protection
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














                take action
          
toggle submenu









                get involved
          









                action center
          





                volunteer for animals
          





                events
          

















                ways to give
          









                donate now
          





                start a fundraiser
          





                leave a legacy
          





                donate your car
          











                workplace giving
          





                cause partnerships
          





                humane heroes
          





                humane leaders
          




























 

sign the petition to end the cruel dog meat trade.



take action














                get informed
          
toggle submenu









                animal care resources
          





                "a humane world" blog
          





                all animals magazine
          





                humanepro resources for animal welfare professionals
          





                humane voices podcast
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














media room


careers


contact us


donate






media room


careers


contact us


donate












donate













search humaneworld.org


search


common searches:


frequently asked questions


donate


issues



















press release

the fund for animals and the humane society of the united states merger is complete


humane world for animals



date: 
            march 12, 2024


press release
















washington—today the fund for animals and the humane society of the united states finalized the merger announced in 2021. the fund for animals—which operated black beauty ranch, duchess sanctuary and rural area veterinary services—has been an affiliate of the humane society family of organizations since 2005, and is now fully integrated. 
kitty block, president and ceo of the humane society of the united states, said: “we have been collaborating with the fund for animals for many years, always with a shared goal to save and protect animals from cruelty and neglect and create a more humane world. as our priorities and goals more fully aligned, it was in the best interest of our organizations and mission to fully integrate our efforts. we’re pleased to be able to provide more opportunities, resources and attention to streamline and fuse our work, enabling us to have an even greater impact for animals.”
“this evolution in our relationship will make us even more effective in providing care for animals in crisis, and in taking on the broader societal challenges facing all animals,” said nicole paquette, chief program and policy officer of the hsus, who formerly served as the president of the fund for animals. “we are so proud of our longstanding relationship and affiliation and look forward to further increasing our strength and success as a blended family.”
the fund for animals was founded in 1967 by author and animal advocate cleveland amory, and spearheaded significant events in the history of the animal protection movement. among its historical work, the organization implemented a massive four-year airlift to rescue burros scheduled to be removed by the national park service in the grand canyon; launched a three-year rescue of burros in death valley national park; rescued 3,000 goats from san clemente naval weapons facility; and halted some hunting seasons of wolves, bison and bears across the u.s. in 1979, the fund for animals purchased land in texas to build black beauty ranch, now a 1,400-acre sanctuary for nearly 650 animals—40 different species—rescued from cruelty and neglect, including tigers, bears, primates, burros and horses.
the hsus will continue to operate former fund for animals programs (black beauty ranch, duchess sanctuary and rural area veterinary services) and will honor any restricted gifts made to support these programs.  any estate gifts established for the fund for animals will legally pass to the hsus for the benefit of facilities and/or programs previously operated by the fund for animals. the hsus thanks the fund for animals board of directors for their years of service. 
if you have questions about an existing bequest or future planned gift to the fund for animals, please email or call 1-800-808-7858 and speak with our planned giving team. 
if you are attempting to settle an estate for the fund for animals, please contact:
karol corbin walker kaufman dolowich, llp court plaza north 25 main street, suite 500 hackensack, nj 07601 201-708-8245 kcorbinwalker@kaufmandolowich.com 
for questions about making a gift or grant in support of fund for animals legacy programs, please reach out to:
kimberlee dinnsvp philanthropykdinn@humanesociety.org 



media contacts





anna west






240-751-2669




awest@humanesociety.org













share this:











 



footer menu


media room


careers


contact us


donate





global - social menu


humane world for animals


connect with us























global - legal menu


about us


diversity and inclusion


governance


financials


privacy and cookie policy













 








 



© 2025 humane world for animals is registered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. contributions to the humane world for animals are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. the humane world for animals tax identification number is 53-0225390.



































