






earthscape – an online resource for the global enviroment







































earthscape






about











it's the small things that matter – when insects shaped today's natural world

insects that play an essential role in moulding ecosystems may have begun their rise to prominence earlier than previously thought, shedding new light on how the world became modern. that is the finding of a new paper published by an international team of researchers led by simon fraser university's bruce archibald who is also a… 
january 30, 2018





new study examines the causes and consequences of the 2015 wimberley floods

a new study by chad furl, postdoctoral research associate, and hatim sharif, professor of civil and environmental engineering at the university of texas at san antonio, delves into the 2015 wimberley, texas floods that destroyed 350 homes and claimed 13 lives. furl and sharif researched the factors that led to the catastrophic flooding and shed… 
january 30, 2018





plastic in the oceans increasing risk of disease in coral reefs

more than 11 billion pieces of plastic are lodged within coral reefs in the asia-pacific region. according to a new study published in the journal science, as this plastic gets tangled, it often cuts the coral, increasing the risk of infection and disease outbreaks by as much 89 percent. 
january 29, 2018





noaa research holds promise of predicting snowpack before snow falls

as farmers in the american west decide what, when and where to plant, and urban water managers plan for water needs in the next year, they want to know how much water their community will get from melting snow in the mountains.this melting snow comes from snowpack, the high elevation reservoir of snow which melts… 
january 29, 2018





university of british columbia wearable technology could change the way athletes train

going for the gold is what the olympics is all about and three ubc entrepreneurs are working to help athletes get closer to the podium.kevin reilly and behnam molavi—both phd engineering graduates from ubc—and sports physician babak shadgan have designed a smart garment capable of monitoring vital performance metrics through sensors and software embedded in… 
january 29, 2018





the scent of the city

emissions of volatile organic compounds higher than previously assumed.in the scientific journal pnas, researchers from innsbruck, austria, present the world's first chemical fingerprint of urban emission sources of volatile organic compounds (vocs). accordingly, the abatement strategy for organic solvents is having an effect in europe. at the same time, the data suggest that the total… 
january 26, 2018





new study reveals how icy surface ponds on himalayan glaciers influence water flow

the flow of water that supports hydro-electric and irrigation infrastructure in the mountain regions of nepal and india is regulated by hundreds of large icy ponds on the surface of some of the world’s highest glaciers, scientists have revealed. 
january 26, 2018





century of data shows sea-level rise shifting tides in delaware, chesapeake bays

the warming climate is expected to affect coastal regions worldwide as glaciers and ice sheets melt, raising sea level globally. 
january 26, 2018





research finds link between rainfall and ocean circulation in past and present

research conducted at the university of texas at austin has found that changes in ocean currents in the atlantic ocean influence rainfall in the western hemisphere, and that these two systems have been linked for thousands of years. 
january 26, 2018





reducing regulatory burdens: epa withdraws “once in always in” policy for major sources under clean air act

today, the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) issued a guidance memorandum withdrawing the “once in always in” policy for the classification of major sources of hazardous air pollutants under section 112 of the clean air act. 
january 26, 2018






1
2
3
…
670
next page→




earthscape
proudly powered by wordpress








