




















eaa chapter 1246, mckinney, tx





































forgot your password?













toggle navigation




 chapter 1246 
 



home

pages 

about us
join our chapter!
pay your dues!
join eaa!
our chapter events
area aviation events
national aviation events
photo gallery
video gallery
chapter monthly meeting
young eagles
imc club
become a sport pilot
projects and planes
resources
newsletter archive
mckinney national airport



eaa 

eaa national
join eaa
airventure
hints for homebuilders
resources
young eagles
events
latest news



social media 

 our facebook group
 youtube
 twitter








go!
 
 
 
 












building lasting relationshipsand making new friends!
like the television show, cheers. you want to go were everybody knows your name.
become a member!















experimental aircrafthelp for any project
learn from experienced builders.those who have been there, done that.
learn more!



















young eaglesfree young eagles flights
offering youth the opportunityto experience the spirit of aviation.
learn more








 






aviation related eventsand associations
great opportunies to experienceaviation at its best.
learn more












 









 







become a member of eaa chapter 1246!




what is eaa?

										the experimental aircraft association is an organization that promotes all forms of recreational aviation. 
										the eaa was organized in 1953 in milwaukee, wisconsin, by some individuals who were interested in building 
										their own aircraft. over the years it has grown to include all types of aircraft, from ultralights to 
										commercially manufactured aircraft. an interest in aviation is the common denominator that brings our people 
										together, in good fellowship and sharing. the eaa is a national organization and has local chapters, 		
										such as ours, all over the world. you don't have to be a pilot to join in, the only requirement is a love 
										for aviation. join our chapter! 
										monthly meetings are on the 
first saturday of every month. hey! 
join our facebook group!








chapter news and announcements






pepsi stinson takes top honors at airventure





 


        					garry and janne ackerman of mckinney, texas, promised the stinson's previous owner they would restore it to its pepsi pride and get it back in the air - and they did, debuting the newly restored airplane at eaa airventure oshkosh 2024, where it became an award-winning airplane. ~ general aviation news
					
https://generalaviationnews.com/2024/08/11/pepsi-stinson-takes-top-honors-at-airventure/





chapter meetings - first saturday coffee and donuts





 


        					we're having free coffee and donuts for everyone on the 1st saturday of every month at pat long's hangar in the mckinney hangar owners association area at the collin county regional airport in mckinney, tx. we gather at 9:30 am. you don't have to be a member to join in, the only requirement is a love for aviation. non-members can be added to our email notification list by emailing treasurer@eaa1246.org. 
check our event calendar for dates and times.
click here for a map!

								

								you don't have to be a member to attend. see you there!

					
https://www.eaa1246.org/coffee-and-donuts.asp







upcoming eaa chapter 1246 events!














our videos!


check out all the fun we're having!


eaa chapter 1246 coffee and donuts - 2 stinsons in attendance! - 
	eaa chapter 1246

what a day for aviation! a delightful visit from garry and janne ackerman with their stinson sr-7b, along with tom ferraro and son with their 1938 stinson sr-10j.

 

1st saturday coffee and donuts with dave roesch, mckinney national airport tower controller manager - 
	eaa chapter 1246

our eaa chapters young eagle event! thanks to everyone that helped pull off this great event!

 

eaa chapter 1246 young eagles, mckinney, tx - 
	eaa chapter 1246

our eaa chapters young eagle event! thanks to everyone that helped pull off this great event!

 

andrew silver's robinson r22 beta helicopter - 
	eaa chapter 1246

andrew takes us on a tour of his robinson r22 helicopter, inside and out. full  detail about this fantastic helicopter.

 

eaa chapter 1246 coffee and donuts - special cirrus aircraft presentation - 
	eaa chapter 1246

great meeting today! 50+ people in attendance! a big thank you goes out to bart roberts from cirrus aircraft of mckinney, tx, for a great presentation. 

 

eaa chapter 1246 coffee and donuts - tom and jeff ferraro's 1938 stinson sr10j - 
	eaa chapter 1246

great time had by all, plus a fantastic presentation by tom ferraro about their 1938 stinson sr10j. 

 

chapter coffee and donuts - plus cozy mk iv 4-place canard tour - 
	eaa chapter 1246

see john cerney's cozy mk iv 4-place canard! fun had by all at our monthly first saturday coffee and donuts event. more information here: https://www.eaa1246.org/
eaa chapter 1246, mckinney, tx. the friendliest eaa chapter in texas!

 

eaa chapter 1246 august coffee and donuts - mckinney national airport, tx - 
	eaa chapter 1246

eaa chapter 1246 august 2023 coffee and donuts. loyal folks, even in the august heat!

 


july 2023 - coffee and donuts, and young eagles! - 
	eaa chapter 1246

18 young eagles flown! lot's of donuts and great coffee. fun had by all!

 






local aviation events















get involved!


							 the best way to get involved in our chapter is to attend our monthly program meeting and see what interests you. 
							 chapter members are more than willing to help fill you in on the opportunities that our chapter offers.
            

 







join the national eaa!

										join the world's most passionate aviation community and gain access to exclusive member programs, resources, and benefits.
                








join our chapter!

										eaa chapter 1246 members receive the regular email chapter newsletters filled with current events and news!
                








we're on facebook!

										interact with other eaa members and enthusiasts!  enjoy the fun and camaraderie of participating in the flying, building, and restoring 
										of recreational aircraft.
                



 

 
 






contact us


              mckinney national airport (ktki)
              1500 industrial blvd
              mckinney, tx 75069
              email: president@eaa1246.org





go social

stay in touch with us:










join eaa

your eaa membership makes aviation enjoyment and participation easier and more rewarding. 
              	join the most dynamic aviation organization in the world! join eaa today!











eaa chapter 1246: disclaimer privacy policy














