





home page — n-com

































































































broadcast tv, radio & green energy specialists



home 
products

broadcast equipment

accessories 
radio broadcast

fm transmitters 
fm antennas 
digital audio broadcast 
tv/dab antennas 


television

tv antennas 
tv/dab antennas 
tv transmitters 


studio and headend 
satellite

satellite dishes 
satellite receivers 


studio to transmitter link 
coaxial components

connectors 


combiners 
filters 


high speed internet 
telemetry 


services

apparatus and licensing 
funding & finance 
professional services 
site leasing 


news 
about us

testimonials 
careers 


contact 












travelling that extra mile
n-com your broadcast tv, radio & green energy specialists.



n-com at broadcast asia singapore 2017
n-com regularly attends trade shows across australia and asia.



n-com participating at technorama australia 2017
presenting & knowledge discussions.



n-com elettronika maia digital transmitter
maia is the outstanding, latest-generation, multi-standard platform for the transmission of digital tv or digital radio signal up to a power of 100w rms in a compact unit.



n-com #1 selling elettronika mizar fm transmitter
with its 5 star rating the elettronika mizar fm transmitter range is widely used across the globe
and known as the best value transmitter available today.



n-com green energy lighting by day
with remote energy system experience, n-com expands with our new green energy lighting systems. ideal for councils, the n-com green energy lighting systems brighten up those dark areas, grid free and without ongoing costs.



n-com green energy lighting by night



n-com professional services
from equipment to site installation, n-com will provide you that missing link.



n-com in outback australia
n-com prides itself in being able to build broadcast site facilities anywhere, like outback queensland, australia.



n-com in the solomon islands
n-com provides professional quality works and installations all over the pacific



n-com in papua new guinea
n-com prides itself in professional installations and the education of  local staff for first in maintenance capabilities



n-com site construction & maintenance
n-com prides itself in building your site and supporting your facility with maintenance and support.



n-com stand at broadcast indonesia 2018
n-com has been around since 2000 and proudly sponsors and presents at broadcast and technology shows










 proven productswe have partnered with trusted global brands including elettronika, cableworld, cambium and many more. to bring robust and proven products to our customers.
to find out more about our products please read more or contact us here. professional serviceswith over 50+years of experience and expertise within the broadcasting and communication industry we can help with every part of any project. from planning and licensing through to supply, installation and commissioning. not only working in the tv and radio field our experience also extends to the microwave and data links. 
find out more here supporting youwe have been working with community broadcasters and local government for over 20 years. we understand the constraints and restrictions that many encounter. we will work together to provide a suitable solution while meeting your budget and other constraints.services
high speed internet
broadcast equipment
satellite
switches
telemetry
green energy































































			n-com really understood our challenging community requirements and the amazing team provided a system that has the capabilities that we needed. at crow fm, it’s why we sound so good to air.  we cannot talk highly enough of the n-com team.		


		manager 
		- crow fm
crow fm








			n-com really helped us out. another transmitter brand just kept letting us down and after discussing the issue with the n-com team, we purchased their recommended elettronika mizar fm transmitter, complete with warranty and support. ordered, delivered and on-air in less than 72 hours along with full telephone support, our new transmitter has performed brilliantly through one of the hottest summers on record in broken hill. we look forward to working with the n-com team in the future as we grow and serve our community.		


		president 
		- broken hill fm association inc.
2dry fm





 top five reasons to buy elettronika transmitterstried and proven in some of the harshest environments on earth, elettronika transmitters provided by n-com perform year in and year out at the highest standards achievable, demonstrating real return on investment for broadcasters through time proven reliability. 


over 50 years experience


the elettronika factory based in italy, europe has been building transmitters for over 50 years. with pride of engineering, workmanship and attention to detail on the build quality, the equipment is superb, delivering a product with true broadcast pedigree.





robustness


fully engineered and manufactured in europe, elettronika transmitters are ingrained with a proud engineering heritage, used globally with tried and proven robustness, year in and year out.





capability


from 30 to 20,000 watts, n-com has the elettronika transmitter with the capability to function as per design requirements, year in and year out. 





performance


performance, performance, performance! from highly efficient power supplies, super clean modulator and exciter stages, through to linear, efficient and ultimately productive power amplifier stages, elettronika transmitters are, as we say at n-com simply perform, year in and year out.





incredible return on investment


broadcasters demand performance year in and out, and so does the accountant!  elettronika transmitters represent a long term reliable investment and are proven to be one of the best return on investment products available in the market today.


 latest news

february 1, 2020


our 2020 showcase schedule
 



	we have confirmed to exhibit our company at the following conferences: local government association of queensland conference 2020 19 – 21 october @ gold coast convention cent ..






read on now

interested to know more??
proceed to read through our products and services


search




 









home
products
services
news
about us
contact us


copyright © 2020 n-com pty ltd   acn 110 579 229.
					

































