










home - bemidji area chamber of commerce %



























































  



















skip to content




 










become a member | member login






































































menu 
the chamber members member directory member engagement member benefits become a member about us board of directors chamber ambassadors let’s celebrate your business chamber staffbemidji events calendarchamber signature events business after hours awards of excellence charlie naylor lifetime annual celebration gala lake bemidji dragon boat festivalpolicy & advocacy bemidji day at the capitol government contacts business resources business opportunitiesprograms young professionals network chamber ambassadors workforce & talent ceo in the classroom growbemidji!love local chamber bucks webcams paul bunyan & the blue ox jobs volunteer request relocation packetvisit bemidji lakes area guide shop dine stay visit bemidji









webcams











chamber bucks










 






















bemidji area






chamber of commerce












search hundreds of local businesses





















 
 


 
 


 
 




































					member directory				








					events				








					jobs				








					chamber news				








					join				


















 
bemidji lakes area guide 
check out the 2024-2025 lakes area guide here:
click to read 








































thank you to our major sponsors!









































next
previous

















chamber events & happenings






















 
chamber members are invited to learn more about the chamber and gain exposure for their business by attending this free event, including networking, live stream interviews, cash bar and appetizers. attendees are also encouraged to bring door prizes and sign up for future hosting opportunities!
 








upcoming dates



























 
mission: engage and connect dedicated young professionals to embrace and accelerate personal and professional growth by offering a sense of belonging within the business community, diverse meaningful connections and leadership opportunities.
 








upcoming dates













upcoming events










 












© 2025 bemidji area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












your connection. your voice. your success.




















contact details













(218) 444-3541 














chamber@bemidji.org 














102 1st street west, bemidji, mn 56601 



















hours
monday-friday: 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
























































© 2022 bemidji area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site by growthzone.









 

















