












dustbury | create legal pdf forms online





















 



 dustbury.com preparing legal documentation has become a part of everyday life. it can help you avoid legal misunderstandings, and you may use it as a planning tool for, for example, real estate or marriage matters. legal forms come in different shapes and sizes, and you need to be careful and attentive when preparing each of them. on this page, you will find various legal pdf forms and templates that will help you handle both professional and personal matters. these documents are listed in alphabetical order, so it will be easier for you to select the necessary form. read on to get more information. pdf authorization forms when you need authorization from someone else to do something, you’ll likely have to fill out an authorization form. authorization forms are used to grant or deny permission for specific actions. the form will list the person or organization who is giving permission, as well as the person or organization who is receiving permission. there may be a section for details about the action that is being authorized, as well as any conditions that need to be met. authorization forms can vary in complexity, depending on the situation. the forms below may allow a person to authorize specific individuals or organizations to manage, maintain, or sell their property, request authorization for specific services or treatments, or return the ordered products.  regence blue cross authorization request restat prior authorization form return authorization form rodan fields return authorization form seterus authorization form seterus third party autorization  pdf request forms on many occasions, you may need to request specific information or documents from individuals or organizations. to make this process as easy and efficient as possible, it is recommended to have a quality request form. request forms can vary depending on the type of information or document being requested. still, they generally include fields for the requester’s name and contact information, the date of the request, a description of the information or document being requested, and any other relevant details. having a well-crafted request form can help ensure that all necessary information is included and that your request is processed as quickly as possible.  replacement part request form request for hearing template request for jsrcc transcript request for transcript tstc request mortgage assistance form richmont transfer request form safeway donation request saint leo transcript request form salem university transcript request scad academic transcript request  pdf order forms order forms can come in handy in different life circumstances. one of the essential forms is a restraining order. suppose someone suffers from domestic violence or is in danger of being harmed by someone they have a domestic relationship with. in that case, they need to consider filing for a restraining order. a restraining order is a legal document released by a judge to order a person to stay away from another person. the restraining order templates are available below.  repo order form restraining order form ch 100 restraining order notice sav rx order form  pdf application forms applications are one of the most widely-used documents. a person faces the need to complete an application form at least several times in their life, for example, when applying for a passport, admission to college, or job. the applications below mainly consist of employment, loan, and rental applications. however, you will also find such specific forms as sperm donors and military applications here. examine the templates we’ve collected for you and pick the one that best suits your requirements.  rem iowa service application form ritas application robeks juice application roommate application safeway job application salon application template sandf army application form sbi home loan application form sewerage water board application shiekh shoes application form short mortgage application short mortgage application single trip permit application sky zone application smoothie king application snap application form social security application spain application visa spain national visa application spain visa application sperm donor application spring creekr apartment application sss loan application  pdf release forms a release form is a legal document that acknowledges that an individual or company has been released from any potential liability or legal claims. there are various types of release forms, and it’s essential to know which one is appropriate for your situation. for example, when you are working with a company, there may be times when you are asked to sign a release form to give the company permission to use your name or likeness in advertising or publicity material. one of the common forms is a medical release that can authorize doctors to disclose a patient’s medical data or discuss it with other health care providers.  release of lien form texas saint pauls college transcript release salon chemical waiver form sedgwick medical release form sprint release form  pdf report forms report forms may be something that you should consider if you want to increase the efficiency of your business or report some incidents at work. these forms can help you keep track of essential information, such as customer data, sales figures, and daily activity. in addition, report forms can help you stay organized and on top of your work schedule. if you are interested in learning more about report forms, check the following templates.  revenue employers report ri accident report form rt 6 form rt 8a form sample security incident report security guard daily report sample slip fall incident report sample  pdf forms for school if you have children, you probably know that their studying at school requires not only remembering all the subjects and school stuff but also dealing with particular paperwork. we’ve gathered some school forms that may come in handy to facilitate the latter task. here, you can find a school absence form that needs to be filled out for a student to be excused from school. if you want to assess how well your child’s school experience is going, you may request a school function assessment form. it covers such areas as academic achievement, behavior, and social interactions. other useful school forms are listed below.  release school records form school absence form school accident report form school care plan diabetes school function assessment form school safety agent practice exam  rental pdf forms it’s hard to overestimate the rental forms. from a rental application to a property expenses form, these documents make life easier for both landlords and tenants. we also add a renewal lease form and rental verification forms in this section. a rental verification form is used to verify the person applying for a rental property, their income, and the credit history required to lease the property. a lease renewal, in its turn, allows the parties to continue the tenancy if they are okay with each other.  renewal lease form nyc rent certificate rent roll form rental property expenses form rental verification form rha form  employee pdf forms whether you’re self-employed or a retired employee, the following forms can be of use. thus, as a self-employed person, you may benefit from a self-assessment form to assess their work abilities, qualities, and skills or a self-employed income analysis to calculate your yearly income and track your expenses. a retired employee can use an sbi form to discover the medical benefits they are eligible for. by understanding the function of these forms, you can better prepare yourself when presented with one.  sbi retired employees medical benefit self assessment form self declaration income self employed income analysis self employed letter self employment ledger template  small business association (sba) pdf forms the small business association (sba) is a government organization designed to help small businesses in the united states. they offer various resources, including loans and support groups, to help small businesses grow and succeed. there are different forms available, from loan applications to permits and licenses. small businesses should take advantage of all the sba’s resources. the proper forms can help your business run smoother and be more organized.  sba 912 form sba borrower certification sba form 1368 sba form 147 sba form 160 sba form 2202 sba form 355 sba form 4 l sba form 5 sba form 5c small business self certification statement  social security administration (ssa) pdf forms the social security administration (ssa) provides a wide range of forms for different purposes. whether you are looking to apply for benefits, report a change in your circumstances, or request a duplicate copy of your social security card, there is likely a form that will suit your needs. we’ve listed some of the most commonly-used ssa forms in this section. you can either fill them online or download and print to get your hard copy of the document.  social security form ssa 521 ssa 11 form ssa 1724 form ssa 2490 bk form ssa 455 ocr sm ssa 4734 f4 sup ssa 6234 f6 form ssa 7050 f4 sss form rs 5 sss online registration e1  california department of motor vehicles (dmv) pdf forms the california department of motor vehicles (dmv) is responsible for handling all of the state’s motor vehicle-related matters. this includes everything from driver licenses and registration to emissions testing and license plates. if you need any form related to your motor vehicle, check the following documents. for example, use form reg 119 (certificate of repossession) to file a title application for a repossessed vehicle or form reg 5103 (application for temporary smog exemption for a vehicle located out of state) to skip the smog check temporarily.  reg 119 reg 166 form reg 172 form reg 5103  new york state department of taxation and finance pdf forms the new york state department of taxation and finance (nysdtf) has a list of individual and business-related forms available for taxpayers to use. these forms cover a range of topics, including local annual sales and use tax returns, contractor certification, and exemption certificates. most of the forms may be filled out online and printed out later. however, there are a few exceptions when an individual will need to request a form in the department and file it in person. be sure to check the requirements first to determine if you can download the template and complete it by yourself.  st 101 form st 125 form st 125 template st 129 form st 220 td form st 4 certificate  south carolina pdf forms if you reside in south carolina, you may take advantage of the state authorities’ legal documents for various purposes. for example, if you need to renew your driver’s license, you will have to fill out and submit form 452 to the department of motor vehicles (dmv). other south carolina dmv forms include form 400 used to register a vehicle, and form 416 (notice of vehicle sold), which should be attached to form 400. look through the other templates below. it’s essential to remember that some of these forms might require some specific details to complete, so be sure you have all the relevant information.  sc 452 dmv form sc application child sc dl 222 sc dmv form 400 sc dmv form 416 sc ed lottery claim form sc form c 278 sc form estimated sc form unemployment sc school diploma sc st 3 form sales south carolina nurse aide form south carolina nurse aide form south carolina real estate contract form 310  other state-specific pdf forms if you are looking for legal forms to complete for other states, you are encouraged to check this section. you will find various templates for california, georgia, maryland, and pennsylvania. these documents are related to such topics as motor vehicles, sale and purchase of the real estate, sales and use taxes, and family law. using state-specific forms is crucial since each state has its own requirements and regulations.  replace ebt card ny resale certificate maryland ri family court form rmv 3 form rmv1 form sale contract ga salon license ga schedule california 540 si 200 c form si 200 form silverscript procrit pa form st 108 form st 108e state form st 5 m form georgia st5 form  other pdf forms we have a comprehensive list of other pdf documents available for download and online completion. they are devoted to different fields and include forms for homeowners, sportspeople, employers and employees, taxpayers, and patients. we’ve placed the templates in alphabetical order for your convenience. do not hesitate to examine them and select the necessary ones.  registration form bank registration form hotel registry renewal form reimbursement ford reissue savings bonds reliance empanelment form remodeling contract remodelling contract form renew guard card repair contract repair estimate requiem for a dream book rescheck tutorial form reserve account deposit slip residential data input form resolution form response to a summons template response to subpoena restaurant cleaning inspection checklist retail installment sale contract return of earnings form return work medical certification rev 1605 revenue sharing agreement template review form commercial appraisal ridley and hale booking form rl logistics carriers form rn nursing care of children 2013 b road maintenance agreement form robert wood johnson hospital letterhead rodan and fields sales support rodan and fields termination notice roof inspection form roofing installation certification form roofing warranty certificate rose state college transcript form ross root feeder form rp 425 ivp form rp 5217 form rpz test results rta form 13 rts 3 form ruger program form running record sheet form running sheet template rural health clinic billing cheat rush card dispute form rut 75 tax form rv f1315201 form rx right source saco river education safety construction audit safety daily checklist safety plan template sales form sales leadership career profile sales tax return salon fundamentals key salvation army tax receipt samba insurance claim form sample 5988e sample annotated outline sample custodian test sample doctors lien sample fax cover sample ocean bill of lading sample of 850 petition sample of subrogation form sample petition for writ of habeas sample profit loss for taxi sample receiving form sample roof certification form sample tax return transcript sample undertaking form sample us customs form sams 1111 form san jose form r 40 sanofi patient assistance form sar 7 form la county sars form tcc 001 sars form vat101 satisfactory note sample saws 2 plus sb 13100 probate sbi card dispute form online sbi xpress credit form sbi saving account opening form sc 120 form sc 220 form sc103 form sc ins5140 scale ticket form scc819 form scdor 111 form scecomcarerecert schedule h form schedule values form schwab beneficiary schwab contribution transmittal form scif e3067 form scotia banking online scottrade beneficiary screen printing quote form seasonal influenza vaccine form sec state form llc 10 secnav 5512 1 form second injury questionnaire secretary of state nurse practitioner section 8 voucher extension security deposit deductions securus form sedgwick direct deposit form self esteem test online sentinel benefits reimbursement claim form sentry lost combination sere 100 service above self award seterus short sale packet sex contract sex slave form sf 171 form sf 3107 2 form sf 701 form sf1010 school form sf85p form fillable sgs form sh 430 form shared well agreement form sheet telemetry shelter care claim form shelter insurance scholarship s 32 s form shift availability form shipper letter form shipping note form shivyog portal shoreline form shc 11 00 shps reimbursement form shutterfly foundation sign in roster form signature specimen form silverscript non-formulary drug form sky zone fort myers slrrt form slrrt fillable form smith optics warranty form snow removal contract template soap medical massage template soc 341 form fillable soc 821 form soccer player contract form soccer player profile form soccer training session plan sodexo direct deposit soft bdsm form solicitation contributions sos form 0017 sos form 0079 sos form 0086 sp 167 form sp41 form spay neuter coupon special mailing certificate title species form worksheet spokane county form sports physical form sportsmans credit card sprint assessment test answers square d panel label sr 330a of wbtr 1 srr form ss4418 form ss8572 form abuse sstgb form f0003 ssu 225 2 form st lucie county clerk of court stable program pre assessment staff communication form standard disclosure form standard examiner obituary standard form 1188 standard form 1199a standard form 1199a direct deposit standard form 1411 standard form 2 t  articles and posts clickbait for the eyes “it is indeed a goddam noisy box,” jubal harshaw said to the man from mars. and, of course, he was right: i think i’m done with local news. this morning they reported on a string of burglaries a couple of counties south of me and spent about a minute on the story, and then lavished five minutes (roughly) on one of those “florida man” stories where someone gets themselves in trouble with the law in a highly stupid way, and i was like, “i could use more detail about the local burglaries so i could know what to do to avoid becoming a victim,” but of course, entertainment value and the freak-show that modern life has become seems to be more important and probably gets more eyeballs. once again, i think of my plan to offer a “just news” channel that ran the important news stories—no celebrity fluff, no dumb-criminal stories, no oversweetened human interest stuff — and repeated it every 15 minutes or so. or maybe devoted 15 minutes to europe news, 15 minutes to the americas, 15 minutes to asia, and 15 minutes to africa… and then loop it around. (and yeah: australia would have to go in with asia, i suppose.) “you give us 22 minutes,” says wins radio in new york, “and we’ll give you the world.” and they’ve been doing that for over 50 years. you want a piece of this? so this came in over the transom back in january: i’m currently working with a brilliant business who operates in the education industry. i noticed your site has published a very interesting article, dustbury.com: almost yogurt archives, which is why i think a collaboration between us could work well. we would like to feature a bespoke piece of content on your site, which we think would be of great interest to you and your audience. for the privilege of being featured on your site, we would be happy to offer you a fee of $50. we hope to hear back from you soon. obviously, she picked a link at random to throw in there. when i ignored her, she repeated her request, a little louder. at the other end of the spectrum: i’m a freelancer who works for … an online media agency. would you be interested in writing and posting an article for a fixed fee? the article should be relevant to the category and to the readers of your site. if you are interested, please let me know and i’ll provide you with more details. also, if you own other sites please send me their urls, so i can review them. it’s not like she thinks i’m swell or anything, either: depending on your local law, you may need to make it clear that the links you use are in fact adverts. but of course they are. sort of a bandwagon and a short bandwagon at that, but surely no harm is being done: a birmingham radio station is taking women hosts off the air and will only play songs by men as part of [today’s] “a day without a woman” protest. wuht/hot 107.7, a cumulus media station, said the change reflects the absence of women for the day. midday host tasha simone and station voice jeannie johnson will be off the air for the day and all songs played during non-syndication hours will feature men only. “this was an easy decision for us,” said ken johnson, operations manager, wuht-fm/hot 107.7, and vice president, urban, cumulus media, said. “women are our core listeners and these women contribute a great deal to our sound. honoring women by highlighting to the community how important they are is a no-brainer.” wonder if dj big sweat will get his hours extended. “plus,” said johnson, “hearing more marvin gaye, teddy pendergrass and luther vandross is not a bad thing.” true that. the elder statesman mike mccarville moves on to covering the next life: it is my unfortunate duty to inform you that our friend mike mccarville is no longer with us on earth. after struggling with an illness, he has gone to his deserved rest. that familiar laugh and smile are now part of heaven’s domain. it is the image of that twinkle in mike’s eyes and his quick offer of a cup of coffee that haunts me as i write this piece to say goodbye to the man who was my boss, my mentor, and best of all, my friend. mccarville is truly the dean of okc bloggers, having started the mccarville report literally before there were any such things as blogs: think “typewriter.” his radio appearances are legendary. i expect jason doyle oden will continue the mccarville report for the foreseeable future. it’s an invaluable part of the local dialogue. your superb owl ticket these are definitely owls worth looking at. the okc owl cam is trained, 24/7, on the nest built by a pair of great horned owls here in oklahoma city. they’re at least seven years old: we can’t know for certain, but based on what we’ve observed, we are certain they are at least seven years old. mrs. tiger has laid eggs 6 times at our house. the first two times, she did not brood (incubate) them. we believe it’s possible that she was not yet mature enough to brood eggs. however, we know that ghos typically aren’t able to lay eggs until at least a year old. so assuming she hasn’t laid any prior eggs before she laid them at our house, she would have been at least one when she laid the first eggs and has done so six consecutive years here, making her at least seven years old. we would assume mr. tiger is of similar age, though there’s no way to confirm that. the most obvious question, to me anyway, is “why are they nesting in that particular place?” we can never know for sure, but observation has led many to conclude this is, albeit an unlikely, but very strategic choice for a nest location. it is atypical in that it is an urbanized setting, surrounded by human activity ranging from kids playing outside just feet away, to normal neighborhood traffic. however, the nest enjoys nearly 60% shelter, as it rests inside an in-set window box protected both by the wall of the house and the eve of the roof just above it. the color of the house provides potential camouflage very similar in color to their markings. from a strategic standpoint, it is almost fully protected from the predators they are up against in a typical nesting site. no roaming animals could access the nest, leaving it open only to other larger birds of prey, or the occasional curious human landlord. at any given moment, there are several hundred owl oglers, and by all accounts, they’re having a wonderful time. the triumph of portlandia for just a moment — okay, for twelve minutes — it looked like the thunder were going to stomp the trail blazers. it was 40-29 at the first quarter break. then portland ran off 11 in a row to tie it up, and the blazers didn’t let up. how dominant were they? we’re talking seven players (out of nine) in double figures, led by reserve guard allan crabbe with 23. (the word “reserve” matters here; seven thunder bench players in aggregate managed only 26.) okc did manage a tie or two, but with 31 seconds left the blazers were up 120-116, those last four points contributed by jusuf nurkić. in the next five seconds, steven adams threw up a high screen, everyone went after russell westbrook, and victor oladipo sneaked through a trey, making it a one-point game. inexplicably, westbrook fouled c. j. mccollum, one of the stalwarts of the stripe. mccollum promptly swished his two charity tosses. westbrook had a good look on his next shot, but it fell short, and nurkić essentially finished the job. yeah, there was one more westbrook shot, but damien lillard drew a foul and knocked down two more, so it ended with portland up 126-121, winning the season series 3-1. it seemed like there was always one more westbrook shot. in fact, the thunder put up 85 shots, and westbrook had 39 of them, making 21 and finishing with a career-high 58 points. (before you ask: the rest of the team got 63.) i suspect he’s less impressed by that than the fact that it’s another l. the thunder had a slight edge in rebounds (39-36), but the blazers did that whole assist thing better (24-16). to look upward for a moment: memphis has lost three straight and remains one game ahead of okc for the sixth seed in the west. denver remains in the eighth, five and a half back, but the blazers are only one and a half behind the nuggets. the crunch, though, is clearly on. there are only 18 regular-season games left, nine at home, nine on the road, and while the thunder are a better-than-respectable 23-9 at home, they’re an indifferent 12-20 on the road. the next two are at home, but they’re against recognized powerhouses: first the spurs on thursday, followed by the jazz on saturday afternoon. i’m readying the fainting couch. and about an hour after the game, espn’s royce young delivered the statistical blow: the thunder are 4-8 this season when westbrook shoots 30 or more times. what can we learn from this? the steaks have never been higher the george pub and grill in county durham, says metro.co.uk, “is selling a steak dinner that weighs more than a newborn child.” did you say you want some more? well, here’s some more: with seven items on its “challenge” menu, including the uk’s largest mixed grill and a kebab sandwiched between two chicken parmos, the george could well be the meatiest place in europe. this makes arby’s “we have the meats” claim seem rather, um, undernourished. pub owner craig harker has set the challenge for four diners to eat the mammoth six-kilo rump in 45 minutes. the holy cow 220 oz steak sharer costs £124.95 and requires 24 [hours] notice so craig can get the meat from the butchers. harker said the piece of beef, which is so big it has to be served on a metal tray, takes two and a half hours to cook to medium-rare before it is served with chips, onion rings, and coleslaw “to help it go down.” then again, 220 ounces — 13 pounds, 12 ounces — makes for an awfully large newborn child. and if it doesn’t quite go down? harker said that losers will win a free ride to the hospital once cardiac arrest sets in. try that at arby’s. not suddenly slinky singer işın karaca was born in london on this date in 1973 to a cypriot mother and a turkish father. (perhaps understandably, she shortened her surname from büyükkaraca.) despite a degree in theatre, she didn’t start singing in earnest until her middle twenties, when she recorded songs for the turkish version of disney’s hercules. oaq occasionally-asked questions where did you get the idea for this page, and what about the title? to be out front about it, i swiped this idea from kim rollins, who once said that she cribbed it from laura lemay. i suppose, if you trace things back far enough, you can probably blame it on dante, or perhaps john tesh. and while the domain name seems a bit odd, i was worried that “phlegm-brulée.com” might have already been taken. are there any really frequently-asked questions about you? only “who the hell do you think you are?”, which generally doesn’t deserve a response from me. don’t i know you from somewhere? probably not, although i have been around for ages. my online debut was in the middle 1980s, which isn’t exactly the same as having once had a mastodon-hunting permit, but it’s close enough. once upon a time, i was the moderator of fidonet’s controversial conference (area tag: controv), a position i held for six years (after being a contributor for five). before that, i did yeoman duty as a room host on america online, even before steve case came up with the name. more recently, i have been sporadically spotted on various message boards, and until its 1999 death by malfeasance, in prodigy classic chat, as window phone, the windows in question being a trademark of microsoft corporation. this name is also used, with variations as dictated by necessity, at various other locations. including the (so far) mostly unnecessary windowphobe.com. on the other hand, my twitter stuff comes out under dustbury. and then again, you may just have me confused with someone else. wasn’t there a really ornate background graphic on this page at one time? supposedly, it was interfering with full enjoyment of the text, as though this text could be enjoyed fully. and anyway, it became irrelevant when i incorporated it into the wordpress install. meanwhile, i am trying to simplify the interface without making it look like i learned html from an old crib sheet. and where did you learn html? from an old crib sheet. what happened to the abortion stuff? the supreme court has canned the communications decency act, which forbade the discussion of such things in cyberspace; my little act of civil disobedience is no longer necessary. besides, at the time, i needed the space. you can still read about operation fescue, though, and if i ever get any new ideas on the subject, i’ll put them up. exactly where is this “dustbury, oklahoma” anyway? this question deserves a page of its own. any descendants? two children: rebecca (born 1978) and russell (born 1981). six grandchildren: nicholas (rebecca’s first son, born 1999), laney (russell’s daughter, born 2003), jackson (russell’s first son, born 2006), gunner (russell’s second son, born 2007), alison (rebecca’s daughter, born 2011), and liam (rebecca’s second son, born 2012). other than genetic material, do they have anything in common with you? well, my ex-wife tends to yell at them a lot also. are you saying you don’t get along with your ex? actually, now that i’m out of the house and out of her hair for the most part, she probably thinks i’m not such a bad sort after all. of course, the things we disagreed on before, we still disagree on; some things never change. a very nice person overall, but i wonder about her taste in guys sometimes. did she get married again? she did. twice more. third time’s the charm and all that. so why didn’t you get married again? the level of desperation reported to exist among contemporary women is highly exaggerated. no prospects at all? i didn’t say that. on the other hand, not everyone who seems interested can be considered a viable candidate, for a variety of reasons i’d just as soon not get into. can we infer anything from your complaint about colorado’s amendment 2, or from your opposition to the “defense of marriage act”? you could, but you’d probably be wrong. is it true you got 1600 on your sats? it is not true. then again, i took them twice, and if you add the scores of both tests together… did you actually design this site with wordpad? the very earliest design work was done on notepad (!), but after the first year or so (by which is meant “when i finally got around to installing windows 95”) updates were done on wordpad, which has a few more options and the capacity to handle bigger files. you don’t use blogger or some similar tool? i didn’t at first. as of the last week of august 2002, the log (the front-page stuff and the archives thereof) was powered by movable type; i switched to wordpress in september 2008 and incorporated two years’ worth of bloggage into that installation. everything else is hand-coded from the finest domestic bits. do you have a blogger code? oh, my, yes: b9 d++ t+ k++ s++ u+ f++ i++ o+ x– e+ l+ c– what’s with the goldfinch? well, it’s the state bird of new jersey (and of washington), but that’s not why it’s here. during her last days, my mother decided to spend some of her time working on crafts, and while she didn’t complete a whole lot of projects, she did finish up the paint job on a plastic model of a goldfinch. she’s been gone thirty-odd years, but the little bird remains with me. what are you driving these days? an infiniti i30, vintage 2000. her name is gwendolyn. don’t ask why. (and if you must, read this.) what are you wearing? it varies. if i’m at work, probably chinos, or somebody’s cheap imitation dockers, and a pocket t. if i’m at home, unless it’s the dead of winter, likely nothing at all. seriously? why would i make up something like that? what’s so weird about chinos and pocket ts? not that, you nimrod. i mean the nudity business. it’s not a big deal, and i don’t know why you’re concerned about it. to the extent that circumstances permit—mowing the front lawn, for instance, is not a permitted circumstance—at home, i do without clothing. simple as that. repeat: “it’s not a big deal.” before you ask, i don’t answer the door this way, either, unless i know it’s someone who is, or claims to be, okay with it. so are there nude pictures of you on the internet? there are, though i am not inclined to tell you exactly where they are. they’re not, however, hidden. how is it that you don’t have any ads or popups? well, besides the fact that clickthrough is evil, so far i’m not using up so much bandwidth that i need help paying for this site, which runs somewhere around $100 a year. repeat: “so far”. dozens of services offer free webspace. why pay for it? migod, i’m beginning to think you like ads and popups. and you don’t have a tip jar either? unless this site suddenly becomes a lot more popular, or unless i fall on hard times, i don’t need the bucks. there are plenty of deserving bloggers with huge online expenses who do; see to their needs first, wouldja, please? a chap named ravenwood perhaps says it best: “if you want to help me out, vote to lower my tax rate.” if you still feel like sending me a few bucks, i have a paypal account under chaz at dustbury.com. what myers-briggs type are you? i haven’t taken the mbti, but i have taken the sort-of-similar keirsey temperament sorter, and it considers me an intj. have you taken an enneagram test? i have. i’m a five. what do you do for a living? i run an ibm midrange server, which handles both local needs and our corporate web site, and the attendant document production as needed. midranges? aren’t those obsolete? i wrote the first version of this page, and many of the subsequent updates, on a 386 pc. and an sx, at that. now that’s obsolete. what’s this “42nd and treadmill” business? it’s a convenient term for my workplace that casts the necessary aspersions without becoming particularly actionable — for one thing, 42nd is a good twenty blocks (more or less) away. originally, “42nd at treadmill” was a subsection of “pictures of a city”, a track from the 1970 king crimson album in the wake of poseidon, with an utterly disjointed pete sinfield lyric and an utterly distorted greg lake vocal; it would be appropriate based on these considerations alone. how long have you been doing that? the servers, i mean. since 1990, taking time out for meals, of course. and that’s another thing. how much do you weigh, really? i consider myself average weight — that is, for a height of eleven feet, one and a half inches. are you actually that tall? what are you, some sort of insurance-company weasel? does this in any way interfere with your love life? it might if i had one, but i wouldn’t count on it. are you actively looking for someone? define “actively”. i’m not surfing the net trolling for babes if that’s what you mean. what is your position on “cybersex”? uh, seated. okay, try it this way. suppose the woman of your dreams shows up some night in a chat room. would you blow her off? what makes you think i haven’t? what’s she like? the woman of your dreams, i mean. barring the sudden arrival of information to the contrary, the most pertinent word is “nonexistent.” should we take this to mean you’re not interested in an online relationship? i don’t see any future in such things—at least, not for me. i know my limitations. then again, i also thought walter mondale would carry three or four more states back in ’84, so don’t assume i always know what i’m talking about. suffice it to say that the very demographic of cyberspace—mostly average men and above-average women, at least in the circles in which i’m likely to move—virtually ensures that i will encounter someone of prodigious desirability who wouldn’t have me on a bet. didn’t you have a photo gallery at one time? i did; i took it down, thinking i could probably make better use of the material; finally, i put up photo sets on flickr. i can understand the car posts and the computer posts and sometimes even the political posts, but what’s the deal with the shoes? think of it as a broadening of scope. i grew up surrounded by lots of gorgeous legs, by dint of having attended a catholic high school during a period when skirt lengths were becoming, um, less conservative, and shoes are a logical extension of that interest. (so are underpants, i suppose, but those aren’t on display. usually.) besides, they always invite comments, even if it’s only “yech, i wouldn’t wear that.” how in the world did you ever become a fan of my little pony? a person whose opinions i respect recommended it. i admit that i did not, however, expect quite the emotional connection that eventually developed.
