

 







the arc of hilo - hawaii island disability support, employment & housing





















































skip to content















 
contactcareerssupport our ohanaget services


















































menu 
adult services adult day programs personal attendant services supported employment low income housingyouth servicescommercial servicesorganic farmreservation centerabout us history leadership financials resources support the arc of hilocareerscontact usget services support our ohana


























 









 








kulia i ka nu’u
strive to reach the highest
need services?
 






















since 1954, the arc of hilo has been providing people with disabilities the help they need to lead productive, community-driven lives. since day one, we have believed that people with disabilities deserve the same rights as everyone else and should be able to live, work, and play happily and healthily. we were the only non-profit of our kind for decades and led this movement on the hawaiian islands. what was once a strong mission and small operation has now grown into the largest employer for people with disabilities throughout hawaii county. we hope that you will be inspired by our mission and help youth and adults with disabilities continue to thrive here in hawaii.























support our ohana









volunteer 
help our mission and volunteer your time to assist our clients with day-to-day tasks, service projects, events or advocacy.


become a volunteer


 











donate 
every bit helps! donate money, non-cash items, supplies or equipment. leave a living legacy or become a business partner.


donate


 













hire us









commercial laundry, landscaping & janitorial services 
we are staffed by individuals with disabilities. services for businesses and personal clients.


commercial services


 











reservations center 
event center reservations, commercial kitchen rental, party rentals (tables, chairs, tents), and even fresh produce from our farm!


reservations center


 























the arc of hilo provides a range of community support services, including adult day care, personal assistance, supported employment and vocational training, and support in navigating the social services system.







get services















adult day program
an individualized program for training, socialization, and recreation.













personal assistance
one-on-one assistance in gaining access to community resources such as recreational, social, spiritual and educational opportunities.










low income housing
housing opportunities to low income people with disabilities who are capable of independent living.













supported employment
vocational training and support for people with developmental and other disabilities to work at private and governmental locations.










youth career exploration
we work with minors with disabilities to explore vocational training in preparation for graduation














 































the arc of hilo
1099 waianuenue ave.
hilo, hi 96720-2019















phone




(808) 935-8534 










phone




contact us 










facebook




follow us 











need services?












 






service inquiry


name(required)


first



last

agewhat are you interested in?(required)

youth transition - career exploration program


supported employment - placement and coaching


personal attendant services


residential low-income housing


commercial services – free bid


other
best way to contact youphoneemailemail(required)

phone(required)commentscaptcha
 










 




































© 2021 the arc of hilo. all rights reserved. the arc of hilo is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization | privacy









 































skip to content



open toolbar

 




accessibility tools



increase text 



decrease text 



grayscale 



high contrast 



negative contrast 



light background 



links underline 



readable font 




reset










