





just crossstitch magazine 





































already a print or digital subscriber?



 





not a subscriber?click here to find out more!






				your browser is outdated. upgrade to a modern browser to better experience this site.
			


your browser has turned off or is blocking javascript.
if you are using a content blocker, check to see that you have not globally turned off javascript.
if you have turned it off manually in your browser, please enable it to better experience this site.






subscription center






















log-in information

subscriber log-in
newsstand log-in

cross-stitch essentials

from our readers
note from the editor
current issue
favorite finds
floss conversion charts

shopping

top 20 patterns
new patterns
shop annie's
give a gift

stitch guide
customer service

manage my account
offers from unauthorized agencies

more information

revisions & updates
store owner information
advertising
designer guidelines



follow us on ...






















featured in our spring issue
be unique
design by svitlana hrybach of xfreestitch
stand tall like this extraordinary bird and embrace your creative voice, celebrating what ... 



featured in our spring issue
beneath the skeleton moon
artwork adapted for cross stitch by les petites croix de lucie
satisfy your craving for spooky stitching with this peculiar project. with a theme that's ... 



featured in our spring issue
bluebirds & blooms
artwork adapted for cross stitch by les petites croix de lucie
you know it's springtime when the air is filled with the sweet, melodic chirping of birds, ... 



featured in our spring issue
brimming with blossoms
designs by rhona norrie of tangled thread and things
brew up a delightful dose of stitching fun with this coordinating floral teapot and teacup ... 



featured in our spring issue
christmas cookie house & mini cutouts
designs by tracy richards of wrought iron stitching
stitch these festive gingerbread-inspired ornaments for your christmas ... 



featured in our spring issue
fragrant path
design by barbie laux of twisted willow designs
with its lovely palette and nearly full coverage in full cross stitches, this beautiful ... 



featured in our spring issue
garden bunny
design by anastasiia slavina
worked in four lovely pastel shades of full cross stitches, this whimsical bunny design is ... 



featured in our spring issue
gnome sayin'?
design by amy grafe of color me amy xstitch
this little gnome is holding court on his mushroom throne, his punny twist to a common ... 



featured in our spring issue
he has risen!
design by frony ritter of frony ritter designs
embrace the hope of easter with this beautiful design that features a message that ... 



featured in our spring issue
hoppity easter
design by jennifer j. redmond
this adorable bunny and chick duo will happily assist you in your easter decorating, ... 



featured in our spring issue
irish blessing
design by kim beamish
stitch this heartfelt message of goodwill, creating a project that's perfect for display ... 



featured in our spring issue
mini sampler series: spring
design by carrie powell of curious carrie designs
decorate your home year-round with this unique series of designs. throughout 2025, each ... 



featured in our spring issue
nature's journey: spring
design by katerina holan of sprouting lupine
watch the ever-changing beauty of nature unfold as each season brings new colors and ... 



featured in our spring issue
procraftinating
design by sunny lofstrom of three tiny owls
avoiding responsibilities or delaying something else in favor of crafting? absolutely! now ... 



featured in our spring issue
quaker posies
design by elisabeth jenkins baty of cochineal & indigo
blend the timeless charm of quaker-style motifs with the subtle beauty of variegated floss ... 



featured in our spring issue
retro tech
designs by kathleen berlew
do you remember the days of rotary phones and black-and-white television? celebrate the ... 



featured in our spring issue
signs of spring
designs by tracy richards of wrought iron stitching
you'll appreciate the elegant simplicity of these stunning designs stitched with one ... 



featured in our spring issue
simple joy
design by chiara gavarone of mat and me design
just as this little bee finds joy, so too will you with this adorable, easy-to-stitch ... 



featured in our spring issue
spring crocus
design by linda jeanne jenkins
whether reflecting on the beauty of easter or welcoming the return of spring, our hearts ... 



featured in our spring issue
spring morning
design by charlene howard blank of tranquilitree designs
whether stitched as one impressive design or as individual mini treasures, this beauty is ... 






customer service
current issue
editor's note
shop annie's









 






current issue
favorite find












our spring issue

cover story:
spring refresh
one gorgeous stitch at a time

also featured:

project checklist
– nature's journey sal– mini sampler series– seasonal designs– easter project– & more





plus:

thread organization
the stitching community shares what works!


new print subscriptions |
						print gift subscriptions |
						renewals






dames of the needle


beautiful hand-dyed textiles, trims, finishing supplies and designs are what you will find from elizabeth talledo, owner and artist of dames of the needle, from the cauldron and fingerworks. gorgeous linen, rickrack and mini pompom trim as well as unique finishing products like the ruler tray used with the liberty design on page 34, are just of few of the many items offered for cross-stitch enthusiasts.
if you are looking for materials to make your next stitching project truly exceptional, make sure to browse the amazing assortment available on the dames of the needle etsy shop at www.etsy.com/shop/damesoftheneedle.


















cross-stitch essentials |
							needlework on the web |
							customer service |
							about us |
							shopping |
							more information |
							advertising


copyright © 2025. annie's. all rights reserved. | 
						privacy policy | 
						terms of use | 
						accessibility policy |
						do not sell my personal information










