


gambling advice & resources








learn how to win 
casino games, sports betting, lottery







 il dado is a great gambling guide with lots of information, helpful advice and many resources including game rules, how to play, how to win, tips and strategies on:
blackjack, 
roulette, 
poker |
baccarat, 
craps |
slots & videopoker, 
keno |
lottery & powerball, 
bingo |
other games |
sports betting |
horse racing |
greyhounds | - see advice and resources in the main menu on the right.
    il dado = the die 
 feature of the week
(weekly selections, refreshed every weekend)
* gambling advice tip

baccarat. avoid standoff or tie bets altogether.
     * top online casino

everygame casino - everygame offers everything you look for in an online casino, games, bonuses and promotions.
     * top gambling information link

the wizard of odds - provides mathematically correct strategies and information for nearly every casino game in existence, as well as general gambling help and advice.
     * utility

quotables - daily quotes.

      hot spots
press release - casino promotions
     lottery results - international
     roulette table layout - various tables and layouts
     gambling articles - advice and tips
     top 5 online casinos - top popular online casinos
     land casino reviews - 200 casinos in 40 countries, visited, reviewed and rated by  jacob kanzen, editor of ildado.com
     casino jobs - recruitment in the gaming industry
     free games - play free casino games online on site - no need to download: blackjack, roulette, slots, aussie pokies slots, video poker, baccarat, caribbean stud poker, lotto, bingo.

      directories
land casinos: usa - 
uk - london | world
bingo halls: usa - uk | other
casino dealer schools: usa - europe - uk | other
 ask the editor
have a question? ask me via: 
     email at admin@ildado.com, or
	      use the online form.

      gambling addiction
don't let gambling be a problem. if you are not able to walk out of a casino with some money left in your pocket, then you may have a problem. this is a sure sign of gambling addiction and you may need help.
     see the "20 questions" at gamblers anonymous addictive gambling info site to assess if you are a compulsive gambler.
     also, visit begambleaware for information on responsible gambling, how gambling works and how to recognise a problem. (both links will open a new window when clicked.)

 visitors' comments
"this is one of the most comprehensive gaming sites i have seen."
"very useful. easy to read and to the point of each game. there is no magic bullet set out there for you to dream to be rich."
"a great bingo hall locator.  have you considered listing the halls by city instead of using the name of the hall? just a suggestion; still the best site i've found. thanks"
"you guys have everything i need."
"thank you for the most exciting, fun and entertaining slot
games anywhere."
"found this site by accident best thing i have done lateley very informative well written great hints and tips by seasoned pro's well pleased"
"i would simply like to thank you for the information on this site. it helped answer a question i could not find the answer to on the lottery website."
 editor's note

this is the gambling information site with lots of resources and useful advice to help you succeed in being a winner, with frequent updates thanks to your helpful feedback. stay tuned! - jacob kanzen, editor

     back to top


the martingale system xvisit kanzen.comwinning at rouletteby jacob kanzen





cryptoslots





cryptowins

slotlandfree slotspromotionplay free win cash




advice
winning games
top tips
do
don't
systems
extras
resources
land casinos
online casinos
live poker sites
sport betting
casino terms
bingo halls
lottery results
extras
facilities
search il dado
contact il dado
about il dado
extras
* home
        all about...
blackjack
roulette
poker
craps
slots
baccarat
keno
lottery
bingo
sports betting
horse racing
dog racing
other games



search il dado







powered by freefind







gambling guide il dado

email: admin@ildado.com (jack)

website address: www.ildado.com

* home . privacy . disclaimer . help . link to us
for contact information, see facilities in the 'main menu' on the right margin.you are on ildado.com domain. if you are caught inside a 'frame' of another domain, click here to break out.
copyright © see copyright notice.



