







 



home - base products corporation














































1-800-554-1426 
sales@basepump.com



facebook




x


  





facebook




x



  
 
 










products

basepump

how basepump works
basepump ez and pro
basepump commercial
installation
backflow prevention
faq


hygienicaire

details
faq


aquabag instant sandbag

instructions


automatic water shutoff system
washing machine flood hose


homeowners

faq
testimonials


buy online
dealers

find a dealer
become a dealer/installer


literature
about us

contact us
blog


 





select page


  
 



 



 

















base products 
							the professional’s choice 
							considering the potential damage that can happen from even a small amount of water on the basement, bathroom, or kitchen floor, can you really afford not to have protection? 
							view our products 
							 


base products 
							the professional’s choice 
							considering the potential damage that can happen from even a small amount of water on the basement, bathroom, or kitchen floor, can you really afford not to have protection? 
							view our products 
							 


base products 
							the professional’s choice 
							considering the potential damage that can happen from even a small amount of water on the basement, bathroom, or kitchen floor, can you really afford not to have protection? 
							view our products 
							 

































prevent water damage now!
this is one of the biggest problems facing a homeowner. it is often caused by:

basement flooding.
sump pump failure. 
power failure.
ruptured water pipes.
overfilling toilets, sinks, etc..
malfunctioning ice maker, dishwasher, etc..

we can’t prevent all flooding or other water damage, but we have solutions to help prevent sump pump overflow and other types of basement flooding and water damage. here are some items we offer and now is the time to use them. or, you can wait till you’re up to your knees in ice cold water!

basepump water-powered backup sump pumps.
waterblock automatic excess water flow shutoff valves.
aquabag instant sandbags.
mold stain prevention and cleaning products.






our mission





we are dedicated to using current technology, time-proven principles, and high quality, long lasting materials, in order to design new and better solutions in the flood prevention industry. our goal is to design and package products that include as close to everything the installer needs as possible, saving you time and money. our integrity and reputation are on the line every time a product goes out of our door. we answer to you, our customer, and ultimately to god, who is the highest authority.



considering the potential damage that can happen from even a small amount of water on the basement, bathroom, or kitchen floor, can you really afford not to have protection?
need a quick review of prices? click the button below to see our products page.





find the right solution



view our products









we’ve been in business for over 20 years

we are in our 21st year in business and we continue to be a company dedicated to the manufacture and distribution of premium flood prevention products, especially basement flood prevention.

about us







free basement evaluation checklist
click the "free checklist" button to receive a free basement evaluation checklist to use as a guide to protecting your basement from flood damage. this is a worksheet designed for you, the homeowner, to put the important information regarding your basement onto one sheet and to use it as a guide for risk management.



free checklist





click here to download free basement evaluation checklist



 







 our mailing / shipping address
base products corporation
265 mayville avenue
kenmore ny 14217

hosting by 


 get in touch
 toll free 1-800-554-1426
 local (716) 876 5206
fax (716) 876-5211
email sales@basepump.com

 open office hours
monday – friday
8:30 am – 1:00 pm
eastern standard time (est)

 






facebook




x




copyright © 2024 base products corporation. | powered by: link2city.com | miami seo experts
  

 
 
 




(716) 876 5206


 

























