





find foreclosed homes for sale | latest foreclosure listings


































buy foreclosed houses.we have more than 1.5 million properties available for you!






home
contact us
español
 login
 create account
close menu




 

find foreclosed homes for sale








search









foreclosures in top cities

atlanta, ga
denver, co
las vegas, nv
san antonio, tx
bronx, ny
detroit, mi
los angeles, ca
san diego, ca
brooklyn, ny
houston, tx
miami, fl
san francisco, ca
chicago, il
indianapolis, in
orlando, fl
seattle, wa
dallas, tx
jacksonville, fl
 







latest foreclosure homes near me






 $349,999



chicago


 cook, il 60617									

beds: 4
baths: 3










 $129,900



philadelphia


 philadelphia, pa 19124									

beds: 3
baths: 1










 $47,900



cleveland


 cuyahoga, oh 44108									

beds: 3
baths: 1










 $260,000



las vegas


 clark, nv 89115									

beds: 3
baths: 2










 $312,000



miami


 dade, fl 33150									

beds: 4
baths: 2













most active states

alabama foreclosures
alaska foreclosures
arizona foreclosures
arkansas foreclosures
california foreclosures
colorado foreclosures
connecticut foreclosures
delaware foreclosures
florida foreclosures
georgia foreclosures
hawaii foreclosures
idaho foreclosures
illinois foreclosures
indiana foreclosures
iowa foreclosures
kansas foreclosures
kentucky foreclosures
louisiana foreclosures
maine foreclosures
maryland foreclosures
massachusetts foreclosures
michigan foreclosures
minnesota foreclosures
mississippi foreclosures
missouri foreclosures
montana foreclosures
nebraska foreclosures
nevada foreclosures
new hampshire foreclosures
new jersey foreclosures
new mexico foreclosures
new york foreclosures
north carolina foreclosures
north dakota foreclosures
ohio foreclosures
oklahoma foreclosures
oregon foreclosures
pennsylvania foreclosures
rhode island foreclosures
south carolina foreclosures
south dakota foreclosures
tennessee foreclosures
texas foreclosures
utah foreclosures
vermont foreclosures
virginia foreclosures
washington foreclosures
washington dc foreclosures
west virginia foreclosures
wisconsin foreclosures
wyoming foreclosures









most active cities

albuquerque, nm foreclosures
atlanta, ga foreclosures
birmingham, al foreclosures
bronx, ny foreclosures
brooklyn, ny foreclosures
charlotte, nc foreclosures
chicago, il foreclosures
dallas, tx foreclosures
denver, co foreclosures
detroit, mi foreclosures
el paso, tx foreclosures
houston, tx foreclosures
indianapolis, in foreclosures
jacksonville, fl foreclosures
las vegas, nv foreclosures
little rock, ar foreclosures
los angeles, ca foreclosures
memphis, tn foreclosures
miami, fl foreclosures
milwaukee, wi foreclosures
mobile, al foreclosures
orlando, fl foreclosures
philadelphia, pa foreclosures
pittsburgh, pa foreclosures
phoenix, az foreclosures
tampa, fl foreclosures
san antonio, tx foreclosures
san diego, ca foreclosures
san francisco, ca foreclosures
seattle, wa foreclosures









most active counties

bay, mi
blount, tn
broward, fl
cherokee, ga
clark, nv
collier, fl
collin, tx
cook, il
dade, fl
fayette, ga
floyd, ga
gwinnett, ga
harris, tx
hidalgo, tx
lake, fl
marion, fl
monroe, mi
newton, ga
orange, fl
osceola, fl
palm beach, fl
pasco, fl
queens, ny
saint johns, fl
santa clara, ca
seminole, fl
tarrant, tx
trumbull, oh
wayne, mi
westchester, ny









your number one resource for foreclosed homesnow you can access the most comprehensive listings of foreclosed homes for sale available anywhere with our exclusive, easy to use search tools. whether you are a first time homebuyer, next time homebuyer, beginning real estate investor, or a seasoned foreclosure investment professional, you will find the right foreclosure houses, apartments and condos that you need at foreclosuredeals.com.all types of foreclosure homes
foreclosuredeals.com brings you the most accurate listings of foreclosed properties through our huge and up-to-date database. we know you want access to all types of foreclosure homes for sale. that's why we generate lists of cheap houses, distressed properties, bank owned reo homes, repo homes, foreclosure short sales and more.
try our listings of government foreclosures, which include freddie mac foreclosures, fannie mae foreclosures, fha homes, hud houses, va foreclosures and tax lien foreclosures. foreclosure investing is easy, and you may even be eligible for a housing tax credit by buying a foreclosure.
information on government foreclosures and bank foreclosures is also available, and you can save thousands by buying such homes.find foreclosure listings - accurate and fresh
you want to see it all, so we deliver over 1 million foreclosure listings from across the country. you want to find foreclosure listings before anyone else does, so we update our listings of homes in foreclosure every single day from multiple public, private, government, and corporate sources.easy to use
you don't have time to learn a complicated system, but you do need accurate search results. that's why we've created a simple point and click system that allows you to easily find foreclosure homes. search by state, county, city, and zip code. plus you can easily apply custom filters to focus your search on exactly what you want.tools and resources
we provide you with a vast library of educational resources and tips for beginners as well as seasoned experts, including information about buying procedures, foreclosure laws by state, foreclosed homes and foreclosure auctions. learn how to calculate costs and income potential to get the most value out of your foreclosure property investment.









latest mortgage rates


type
last week
today
change



5/1 year arm
6.86%
6.88%
0.003%

15 year fixed mortgage
7.1%
7.14%
0.006%

30 year fixed mortgage
7.83%
7.99%
0.020%














testimonials
if you're curious about or customers' opinions read below the 4 testimonials about our foreclosure listings service: overall rating: 4.5 of 5.






kristian peter - san franciso, ca     4.0


"foreclosuredeals.com was extensively useful in a time where finding legit and reasonable foreclosures was limited. after fishing through a number of bogus websites, i was pleased that foreclosuredeals.com provided me with what i needed as well as detailed info on the foreclosure process as a whole."





tara skinner - hallandale, fl     5.0


"as a homebuyer, the process can be a complicated and discouraging one. upon discovering foreclosuredeals.com, i was glad to not only find that it gave me access to an endless list of properties, but the listings were very professional and detailed; the learning center was also a great resource for all my inquiries."





angela guilford - miami, fl     4.0


"good site to navigate! i don't use the computer much and have had trouble navigating sites in the past. i'm very new to the internet, so i wanted to give the internet one more chance and help me with my home buying experience. i got to this site from google and saw that it gave me a fast option to already choose where i wanted to look. i spent time looking and even got to see helpful tips and blogs about the latest news."





david rich - atlanta, ga     5.0


"i have to say that foreclosure deals came through for me! the customer service guided me and gave me quick responses to my question. finding a home takes long but is never organized, but as a member of the site deals made it a priority to make my experience a very easy and well planned one."




would you like to submit a testimonial about our services? fill out the testimonial form and submit your review today!



























foreclosure deals
helping you find the best foreclosure homes and investment opportunities since 1998.


company

about us
login
contact us
register
sitemap 


location
12550 biscayne blvd, 202, north miami, fl 33181







privacy policy
terms & conditions


© 1998 - 2025 all rights reserved.
















































































