






welcome - ziggy's glass











































0800 651 444


mon-fri, 8am-5pm, sat 8-10:30am, closed sundays contact for work


 


 welcome automotive glass  double glazing replacements kitchen glass new installations   contact us about us 

 
    

a




m




 welcome automotive glass  double glazing replacements kitchen glass new installations   contact us about us 
  book appointment












 
ziggy’s glass


ziggys, masterton



locally owned
we offer a full range of glass installation, repairs, and services please contact us for a quote. contact us
 


 

kitchen glass
welcome to our shop
glass backsplash: a glass backsplash can reflect light and add a sleek, contemporary look to your kitchen. show more



find us
masterton shop 
 



auto glass
 insurance work is welcome.  we take care of the paperwork for you.  free pickup and delivery  we can pick up and deliver at your home or work.  mobile service  on-site repairs, again at home or work.  novus glass  peace of mind that your vehicle is being serviced by reputable repairers. call us ph: 06-377-7667


 

replacements
our dedicated workshop for windscreen replacements browse catalogue

 

crack repairs
repair cracks and gouges.  browse catalogue

 

not just cars
trucks, vans, boats, we repair them all browse catalogue



design
double glazing
    show more

whatever you are trying to achieve, whether it’s keeping your home warm or cool, trying to reduce noise, uv or sun or even increasing security? our performance glass can help select the right low e double glazing that delivers the right level of performance of what you are looking to achieve. so you can enjoy a more comfortable home. contact us


  



latest project on kitchen design


glass countertops can be customized to any size and shape and come in a variety of colors and finishes.

a glass backsplash can reflect light and add a sleek, contemporary look to your kitchen. show more





out door glass


add to your outdoor life with glass. see more
 

 
 
 



get in touch! 

links
welcome glass windscreens contact us about us

contact us


call us
+64-6-377-7667


visit us
119 lincoln road, masterton 5810, wairarapa.


message us
sales@ziggys.co.nz automotive@ziggys.co.nz gareth@ziggys.co.nz simon@ziggys.co.nz




site map.  home glass windscreen contact us 

sites of interest. https://novus.co.nz/  https://metroglass.co.nz/ 

contact ziggys. email: automotive@ziggys.co.nzemail: sales@ziggys.co.nzemail: simon@ziggys.co.nz free phone: 0800 651 444ph: +64-6-377-7667119 lincoln road, masterton 5810, wairarapa.

search.

 search for:     














