































trusted information on back pain and neck pain | spine-health



























      skip to main content
    








spine-health home



          subscribe
        






 search the site 



search










 

 









conditions









arthritis


chronic pain


degenerative disc disease


herniated disc


lower back pain


neck pain


osteoporosis


sciatica


spinal stenosis


all conditions




treatment









alternative care


artificial disc replacement


back surgery


chiropractic


injections


pain management


pain medication


physical therapy


spinal fusion


all treatments




wellness









ergonomics


exercise


massage therapy


nutrition, diet, and weight loss


sleep


stop smoking


all wellness




videos







back






















impact-site-verification: 046bb69c-9127-423a-aeb3-d74ea2760105
1443198



                  featured health topics
      
  














                peer-reviewed article
      

causes of lower back pain 


low back pain causes typically include muscle strain, ligament sprain, disc problems, joint dysfunction, and nerve root irritation.



















                peer-reviewed video
      

sciatica treatment video 


sciatica treatments will vary depending on whether the pain is in its early stages or if it is chronic.
















                peer-reviewed article
      

exercise ball therapy for lower back pain relief


discover how an exercise ball can be effective for back pain rehabilitation, enhancing strength, stability, and flexibility.














chiropractic treatments for lower back pain


chiropractic care relieves lower back pain through spinal adjustments and manipulation techniques.













what is a chiropractor?













chiropractic services
















what to expect at your first chiropractic visit video













                  spotlight on your health
      
  

















                peer-reviewed video
      

sciatica causes and symptoms video


sciatica is leg pain caused by a problem in the low back. watch an animated video that details the causes and symptoms of sciatica.



















                peer-reviewed video
      

lower back pain causes and symptoms video


chronic pain in the lower back may be caused by the discs or the joints of the spine.



















                peer-reviewed video
      

lumbar herniated disc video


a herniated disc in the lumbar spine can put pressure on spinal nerve roots, causing pain in the lower back or legs.



















                peer-reviewed video
      

spinal motion segment: l5-s1 animation


the l5-s1 spinal motion segment, also called the lumbosacral joint, serves as the transition between the lumbar and sacral regions of the spine in the low back. 













      latest
  











anterior cervical corpectomy: the procedure













struggling with forward head posture? here's how to fix it video













got a stiff neck? quick fixes to get you back to normal video













lumbar spinal fusion surgery animation













      health solutions from our sponsors
  











take the chronic pain quiz













relieve your chronic low back pain with the intracept™ procedure













undergoing spinal fusion? bone growth therapy can help
























health information (sponsored)


take the chronic pain quiz
learn how bone growth therapy can help you
suffering from lumbar spinal stenosis? obtain long term pain relief
the new treatment for chronic low back pain you need to know








advertisement












subscribe to the veritas health newsletter now to get our free guide to lumbar spine surgery.





        subscribe
      



















more from veritas health

vh site list



        spine-health      



        arthritis-health         





        sports-health         










spine-health resources

footer



        accessibility      



        authors      



        blog      



        education centers (sponsored)      



        en español      



        find a spine center      






 

 

 






about veritas health

vh footer



        about us      



        advertising and sponsorship guidelines      



        awards      



        careers      



        contact us      



        editorial process      



        privacy policy      



        terms of use      






this site is for educational purposes only; no information is intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice. the information is produced and reviewed by over 200 medical professionals with the goal of providing trusted, uniquely informative information for people with painful health conditions.
© 1999-2025 veritas health, llc. all rights reserved.
veritas health, llc, 520 lake cook road, suite 350, deerfield, il, 60015









