





lifesave(original-index) [lifesave.org]


lifesave.org  
--   biological research &
education consortium on human
(and
animal) health - utah, usa , int'l





- lifesave international -
lifesave
biological research & education.




  





  
not enough
flesh? - or too much exhaust?

the state and utah's ihc medicine want you to believe that nursing
infants are not harmed by carbon monoxide - but because they don't have
animal flesh, fluids, or ova in the family's refrigerator or rotting inside
their nursing mother!
gassingamerica.com, licensetokill.us, danielinthelionsden .us  & familyvsstate.us














for self help & group support go to carbonmonoxideawareness.org







  







  
fluoride - not for animals, plants or man


friends of ktkk radio and the mills crenshaw show:

     for
you who are genuinely interested in actual and effective truth about
fluoridation, i am in the process of restoring my web pages with my own
universities' (multiple), ava, national academy of science,  etc
documents which i used to educate the members of no less than 5
communities who wisely requested my knowledge, listened to me, shared
my knowledge, experience and data, so successfully kept fluoride out of
their water.  


     this link: citizensforsafedrinkingwater.org/csdwutah.htm will
now work -- but you might continue here for a brief moment to hear my
frustration with my very own city, bountiful utah, being fluoridated
while i was away successfully preventing santa monica california from
being fluoridated again!




     i could not get through to those activists here in utah, where they (dr
flack, etc) focused only on human damage; which is too subtle, latent (slow)
and can be misdiagnosed, covered up and is not as evident to the
common people, so in those areas of their (jealously guarded,
faithfully parroted) influence, they lost their battles and ended up
leaving those communities to be fluoridated anyway.  



     i tried to convince dr mack flack, clinton miller,
dr david kennedy, jeff green, ken howard, dr paul connett, david hansen
and everyone else in davis county and utah's anti-fluoride cabal,
who focused on human damage only, that their track record of success
was already proven as poor, and that in only arguing human damage --
since fluoride damage in sweat gland (w/ halide purging pumps) privileged human beings is less,
latent, subtle, easily cloaked and profitably misdiagnosed and
mistreated by ama-hhs medicine anyway -- and the streets are not
littered with the bodies of victims in those cities, just like brigham
city, which have been fluoridated for decades -- so they (dr flacks "human damage" focused associates) made it
easy for beth beck and her davis county pro-fluoride pawns and state
health department industrial-waste collaborators to easily mock and
refute the unfortunately, too proud to learn, myopic humans, dr flack
team. 



     and as you see by their loses in davis county and
everywhere, unfortunately their egos and pride interfered, hence they
deliberately ignored me - even belittled me, my experience and data! --
so dr flack, clinton, dr kennedy, ken, everyone of them, lost
in my very own city of bountiful and county of davis, while in their (well paid)
same ineffectual moments in utah, i was in santa monica
california (on my own dime) at the request of that more humble,
teachable, pet, fauna (squirrels, birds and fish) and environment
(flora) loving metropolitan (surprise, even without cattle, they got
it) community -- and i, teaching them, succeeded in stopping fluoridation
of them, their pets and reverenced community creatures again (as i had
done before)!   



     the track record proves; 


          if you argue human only! you lose!   

          if you argue animals (be it
livestock, pets or community fauna), agriculture (especially city water
dependent gardening) including community flora, using my data, you win!
     -- that is my mo and track record! -- dr flack and all of you should have made it yours!

         [narcissism disposes involuntary suicide for its adherents - in the end! - while 

         teachable selflessness establishes the opportunity for all to flourish - immediately!]


     -- oh yes woods cross (and the bountiful city
1st e 10th s well) put special spigots on their well-heads for me (and
for my few intelligent friends) to access un-fluoridated water at their
wells near me here!



      please return as i find the time to upload and
re-link what was deleted from the web servers as i had no support and
not enough personal funds left to maintain those server and domain
fees, and since the battles were lost by the ego-centric humans for the
time being.  and as families came to me to save their children from
other poisoning deaths and the state, i have had to focus my meager resources, as you can see,
on another deliberate well hidden insult to the human family: carbon
monoxide, formaldehyde, and the other combustion voc's poisoning
directly affecting 34 million and in its medical protocols cover-up, affects nearly
everyone else in the usa -- and you are kept clueless about it!!! (see gassingamerica.com, licensetokill.us, danielinthelionsden.us,  familyvsstate.us).



      i also prevented an innocent pest control
technician from going to prison as i proved in federal court
preparations (also commenced while i was in dc) that he did not cause (as alleged)
the february 7 & 9, 2010 deaths of two precious toone family children of layton,
inside their home, with his outdoors application of a rodenticide, fumatoxin; but in
fact, malfeasant bureaucracy, industry and medicine did!  innocent cole nocks (ray
wilson owner of "bug-man pest control" and even federal judge benson)
is grateful for my unselfishly provided knowledge and labor in their behalf. 
    sadly you, some of other our fact-resistant fellows and
the
public have been prevented from knowing, acting with, and benefiting
from the truth (which i know, but am viscously resisted), be it
deliberate carbon monoxide or fluoride (to dumb you down and eliminate
you and your offspring!
 -- so you and all are being poisoned without facts, being kept
from having any  fully educated choice, and being profited from in
your ignorance, morbidity and death!

     when read (finish reading the next few paragraphs
to get the needed overview) open this link to my main page for davis
county and all utah
citizensforsafedrinkingwater.org/csdwutah.htm

     this was formerly linked out of my old "mother" site on fluoride known
as: "waterandlife.org" (which over the years i could not continue to afford), which i
initially put together for my california and utah friends and did effect
the rejection of fluoridation in santa monica ca, white city, woods
cross, tooele, (and others in and out of the state of utah).  try
all links inside (feel fee to call me or email me to report dead links), then come back in a few days as i continue to restore the data and links from here.



      also bookmark this lifesave.org
site to come back to as i proceed in restoring access to all that i had published
that successfully turned the minds of residents and city councils
against their proposals of mass fluoridation!



      much information from others is still available on
my old national page, which i put together originally (and maintained)
for jeff green (keepersofthewell.com) in san diego
citizensforsafedrinkingwater.org



     many of its links do work and some of my data is still available there right
now. please bear with me as i try to restore any workable links and data, and in the
posting here and below, including "12 reasons not to fluoridate city water"which
i had initially written specifically for the santa monica city council,
but had posted notice and link below, first for barbara jean, former
"born on the fourth of july" host
of ktkk about 6 years ago then (modified) for de vona's saint george radio show 2  years ago.  
the link to "12 reasons..." now works



     you will never buy into the fluoridation lie again
after understanding that one single writing that locked fluoride out of
those listening, hence completed knowledge empowered and benefited communities. so please return, as i rebuild. 
it will be worth your trip back; i guarantee it!


    thomas l rodgers


    801-298-9095 (any time)


    please feel free to call for more information or to
challenge me anytime. truth is my happiness, and is the assuring fire,
warming the peaceful life, intelligence and spirit in my being!

tlr - 4/11/13, 4/14/13 


water and life
added for de vona's radio show -- fluoride discussion today, 26 feb 2011 
open and read this page 
12 reasons not to fluoridate city water
this letter of mine prevented
the city council of santa monica california from approving fluoridation
of their water while i was there.
it, with my supporting documents, also prevented white city, woods cross utah and tooele utah from fluoridating their waters





sorry that most of the links inside that page are not working today  -- 




please return here as i am able to restore critical data from my old
website "water and life .org" which i had published in 2000 to 2004,
but lost because i could not afford the server fees (which i still
cannot afford) as i have done this labor on my own.

the old index page of water and life is just now posted (26 feb 2011 11:10am - just after de vona's show) 




open old index here: 
http://citizensforsafedrinkingwater .org/waterandlife/index.htm




since some links (on both pages above) will not be working yet  --
 you can call me and request specific pages or documents and i
would be happy to get them available here or to you directly in the
mean time. 




thomas l rodgers




801-298-9095




or email me: tom@tomrodgers.org or tom@lifesave.org

my
oldest working website, "lifesave.org" follows below.   i have
tried to let my expensive knowledge and hard gotten experience benefit
my family, friends, others and you.   though imperfectly
began and written in struggle as i was healing from my own
(inexcusable) biological folly (reversing terminal cancer, heart and
stroke paralysis, blindness, flat-line in sepsis), it ill
lead you to much of my efforts in the past 22 years - if you have
curiosity, intelligence and courage - which i hope you do.
tlr 5/14/13












  






lifesave - international 


...science, experience and wisdom for good health in the new millennium...

lifesave international is
a world invited consortium of humble, honorable men and women of
science,
research, education, and experience; exhibiting genuine and unselfish
desires
and efforts to expose, share and teach newly expanding knowledge and
truths
as best as can be currently found; for the benefit of all mankind, our
biosphere, and all life -- upon which we do all inter-depend. our own
lives,
our children and their children, earth, and all nature is in our
trust!--we
can no longer act in ignorance; blind and insensitive to the pain and
death
we are inflicting upon the earth and upon ourselves!--we must now see
outside
of ourselves; learning to understand, respect, and protect all life and
our earth. we, with all life, must be permitted to flourish together in
nature's wise partnership; in its concert of delicate balance; or we
are
all diminished and destroyed with it. take courage, make intelligent
change
now, benefit from this gathering and expanding of knowledge; to the
protection
of our own lives, all life -- your life! 




















  



















  



















  



















  



















  



















  



















 
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
       









photo:
my grandchildren exploring their earth and their future. tlr









 



















  



















 
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
we
prove the truth in
human nutritional
biology - the best foods and ways to nourish the human body - how
diseases
establish within the human body - and how to prevent or avoid those
diseases
- and the best way to reverse those diseases once contracted or
established.

we
freely teach and lecture in university, educational, professional,
civic,
public, and private settings and in friends or family gatherings, no
matter
how large, no matter how small!
















 








photo: 
my daughter and my happy and healthy vegan (true vegetarian) grand kids










lifesave
is a nonprofit research and education organization. we neither sell nor
promote any product, potions, paraphernalia, nor programs! our sole
labor
is to educate in what is real and true about your physiology and leave
you empowered over your own health!
beyond
an open mind, listening ear and willingness to consider and try the
information
we make open to you, your only obligation to us is your kindest
recognition
and simplest "thanks."  you do not become obligated, indebted,
part
of any sales down line, pyramid scheme, nor are made dependent upon us
or anyone. our  intent is to teach you correct understanding
that
will empower you to be responsible for you!











if
you desire to hear from us, arrange for lectures or presentations
and/or
to share with us your health challenges, experiences or successes, we
would
appreciate contact from you. please email us at lifesavein@aol.com,
lifesave@lifesave.org
or call us at phone no. 801-298-9095 (caller id is displayed/required)
fax 801-294-2970 0r send us your phone number (we never give it out to
anyone else), and we are willing to call you. 
please
also note that we are in process of building this website and adding
more
links to make volumes of information available. however while we are
laboring
in many other current tasks (like keeping a roof over our head and food
on our table), this will take some time. so feel free to check with us
for our lecture possibilities or pursue any issue with us by e-mail,
phone
or fax.  thank.











 









photo:
      (camping
in my old van -- next to beach in santa monica) my
youngest son
is at peace and dreaming!- as should be the right of every child and
being!
-- he, with all my family is the reason for my living. preserving their
lives and their world with their future is my responsibility and
obligation!
but to accomplish that, i need you! -- and for everyone's children, we
all need to help each other! dan
is now laboring and donating his efforts to benefit humanity in paraguay








.








lifesave.org
pages:











pathogen
load 
immune
systems loosing battle 
cholesterol
- what you have not been told!
cholesterol
and war 
violenceabusecholesterol
- hormonalconfusion (including gender)
energy
load of meat milk eggs & animal foods



these above articles were written
in 1994-5 while i was still  healing from my stroke damage. my
vision
was returning, motor skills were improving (from paralysis) and my
language
was struggled, but coming back from the near mute state left by my
stroke
damage. so there is imperfections in their composition and grammar, but
the core understanding is there. even so, these were published, as
requested
and as presented, by my wonderful friend in her health magazine anyway.
so please forgive the grammatical roughness, and study them through to
see the truth that i desperately tried to share -- to save my family,
friends
and others from suffering my same awful experience!  i will
try to
improve and rewrite then as time allows!

.   
.   
.    some transcription errors have occurred
as we have
moved older text formats into html for your web viewing, so some extra
letters or control characters show in the text of some of our pages, or
some links are not completing. please let me know of those problems you
may find. (our email)
they will
be fixed as possible; but in the meantime, please read around them as
best
you can and benefit from the information. please also forgive our
inexperience
in web page construction. we are learning in our mistakes! -- there are
lots of them as you can see! --  so thank you for your kindest
patience,
while we improve in this skill too.  tlr 




calendar 
or scheduleof
current associated activities
some
lifesave history
thanks
for tender hearts











lifesave.org
created associated subject sites:











adddepressionautism.org

memorytransfer.org
autoimmunedisease
zoonoses.org
(infectious bacterial, viral, parasitic diseases from animal)

whycancer.org

vaccinesornot.org

hormonehell.org
don't do steroids
waterandlife.us
(fluoride, more)

eatveg.org
. eatvegslc.org
. eatvegutah.org
eatvegparkcity

utahveg.org
. vegwest.org
. 
real
raw raw food reality
a 
friend's site: raw mormon
eco-village
vegancowboy(scientist).org

tomrodgers.org

ldsveg.org

dietdecisions.info

millennialchildren.org



"the doctor of the future
will give no medicine, but will interest the patient in diet, care of
the human frame, and the cause and prevention of disease."  
thomas a. edison 

video: tom rodger's lecture, richard & joyce kinmont's home (1996)
   

" milk, beef, honey & cnacer 
tom rodgers tell his story"

  

      
this 2½ hour  was recorded by richard & joyce kinmont (in 1996)

then posted in 15 min segments, sept 2010 on youtube.com by "bellteshazzar" -- our thanks for his kind labor.




.




 "lifesave.org"
author is 15 year "terminal" cancer survivor -- 
"relay
for life" -- june 2005, honored by mayor & beauty queens




















....




..




a powerful book about man's
righteous stewardship over his own appetite and all creation!








. 
the gate! access
your own healing millennium! see below




.







pesticides
and aggression -unv.
wisconsin study-intro
by tlrodgers- 
            localcache

(add,)
schizophrenia, autism and diet
-univ of florida 
.  localcache 
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            new!
- taking
the rah!-rah! out of the "raw foods" movement! --
removing the conjured fears and folly!
algae
spirulina seaweed warning (also
carrageenan)by
tlrodgers 

waterfactsutah
- chart by state of utah natural
resources div. of water
resources: learn why vegan?-to
really save water,
self and earth! 
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            new!
vitamin
b12,
what about it?












correspondence
of value on specific subjects or issues within e-mail or
other writings 
 these
are made available so you can
learn from them until formal pages are written and added on the
subjects.







honey
- a sweet delusion
liver
cleanses








new
page: during our serious draught (and
consequent fires), learn relationships between your personal choices
and
water - especially your food choices: waterfactsutah..(chart:
state of utah natural resources - div. of water resources) why
eat
vegan? - to save water, self and earth!









links
to friends and supportive sites:











univ
florida health info (neurological
disorders - [add]
schizophrenia autism) 
.  localcache

not
milk pages (robert cohen)

aspartame/msg
(david reitz) 
pure
food org (research
& publishing)

dr
lorraine day, m.d.(cancer& more)
veganoutreach.org

vegsource.com

pcrm.org(physicians
committee for responsible medicine)

vrg.org
vegetarian resource group

vegetarianbaby.com

michael
klapper, md 
john
mcdougall, md
william
harris md 
dr
ruth heidrich, phd 
madcoboy.com (howard
lyman) 
american
vegan society 
vegetarian
union of north america

jewishveg.com

dr
ann blake tracy, phd (sri's)











links
to friends and other sites:







--sites
which are supported by or may contain considerable commercialism and
may
promote some products which i could not
promote such as algae,
spirulina, kelp -- see: waterandlife.org/algae.htm 
or  most packaged nutrition or supplements -- but sites which do
contain much good information, excellent
ideas, resources
and some very handy tools (some which i wish i
could afford)! 
so always use your own discernment and caution -- knowing that much
presented
"truth" is designed to promoted a product -- which may or may not be
truly
necessary or beneficial!  always use your best instinct or
judgment
and discerning spirit ! -- even in that which i tell you! -- tlr




wheatgrasskits.com
-(kk)
rawfoods.com
soytoy.com
-(robert cohen)

















not
enough flesh? - or too much exhaust?





babies wrongfully taken from breasts of loving health conscious parents!!!





these
children and their families are not safe in this state's "protective" system!















family vs state

evidence
of true harm not ever entered!


the 
"smoking gun"

the
real baby killer!

 ignored
by the accusers & the law!






famous,
honored mormon tabernacle organist's

innocent lds
(vegan) family verses state child protective services,
an inept medical
establishment and the state's attorney at law.

 familyvsstate.us
this
family got their surviving child back because of my discovery and media
exposure of true cause and of the medical, bureaucratic and legal
fraud; but they have never yet been exonerated or given restitution for
the death and damages initiated in the courts.






another honorable lds vegan family harmed in manti utah

accused of harming their nursing child by not having flesh
as part of their family's diet -- instead of the state and ihc medicine
identifying and treating for the true cause of the baby and the whole family's illness
-- a hud manufactured home design error causing carbon monoxide to poison their infant & family through the entire winter! 

danielinthelionsdenofmantiutah.us

aka: deadlyfumes.us, gassingutah.us, gassingamerica.com

 precious infant daniel saved by us from his hud & utah state created fiery furnace!


the
faces of pain!!!  
teen screen "holocaust" in the usa!



















this child & her sister are
set up to die in state dcfs care!



















this site is a loving (jewish) mother's fight to save
her own flesh and blood from the molestation, abuse & drugging of
                  a
state (in the u.s.a.?) gone mad with medical
mind control of children!

does natzi germany's jew-maiming dr mengele
still live? and work in the courts of illinois dcfs? yes!
teenscreenhorror.org 
.  childrensholocaustusa.org
























__this
site's author was asked to run for state senate.

__please
support him in his caring efforts in this critical cause!

__your
personal lifestyle choices and family rights are at issue here too!













after
learning and acting on the above family vs state case, 

please
see the rest of our information and efforts below:









special thanks to brooke
adams, reporter for the salt lake tribune for her wonderful article:

"little sprouts" - 
pregnancy and raising children on a vegan diet. 
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      please
encourage and thank brooke (and stacey
nix univ. of utah nutrition, who she referenced ) for her kindly
positive
efforts in courageously publishing this article! her article helps
correct
seriously flawed public perceptions in truly healthy life choices,
particularly
for children. this information is in critical need,
especially  within
our  western meat focused economy with its over-advertised and
misinformed,
hence consequently unhealthy youth, families and communities -
including
many health professionals and educators. 

consider
sharing your personal and your
family's vegan health successes with brooke (and stacey) as
well. 





"little
sprouts" by
brooke adams, the salt lake tribune, family, wed. april 23,
2003 
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            success
responses: 1. joyce kinmont 
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            support
discussion and potluck  -  bountiful
public library, etc. and earthsave-slc
potluck & class














.








dear friends:

  
this site and and
all our other efforts have been provided and are paid for out of
personal
efforts and my already limited personal resources, including my wife
and
family's! they - with me - live most frugal, and go without much, so
this
information and labor can be made available to educate, encourage and
provide
benefit for you.  
   
several times
my family and i have had our utilities interrupted this winter, lived
in
a house at less than 60 degrees and scrimped on our food so we could
instead
keep these pages open, work without compensation and continue our
freely
given educational efforts made available to you.

   
i travel
and talk freely to you and your friends and families, often secure
facilities
and provide display and provide materials on my own dime (which should
be my family's instead), and sleep in my old 89 plymouth voyager even
in
brutal cold to save in my many miles traveled to share understanding
and
get help to you or anyone. 
   
so if you
are or have been benefited by these efforts -- especially you who have
been benefited over any part of these now near dozen years -- years in
which my wife, children have given up of our own even most basic human
needs or simplest of wants for your understanding and your health --
and
years in which your life may have been spared and medical treatment and
prescription costs have been saved. it would be wonderful to have your
help in any way. your help would be a gratefully accepted as some
repayment
for your health blessings and medical savings. so if you could help us
sustain this effort and let it and us continue to reach and benefit you
and others, even with your smallest of tangible contributed kindnesses,
it would ease my family's sacrifices, be carefully used, sincerely
appreciated
and bring benefit to many others. thank you,


thomas l rodgers, lifesave,
po box 304,  bountiful,
utah, 84011-0304  (ph. 801-298-9095 / cell 801-577-1845)






if
you are able to economically assist, please help me maintain this
personal
time and resource consuming effort - including this website effort
which
costs me $32 a month - to get healthy living information to you
& everyone
! 
i have
used all i have had of my own money which included thousands for
university/public
venues, state and county fair spaces, literature and photo copying
which
i purchased and made freely available for our vegan eating, human
health
and creature and earth compassionate stewardship messages to get out --
and currently to do diligence, discovery, advocacy, legal and political
battle nearly 2 yrs without pay for a bureaucracy, medicine and state
violated
innocent vegan family!
and now i
am dead broke, but cannot with my exact knowledge and personal healing
experience, in good conscience, with any peace of mind, quit! 
thanks
tlr





please
don't forget to express gratitude for any benefit you have received
from our sacrifice to inform you here. give your support & send
kind donations so we can keep this humble, but honorably
encouraging site open for others. click here: contributions 




















.








.    in
honor of mary and shirley! -- and my wife! --  my truly
grateful and
dependable friends and companions in this labor !
 please know of our modern
day wonderful but uniquely rare and "singular lepers" who have returned
back -- as did the one of old -- to show tangible gratitude to his
divine
master, and then help bring blessings to others! dear mary, with her
encouraging
shirley, has continued graciously helpful at my side now for several
years,
in return for our similar sharing of knowledge with her of healing
truth
and its lasting gift of health.  --  these pages of
life-blessing
information would not have been affordable for me, for my time, labor,
and the meager reaches of my own resources, to provide and make
available
to you -- nor would many of our other materials, travel and efforts
that
are provided freely for you be possible -- were it not for the truly
grateful
heart, loving spirit and generous soul of dear and dependable mary
mendenhall (with her supportive paul) (also with help of her
cc and
merrill), --  and that through the gentle encouragements
always given
with a widows "might" from her and our caring, loving, immutable and
"unsinkable" shirley
norsworthy. this is all with the supportive encouragement,
patience
and sacrifice of my
good wife!  - tlr 2002







our
hearts, worries and prayers go
to all men and women placed in harm's way in iraq and all other
theaters
of human conflict. may they individually and collectively be honorable,
alert, healthy, protect and be protected from unworthy and unjust harm.
and may they carry a spirit of compassion, just and humane management
and
peace to their opposing combatants, the innocent civilian families, the
animals and the environment in those theaters where they have been
demanded
to battle and to ultimately exert positive social and political
influence;
hopefully helping to establish greater freedom for all.
tar 3/26/03 
-----

we of the human species must
come to peace with creation 

before we will be able to
come to peace with each other. 







 
.




site's
author was asked to run for state senate












our
email   address: po box 304, bountiful utah
84011-0304  
phone (w/ caller id): 801-298-9095


 
visitors since counter reset.   page created 1 mar
2001 lifesave.org








schedule
-  of travel, presentations, classes and interviews
- for: 
vegancowboyscientist.org  . lifesave.org  . 
and other associated
efforts 
family
vs state









history: entries
temporarily maintained -- for contact resources, encouragement -- and
also
to demonstrate the quality of activities provided by our wonderful
friends,
organizers and participants .
      lifesavehistory.htm.









.









not
enough flesh? - or too much exhaust?

suppression
of truth for gain continues! - 5/15/05










baby
wrongfully taken and treated by medicine and state!!! after it
permitted
death of brother and blamed parents!

your influence and help is
needed!
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      health
conscious, pareve, vegetarian / vegan, integrative medicine, home
education,
healthy family choices & unity

- are
all put at risk - 

by ignorance,
adversarial family, neighbors & friends, erred medicine, child
protective
services, and the state legal system!










not
enough flesh? 

or too
much exhaust?

this child
and his family are not
safe in this state's
so-called "protective" system!
bogus
charge of "nutritional" neglect pressed, 



















separation, control and repression, 



















dcfs dependency prison demanded for life! 



















--- 
evidence of true harm not ever
entered! 
"oh yes, we will do it in retrial or
appeal!"  
$$$,$$$! 
[the empty promises of five defense lawyers]




















--- 
what happened to defense, truth and justice? 



















in utah, its babies for money, medicine and law! 
more
information
on healthy vegan family verses state child
protective services,
the medical establishment and the
law. 
family
vs state
















 
.



the 
"smoking gun"

the
real killer! 
 ignored
by the accusers

and
the law!




see press releases!
& petition! - now!
1.(national)
      prwire
by s allan
parents.
medical, municipal, state & co poisoning emphasis
1-a.latest
news on case

2.documentary
producer shaun monson,
los angeles
health
& lifestyle choice emphasis 
3.accounabilityutah
by d. newby
parental
rights & constitutional emphasis and your action!
4.petition,
prwire by s allan
petition gov. dcfs, pcmc,
courts
5.printable flier

6.ksltv
news legistative christmas visit
video clip 
6-a.ksltv
news text version

6-b.sltribune:
christmas protest

6-c.au/davehansen's
report

7.what
really happened! -(breif
overview) 
8. mom's
breast b12- baby's best supply! & matthew's
mri!
carbon
monoxide alarm & death police report - why was this
kept out of
defense??? 
go to
our next page for details: family
vs state





tlr










1




the
gate! 
open and access
your personal millennium! 
then help open
the lord's millennium for your children, grandchildren and all creation!

the gate is a comprehensive
collection of scripture, prophetic instruction, and honorable science;
all lighting the way into both your own personal millennial blessings
and
a world society's era of promised peace, healing, fullness of
knowledge,
freedom and happiness, as pointed toward and petitioned from us by our
heavenly father, his son, our savior, his prophets and all honorable
mankind
and creatures since creation!

carefully
compiled
and presented by kk fowlkes, "the gate" is available for you to freely
read on line -- or is obtainable in paper back book form.

go to thegate.us,
(or kkfowlkes.org)
also access through
the wordofwisdom.org





1









tlr   memorytransfer.org   memorytransferpreview.htm   memorytransferpreviewreduced.htm    memorytransferpreviewreducedmore.htm


