


the official kevin mccarthy website - welcome !




































































update 3/23/07
 

anthony hopkins has completed his new film about 
							fate, life & death, bearing the title slipstream. 
							mr. hopkins asked kevin to appear as himself, circa 
							50 years ago - in the body snatchers era.
  




 


stella & anthony 
								hopkins with kevin mccarthy 
 

the original screenplay was written by hopkins 
								who directed and composed the score as well!
 


lately, our man has been saying that he's thinking 
							about writing his memoirs. he's actually been 
							performing public readings, and making occassional 
							appearances of one kind or another -- here or there!
							

							as far as the new year is concerned,  have a good 
							one - or several! yours truly, kevin mccarthy
 

 










						***** 
want to be notified about future 
						kevin mccarthy happenings? join kevin's mailing list and 
						get the news right to your mail box! send a letter
						
here, with the subject: "join kevin mccarthy fan 
						club" send your fan letters here too!



							join us for news updates, film 
							chats and more on the kevin mccarthy 


message boards!



							we've tripled the size of mr. 
							mccarthy's photo gallery! three pages of pictures 
							from his personal scrap book  spanning his entire 
							career! 

*page-1*/*page-2*/*page-3*
 









 




 


		welcome!
hi there! welcome to the official web site for stage 
		and screen actor kevin mccarthy - best known for films such as invasion 
		of the body snatchers, the howling, twilight zone: the movie, and his 
		oscar nominated role in death of a salesman. as a stage actor, he has 
		performed his one-man show "give 'em hell, harry" (as harry truman) for 
		over 20 years, and has played the role in every state but alaska and 
		south dakota. in addition, he won an obie award for another play called 
		"harry outside" in 1975.  
here, you can learn more about the actor on his 
		 

biography page, browse his extensive 
		 

filmography, view kevin's collection of professional and 
		personal pictures in his  

gallery, join kevin and fans from all over the world on his 
		 

message boards, visit a whole bunch of related sites via his 
		 

links page, and even go
		

shopping for autographed goodies!
 
so, have fun exploring, and make sure to drop in at 
		the
		

message boards and say hello! enjoy! 


this site and all its contents ©2003, 2004, 
2005, 2006, 2007 kevin mccarthy. 
photos, sound clips and text are provided here solely for the 
enjoyment of the fans of kevin mccarthy, 
they retain their original copyrights and may not be in any way 
copied or sold. 

duplication of any kind requires prior permission from
 
kevin mccarthy.



web design 
by rocket city graphics
 


