

norton music, band-in-a-box improvement products (tools and toys) and much more







































use the menu bar directly below, or click me for the table of contents         |            search norton music 








 home
   ||    band-in-a-box
   ||    support
   ||    musicians toys & tools
   ||    misc
   ||    about & contact norton music




   
  home ... & ...what's new?      

   
  detailed table of contents      

   
  contact - e-mail norton music      




   
  free band-in-a-box song files      

   
  norton music single styles & style demos;    

   
  norton music style disks for band-in-a-box      

   
  free expanded style by norton music for biab      

   
  norton music fake disks for band-in-a-box      

   
  roy hawkesford style/fake disks for biab      

   
  jim wedd pro chord substitution disks for biab      

   
  david bailey fake disks for biab      

   
  sherry mayrent klezmer disk for biab      

   
  norton fancy general midi intro/ending disks      

   
  roll your own discount - save $$$$$
 (the more you buy the more you save)      

   
  unsolicited testimonials from norton users      

   
  real tracks vs. midi styles...why midi styles?      




   
  support files      

   
  f.a.q.      

   
  © copyright information      

   
  contact norton music      




   
  download sheet music      

   
  discounted printed fake books      

   
  discounted printed theory and improvisation books      

   
  discounted printed christmas song books      

   
  wx5 tips and tricks      

   
  tweaked voices for vl70-m turbo chip      

   
  freeware vl70-m voices      

   
  wx5/vl70-m mp3 clips      

   
  how to make and use backing tracks on stage      

   
  complete list of midi continuous controllers      




   
  the sophisticats       




   
  jokes      

   
  links      




   
  general info about norton music      

   
  norton music environmental policy      

   
  world famous...here is the proof      

   
  personal environmental page      

   
  privacy policy      

   
  no spam e-mailing list      

   
  contact norton music      






norton music,the #1 producer of band-in-a-box aftermarket products in the world,
		proudly presents...
		world famous power tools and toys... written by musicians... for musicians








new, free fake disk #2 upgrade   for all fd2 registered users
thousands of new styles have been added to biab since we first compiled this e-disk back in the 1990s. plus, we are much better at making these disks than we were back then.
	we spent well over a year revising this e-disk, assigning new styles, and doing many other things to make the chord progressions portray the songs more faithfully.
	it's a much better product now, and we are offering this update to you for free. why free? because we think it's the right thing to do.
how to get your free upgrade? (note: you must be a registered owner of fake disk #2)
	
e-mail norton music. put "free fake disk #2 upgrade" in the subject line
		include your current physical and e-mail address. if you have moved since you bought the disk, let me have that address too, and i'll update my records
		i'll check my records, and if i have you down as purchasing disk #2 from me, i'll e-mail the upgrade to you. (be sure to put my e-mail in your address book, so the anti-spam robots don't nuke it. i won't know it if they do.)
		please, be patient — i'm doing this by hand, one at a time, and i'm still a gigging musician. if it's been a couple of weeks since you asked, try again. sometimes e-mail gets lost.
	
i hope the update gives you endless hours of pleasure.
	
	


free expanded user style for band-in-a-box click me for your free style 
 free mp3 and band-in-a-box backing track 






norton music's user styles for band-in-a-box are recognized by music magazines, music educators, and musicians all over the world as the very best user styles available for band-in-a-box.
		 they make your music sound better
		 they make you sound better
		 they are more fun to play or sing along with
		 most parts are live entered for that live groove
		 they have been featured on commercial audio cd's, on radio and tv spots, on college textbook cd's, on songwriter demos, on web sites, in major trade magazines (like keyboard, electronics musician, jazz times, music and computers and many more)
 and have been enjoyed by musicians in over 100 countries in the world.


 more musicians use norton music styles in their band-in-a-box than all the other aftermarket brands combined. why? because they sound much better than the rest. so if you want to put a better band in your box, listen to the free demo files, and get some world famous norton music user styles and make the band jump out of your box!!!



norton music's band-in-a-box innovations
 norton music invented and implemented these innovations first, years before they were incorporated into the band-in-a-box program itself:
	norton was the first to substitute other instruments into the piano/guitar/strings patch inserting synths, saxes, brass and other instruments
		norton was the first to include "shots" in the styles, years before pg (norton called them kicks)
		norton was the first to make multi-styles, years before pg (norton called them mix and match mega styles)
		norton was the first to introduce expanded and reduced styles, a full decade before pg music included them




please bookmark this site, and come back often. new goodies posted weekly (i hope)                                                          thanks, bob "notes" norton


one of my favorite music quotes:



	"music should strike fire from the heart of man and bring tears to the eyes of woman" ~ ludwig van beethoven





 

fine (the end)





home
table of contents
e-mail norton music (contact norton music)
e-mail list updates
top of this page

norton music * po box 13149 * ft pierce fl 34979-3149 * usa



this site © copyrighted by bob "notes" norton - all rights reserved
	all brand names are registered trademarks of their respective companies,norton music has no affiliation with any of those companies
	norton music logo designed by steve cox
	please bookmark this site, and come back often
	new goodies posted weekly (i hope)thanks, bob "notes" norton
this site is dedicated to:
howard r norton, my father. he played trumpet, violin, organ and ukulele. i have fond childhood memories of weekend mornings with my father, ukulele in hand, music books sprawled in front of him, and he, my sisters, and myself singing all those old, corny, wonderful songs. this ignited the spark of music in me.
		robert c. monroe, my first band director. his passion, enthusiasm and love for music fanned that spark and turned it into a raging fire of passion for music ... "thank you" to bob monroe and to all the band directors and music instructors who give the gift of music education to our children.
		and to leilani m. chandler, who provides the sunshine in my life, keeps the smile on my face and is one of the best vocalists in the known universe.
	



 
keywords: band-in-a-box, midi, music, biab, cakewalk, band-in-a-box, midi, music books, biab, jokes, band-in-a-box songs, general midi, music software, biab, tune1000, opcode, band-in-a-box, standard midi files, sequencing software, b.i.a.b., pg music, backing tracks, band, box, midi downloads, musician software, b,i.a.b., roy hawkesford, roland, band-in-a-box, midi files, fake books, biab add-ons, sheet music direct, steinberg, band-in-a-box styles, free midi files, song books, biab song files, david bailey books for band-in-a-box, sherry mayrent klezmer songs for band-in-a-box, hal leonard books, band-in-a-box fake disks, sherry mayrent klezmer styles for band-in-a-box, free music sequences, music books, biab style files, warner bros, edirol, band-in-a-box song files, karaoke files, musicians links, biab aftermarket products, oak publications, midi solutions, band-in-a-box links, midi song files, fake books, vocalist, cherry lane, discount, band-in-a-box aftermarket products, sequences, singer, musician's tax aids, mel-bay, free, band in a box song files, midi karaoke, musician, artist's and entertainer's tax bible, alfred's, bargains, band-in-a-box third party software, midi music, songwriter, music theory books, cd-rom, downloads
