

party entertainment new york, corporate entertainment usa and celebrity lookalikes usa

















 









new york metro area's oldest, funniest and best singing telegram,  
          celebrity impersonator and party entertainment company ... 
    bringing you hilarity since 1982!
now nationwide!
great prices -- huge variety -- unique and unusual specialty acts. 
friendly, helpful, impeccable service with a smile 
for every client, regardless of budget. 



 


  singing 
    telegrams


 

 



 




 
  
 
 

 

   

 




 
      including florida bingo, zen jewish jokes, bubby fortune teller, music links, games, recipes, more 

 

 






 
order my new book!!!
(it's funny! i promise!!!)

  (click to order)
   









please click for our policy on charity work and unpaid media appearances. 

 
don't forget to check out our seasonal specialties page! 
    click here
   
 

as seen in

 



hilarious 
          "jewish grandma" delivers birthday bagel, get well chicken 
          soup, congratulatory bottle of manischewitz or the incredibly romantic 
          chopped liver heart (tm). bubby gram features original funny songs, 
          jokes, stories, ad libbings, ridiculous props, personalized shtick, 
          sight gags and general kibbitzing. perfect for birthdays, special occasions, 
          get-wells, holidays, bar/bat mitzvahs, corporate sales events, weddings, 
          conventions. even coronations!
 




what?! 
          you say a bubby isn't right for your occasion? fear not! see what other 
          wild and wacky things we have to offer! celebrity impersonators and 
          tribute artists, singing telegrams, original acts, magicians, psychics, 
          circus performers, hilarious roasts, drag shows, belly dancers, kid's 
          entertainment, seasonal specialties. new york's best party entertainment 
          and singing telegrams! 

 



if you need to download/install a program in order to play
any of the audios or videos on this site, please go here






 impersonators, look-alikes
          and tribute acts. hollywood, musical, political, many more. 



in and out! quick and funny!
        new york metro and florida. 
        the ridiculous to the sublime.


unique performers who'll
        make your party unforgettable! 
        many exclusive to us!


roast the guest of honor
        with personalized material
        written just for them. 





santa, elvis santa, elves,
          cupids, hearts, leprauchauns,
          easter bunnies, more.




we use facts about the guest
          of honor or your company and 
          turn them into a hilarious game!



belly dancers, burlesque,
        hula; african, brazilian, irish
        dancers, swing, ballroom... 


amazing performers - shows or 
        sleight of hand walk-arounds.
        plus tarot, palm, psychics.




wacky officiants, unusual
        entertainment, interesting
        extras, much more 



unique, unusual ideas to make
        your party special including
        comics, impersonators, boudoir
        photo sessions, sex lessons


entertainment geared to make
        this special day both fun and
        memorable. they'll be talking
        about it for years!


clowns, costumed characters, 
        story-tellers, face painters, 
        kid's magic, games, more



 
mc's, hosts, motivatators,
        speakers, performers. comics 
        and actors for industrial films.


doo wop to british invasion groups to 
        disco, 80's, motown, much more. these are the real deal!

 
the real deal...not impersonators!!

 
some things just defy
        categorization. we put 
        them here.






bands, singing groups, musical acts, solo singers, more.
        (coming soon) 


nascar racing, photo booths, movie studio, virtual reality games, wild stuff!
        (coming soon) 


fun to watch, and they make great souvenirs for your guests! 


having a large event and need big sets? prop rentals? an entire room decorated like the moulin rouge or a las vegas casino?
        (coming soon) 



looking for something truly spectacular? unique? unforgettable? if you got the bucks, we got the act! 

bring down the house with a great dj for your next event! 


strolling characters, human decor, 
          mcs, full shows
           



because sometimes, when it 
        comes to entertainment, you
        just need immediate gratification


top
links








 


 


beautiful 
        portraits, private commissions, 
        boudoir photography for individuals,
        couples or groups (i.e. bachelorette parties)
        & award-winning fine art  photography 



practical, 
        field-tested advice 
        to help you get and keep your relationships 
        on track. private counseling (by phone or in person) workshops, articles, 
        advice, books.



 
(c) 2009 adrienne e. gusoff  all rights 
  reserved 
  "bubby" is a registered trademark, owned by adrienne gusoff 
  pick a shtick, celebrity clones and celeb clones are service marks of bubby 
  gram 
  updated    
      october 4, 2023

 

 
 
 
 
 
  










