


































































greensboro news and record | breaking news | | read greensboro and north carolina breaking news. get latest news, events and information on north carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















29°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



submit a counterpoint




sports


hsxtra



college



accxtra



professional



betting



north carolina betting



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



dining



contests



games & puzzles



comics



play



people



travel



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



sponsored content



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



greensboro archives




our properties


rockingham now




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage greensboro subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



manage rockingham subscription



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









29°
cloudy
























        
        
            kontoor spends $900 million for norwegian outdoors apparel brand

kontoor brands inc. is opting to make a major splash with its first corporate acquisition, announcing wednesday plans to spend $900 million to purchase the norwegian outdoor and workwear brand helly hansen.

















        
        
            teen charged with involuntary manslaughter in valentine's day shooting

christian edward cearneal, 18, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the feb. 14 shooting death of dante jamal moss, greensboro police said

















        
        
            shp board moves forward on considering premium increases for state government employees

the state health plan's board of trustees authorized staff to flesh out a proposal that would base the percentage increase of monthly premiums on employees' annual salary.

















        
        
            wednesday's letters: faced with a chance to do what's right ... tillis caves

to sen. tillis’ credit, he seems capable of distinguishing right from wrong. but, to his detriment he has proven incapable of acting honorably upon that judgment when pressure is applied — especially by his apparent lord and master donald trump.

















        
        
            wssu's fleming will showcase skills in hbcu legacy bowl this weekend

players from all over the country will be in new orleans for saturday's game that will be broadcast at 3 p.m. on nfl network

















        
        
            sheriff: summerfield man stabs girlfriend and her 78-year-old mother

robert jackson mathis, 40, is charged with attacking julia gilley, 78, and esther snyder, 42, both of summerfield.

















        
        
            conflicted greensboro council removes short-term rental rule over legal concerns

previously, the city ordinance required 750 feet space between short-term rentals such as airbnbs. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            sheriff: summerfield man stabs girlfriend and her 78-year-old mother


















        
        
            uncg to name campus building after a black person for the first time in the university's history


















        
        
            conflicted greensboro council removes short-term rental rule over legal concerns















                
                the latest


















        
        
            dejoy announces plans to step down as u.s. postmaster general

louis dejoy, a greensboro resident and the nation's 75th postmaster general, informed the u.s. postal services' board of governors that "it is time to begin the process of identifying his successor."





















        
        
            photos: demonstrators gather outside senator's office











        
        
            triad furniture manufacturer plans 57-job expansion for high point

commercial furniture manufacturer beaufurn is taking another shot at expanding within the triad, this time pledging to create and relocate a combined 57 full-time jobs to an existing high point plant.





















        
        
            photos: fitz on main reopens in kernersville after fire last may




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            judge denies democrat-led effort to block musk, doge access




















        
        
            americans' confidence in air travel safety dips slightly after washington crash, poll shows




















        
        
            residents share differing views on short-term rental rules




















        
        
            trump says ukraine 'should have never started' the war with russia












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            wake forest men's tennis team wins ita national indoor championship

stefan dostanic gets the deciding point in 4-3 win over tcu on tuesday night in dallas 





















        
        
            photos: mid-state 3a conference tournament championships




















        
        
            photos: highlights from 3a and 4a state indoor track and field championships



















        
        
            parker friedrichsen helps lead wake forest to big road win at smu on saturday night

he played major minutes after cam hildreth was out with a foot injury













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            trump blames biden for high prices; more government cuts | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    



















        
        
            americans' confidence in air travel safety dips slightly after washington crash, poll shows

americans’ confidence in air transportation and the federal agencies tasked with maintaining air safety has slipped a little from last year, according to a new ap-norc poll. 




















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            truck accident liability: who's responsible and how to prove it

contributor content. liabilities in truck accidents often require thorough investigation and legal expertise, as they cannot always be determined quickly. 












sponsored








        
        
            key considerations for selecting a health plan this open enrollment season

content by blue cross and blue shield of north carolina. whether someone is purchasing health insurance for the first time or simply needs some help navigating the health insurance marketplace®, blue cross nc is here to help.












provided








        
        
            what are the benefits of teaching at the primary school level?

provided content. teaching can be an incredibly rewarding experience and leave you feeling like you’re shaping the minds of the future. here are five benefits of earning your master's in teaching primary education that you can get excited about.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            nadine cobb accounting & tax



                                        103 n. 2nd ave., mayodan, nc 27027
                                    






























        
        
            the shoe market



                                        4624 w market st, greensboro, nc 27407
                                    



 website






















        
        
            clean origin - global media works



                                        356 laurens road, montoursville, pa 17754
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















retail stores





        
        
            shoe market
























rockingham now





        
        
            cross selling house acct.







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


life & entertainment

rockingham now

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

place an ad

advertise

submission forms

contact us

join our team

become a carrier

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        greensboro news & record, 3001 south elm eugene st. greensboro, nc 27401
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































