
the gatlinburlier pipe, pipe tobacco, cigar and chewing tobacco store.




















home



			pipes & tobacco

  briar pipes
  pipe tobacco
  the pipe cam
  tools & accesories
  tobacco pouches



the humidor

  premium cigars
  flavored cigars
  cigar accesories



the lighter case

  zippo lighters
  pipe lighters



the chew bar

  non-tobacco dip
  spitoons
  chewing accessories



the cigarette stand

  cigarette accesories



tobacco cover up


tobacco politics


smokin' links


contact us


age verification










the
gatlinburlier
tobacconist


~
mountain mall
611 parkway - d level
gatlinburg tn 37738
800.862.2204





menu

 our menu



you must be 21 to enter

					you must be 21 years old or older to purchase tobacco products in tennessee. other laws and restrictions may be in place. you should be aware of and compliant with you local regulations.
					
i am over 21   
					i am not









stablished in 1978, the gatlinburlier is a premier retail tobacco shop, nestled in the resort town of gatlinburg, tennessee surrounded on three sides by the great smoky mountain national park. please feel welcome to stop in when you visit the national park or any of the other area attractions.





the gatlinburlier pipe cam
check out pipes that are on the wall at our retail shop!



browse through our zippo lighter database, with over 700 classics and favorites, you'll find something for everyone!

want to know how old your zippo lighter is? click on the official zippo dating system link to find out!

'zippo', 'zippo lighters' and the zippo logo are registered trademarks of the zippo manufacturing company.



here for your electronic perusal is our latest offerings for the pipe smoker, including pipes, our award winning tobaccos, and accessories for the smoker.  after 40 years, we still have the only walk-in humidor in gatlinburg.
we carry a variety of hand made and flavored cigars.  if you are looking for something special in the humidor, please give us a call in the shop as our inventory is constantly changing and many cigars dont last long enough to make it on the site.  
we keep hard to find accessories for chewers and cigarette smokers in stock.  we always keep cases and cases full of zippo lighters to show off.  come on in to our mountain mall location anytime you are in gatlinburg, 
peruse the tobacco related antiques on display, check out the collection of patches we have gathered from our fans in the first responder community, and as always our friendly and knowledgable staff is ready to help you make an enjoyable selection.
 and chewer alike.  
 if something you like here, know that you can order with confidence with our safe, secure online ordering system.  we can also help you by phone, fax, email, shortwave radio frequncy, and carrier pigeon, so give us a shout!
 




the gatlinburlier 30th anniversary book of knowledge & learning
by dr. ira t. lapides, phd
with over 30 years of experience, dr. lapides has compiled an excellent reference on all things tobacco. the book acts as a guide for novices as well as providing professional insight into the business and politics of the tobacco industry.
150 pages / softcover
$9.95





qty: 



we're the tobacco store at your front door.






gatlinburlier
611 parkway - d level
gatlinburg tn 37738






x





800.862.2204865.436.4412

 


©1978 gatlinburlier  -  ©1994-2024 gatlinburlier.com





