




be an actuary




























































 












brought to you by:

 




site map
speak with an actuary
contact us
toolkit for educators
toolkit for speakers



en espanol
english



  













what is an actuary?

what do we do
where do we work
a top ranked job
fast facts about actuaries


why actuarial science?

a top ranked job
salary
day in the life
balance of work life
career outlook
non-traditional trajectories
solve real problems
smart work


how do i get started?

are you a career changer?
is this the career for you?
what to do in high school
scholarships
university-run summer programs


college study

is this the career for you?
what to study
vee requirements
internships
education faqs
university-run summer programs


actuarial exams

exam faqs
preliminary exams
what does it take?
actuarial exam support program 


finding a job

internships
advice on obtaining an actuarial position
online career centers
jobs by type of employer
jobs by region
tips & tools


diversity programs

actuarial exam support program 
high school events
scholarships
helpful links


news & resources
 

 menu





×
search for:


search




 expand search form












site map
speak with an actuary
contact us
toolkit for educators
toolkit for speakers
 







display info
computer skills are vital to actuaries. from formulating spreadsheets and running statistical analysis programs to keeping up with the latest online financial news–actuaries always have technology at their fingertips.


display info
this math professor teaches the subject that all future actuaries love. to pursue the career, you don't have to major in actuarial science–majors in math, statistics, finance, and economics also provide a solid foundation for students considering a career as an actuary.


display info
a visit to the college financial aid office by a future actuary will pay off—a career in actuarial science can lead to potential earnings from $150,000 to $250,000 annually for experienced fellows. talk about return on investment!


display info
you won't find an actuary in this health center, but their work is the backbone of the health insurance industry. actuaries figure out the price of health insurance premiums, based on criteria like age, health, and habits. in the u.s., the affordable care act has created many new opportunities for actuaries.


display info
at the campus library, you will find future actuaries reading a variety of books and journals to get the well-rounded education they need. actuaries are known for their ability to learn and assimilate a wide range of information and communicate it effectively.


display info
like to work in a group? actuaries work in teams to develop products, analyze insurance industry trends, write business proposals, give presentations, and interact with colleagues from across their company.


display info

						these two students are going to their corporate finance class, as they work on the requirements for earning an actuarial credential. future actuaries must complete approved courses on certain topics to fulfill the validation by educational experience (vee) requirements. learn more in the college study section.
					





















the professional life 



  








do the math
an actuary models the lifetime of a device using the random variable y = 10x0.8, where x is an exponential random variable with mean 1 year. determine the probability density function f (y), for y > 0, of the random variable y.

10y0.8e-8y-0.2
8y-0.2e-10y0.8
8y-0.2e-10y0.8
8y-0.2e-(0.1y)1.25
(0.1y)1.25e-0.125(0.1y)0.25
0.125(0.1y)0.25e-(0.1y)1.25

view answer













news 



our latest news 















 



northwestern mutual’s actuarial postgraduate program




july 30, 2024









cas and soa announce new actuarial exam support program




april 15, 2024









the casualty actuarial society (cas) and society of actuaries host be an actuary day philadelphia!




march 28, 2024









cas and soa exploring adjustments to diversity exam reimbursement program




december 19, 2023









employers and students invited to participate in 35th asny actuarial career day




september 1, 2023









casualty  actuarial society (cas) and society of actuaries (soa) successfully  host first “be an actuary month” inspiring high school students to  connect with the profession




march 18, 2022





 










 





 brought to you by the society of actuaries and casualty actuarial society.

 




recent posts


northwestern mutual’s actuarial postgraduate program
july 30, 2024


cas and soa announce new actuarial exam support program
april 15, 2024


 

opening hours 








be an actuary.org 



© 2025 all rights reserved 








 



















this website uses cookies. by clicking “accept all,” you consent to the use of cookies as described in our privacy policy.accept alldecline all




