






the cathedral church of st. catharine of siena (allentown, pa)




















home
bishop schlert
directory
calendar
giving

online giving
siena society


about us

a history of the cathedral
about st. catharine


religious ed

catechetics resources
parish religious education program (prep)
rite of christian initiation for children
rite of christian initiation for adults (rcia)


youth ministry

youth group
young adults


school
cyo









holy year of hope

the holy year of hope is underway. pope francis has designated this new year as a holy year, 
usually celebrated every quarter century. a special processional cross, which previously 
adorned the cathedral sanctuary, is now enshrined in the sanctuary for the length of the 
coming holy year. read more about the holy year of hope:

jubilee year of hope opening dec. 28 (from ad times)
bishop schlert celebrates the opening mass of thejubilee year of hope (from ad times)
how to obtain a plenary indulgence during the 2025jubilee (from cna)



things to know about the jubilee year of hope (from catholicview.com)
drawing on their jewish roots, jubilee years emphasize the sacrament of reconciliation
and restoring relationships with god. they also provide an opportunity for a special jubilee
indulgence, which can remove the residual effects of sin through the grace of christ.
the year calls christians to action. pope francis called for "signs of hope," including the
desire for peace in the world, openness to life and responsible parenthood, and closeness to
prisoners, the poor, the sick, the young, the elderly, migrants and people "in difficult
situations."
 authorities expect an influx of pilgrims in the eternal city. italy's national tourist
institute projects 35 million visitors in 2025, nearly triple of its 13 million visitors in 2023.
pilgrimage is a "fundamental" part of jubilee events. "setting out on a journey is traditionally
associated with our human quest for meaning in life. a pilgrimage on foot is a great aid for
rediscovering the value of silence, effort and simplicity of life," pope francis wrote.

eucharistic adoration
eucharistic adorations follows the 12:15 pm wednesday mass each week, and takes place throughout the afternoon 
until the closing prayers and benediction at 7:00 pm. sign-up sheets are posted in
the lobby to be sure that someone is always in the church for adoration. confessions are heard
from 6:30—7:30 pm. this spiritual opportunity is a beautiful way to celebrate this holy year of
hope.

weather cancellations: please note that if sjv regional school is not in session or if there is an
early dismissal due to inclement weather, there will be no adoration or holy hour on wednesdays.
daily and weekend masses will always be celebrated as scheduled.

today's mass readings








cathedral church
		200 block of north 18th street
		allentown, pa 18104
		parking available across from church
link to map for directions

cathedral rectory
		1825 w turner street
		allentown, pa 18104
		office phone: 610-433-6461
link to map for directions


cathedral parish vision statement
to be a place where the faithful can gather together for the 
		sunday celebration of the eucharist, to teach christ's saving doctrine, and to practice the charity of the lord in good works and brotherly love. (cf. ccc, 2179)



mass schedule
sunday7:30, 9:30, 11:30 am
saturday8:00 am & 4:15 pm (4:15 mass fulfills sunday obligation)
weekdaysmonday–friday 6:30 & 8:00am
holy daysconsult bulletin for schedule



sacrament of reconciliation
mon–sat20 min before each mass
wednesday6:30 to 7:30 pm
saturday3:15 to 4:00 pm
holy daysconsult bulletin



holy hour
each wednesday at 6:30 pm — exposition of the blessed sacrament, adoration, and benediction



sacrament of baptism
first sunday of every month. preparatory class thursday evening before.



sacrament of matrimony
engaged couples should meet with their parish priest as soon as they become engaged. the diocesan marriage preparation program should be completed at least six months prior to the wedding date. weddings are held after 1:00 pm on fridays and no later than 1:30 pm on saturdays.



parish registration

catholics living in the cathedral church parish boundaries should be registered in the parish. 
registration is required for the administration of the sacraments, attendance at cathedral prep program, and for the issuance of sponsor certificates for baptism and confirmation. please introduce yourself to msgr. don after mass and he will register you or call the parish  office.
		drop-in registrations will not be taken.
parish registration form







cathedral good samaritanresource guide






copyright © 2024 cathedral of saint catharine of siena. all rights reserved. disclaimer notice







