


 
























arts & culture | economic development & finance authority






      skip to main content
    











official state of iowa website



agencies a-z
programs & services
















economic development & finance authority






search


menu














main navigation



 business


business sub-navigation





 iowa advantage



 financial assistance



 buildings & sites



 small business & entrepreneurs



 export assistance





 community


community sub-navigation





 arts & culture



 community infrastructure



 disaster recovery



 downtown resource center



 energy



 historic preservation



 revitalization



 water quality





 housing


housing sub-navigation





 homeless or at-risk of homelessness



 homeownership programs



 iowa title guaranty



 rental programs



 state housing trust fund





 about


about sub-navigation





 iowa economic development authority



 iowa finance authority



 boards



 events



 news



 stories






agencies a-z
online services































arts & culture
the iowa arts council empowers iowa to build and sustain culturally vibrant communities by cultivating creativity, learning and participation in the arts.




iowa arts & culture 




    resources for artists
  








    art grants and programs
  








    resources for communities
  








    filmmaking in iowa
  








    resources for arts education
  








    arts convenings
  


















art grants & programs




  view arts grants & programs
      
    












                  creative places accelerator
                
cross sector teams develop arts-based projects focused on livability, economic development and community connectedness













                  iowa artist career accelerator
                
provides grant funding, peer learning and mentorship opportunities, and business development resources to artists













                  iowa artist fellowship program
                
advancing the careers of iowa artists who demonstrate exceptional creativity through funding & professional development













                  iowa community cultural grant
                
enhances iowa communities through the development of festivals, music, drama, cultural programs and tourism projects




















 






        iowa arts council
      

building vibrant communities


established in 1967, the iowa arts council serves as iowa’s arts agency and collaborates with federal agency partner, the national endowment for the arts and regional arts partner, arts midwest.



  read the iowa arts council strategic plan
      
    















        support iowa arts
      

become a volunteer panelist


are you interested in helping support iowa arts? we want to hear from you. citizen advice from unique artistic and cultural viewpoints is central to government support of the arts. 




  get involved

      
    





















          upcoming arts events
        


  see all events
      
    















27

feb


regional arts forum: davenport

      regional arts forums welcome local artists, arts and civic leaders, and community members to gather and discuss opportunities for strengthening arts in iowa.
        
  











february 27, 2025 1:00 pm
 - february 27, 2025 4:00 pm





















regional arts forum: clarinda



        regional arts forums welcome local artists, arts and civic leaders, and community members to gather and discuss opportunities for strengthening arts in iowa.
      












march 3, 2025 1:00 pm
 - march 3, 2025 4:00 pm










oneota film festival



        held among the rivers and bluffs of the driftless region in iowa, the oneota film festival brings compelling, innovative, and inspiring films to decorah, ia.
      












march 6, 2025
 - march 9, 2025




























          arts & culture news
        


  see all news
      
    















march 11, 2024



waterloo west high school student wins poetry out loud state contest


andrew cusmano of waterloo west high school took first place in the 2024 poetry out loud in iowa state finals.














city of cascade to celebrate small businesses through new downtown mural

the ieda and the ifa announced that the city of cascade recently won a custom mural by iowa artist ben schuh by winning the statewide #iowansunite contest.
november 16, 2023





gov. reynolds and iowa economic development authority announce $1.4 million in grant awards

gov. reynolds and the ieda announced that more than $1.4 million in grants were awarded to advance the arts, culture and creative industries across iowa.
august 28, 2023






















          contact the arts & culture team
        

email artscouncil@iowaeda.com
sign up for the arts & culture newsletter







image
 












accessibility should be an integral part of any arts experience. for more information, please refer to the accessibility toolkit. for additional assistance, please contact accessibility coordinator, elizabeth ferreira at 515.348.6324 or elizabeth.ferreira@iowaeda.com













follow iowa arts & culture on social









    facebook
  














    instagram 
  














    linkedin
  



























                  economic development & finance authority
              

footer social media menu

social media footer menu













iowa economic development authority | iowa finance authority
1963 bell avenue
suite 200
des moines, ia 50315










phone
515.348.6200










how can we help?

  share feedback with us
      
    







footer menu


footer


connect


contact


boards


news


events
























contact menu

send feedback


© 2024 state of iowa - read our accessibility, data, and privacy policies.












 


