





co-ownership resources & services – sirkinlaw apc

















































 



























sirkinlaw apc!



menumenucontactsearch




search


x


cart (0) 

about

who we arewhat we do
practice areas

fractional ownershiptenancy in common (tic) with occupancy rightsequity sharingfamily / friend shared ownershipcondominium conversion and  new construction subdivision – san franciscocondominium conversion and new construction subdivision – californiareplacement and amendment of cc&rshomeowners associations (hoa) organization, cc&rs-bylaws interpretation, and adviceinvestment partnerships, llcs, 1031 ticsmediation of tic, hoa, and other real estate disputesreal estate investment ventures, syndications, and real estate internet platformsreal estate sales without realtors / agents / brokers
articles

articles organized by co-ownership typereal estate basics
samplesresources 









clear and complete information from the co-ownership experts 


scroll to learn more









this site contains information on all types of fractional real estate and shared property ownership.
our articles include information on tenancy in common (also known as tenants in common and tic), condominium conversion, fractional vacation homes and clubs, equity sharing, homeowner associations, investment llcs and partnerships, syndication and web-based real estate platforms, and crowdfunding. we provide both basic information for homeowners or home buyers with no real estate background, and more sophisticated information for developers, syndicators, real estate professionals and attorneys.
about andy sirkin and sirkinlaw apc
sirkinlaw apc has focused on real estate co-ownership since 1985 and has been involved in the creation of more than 5,000 co-ownership arrangements throughout the united states and the world. this breadth of experience allows us to draw on a huge library of fractional project documentation as well as extensive knowledge of marketing and registration requirements for virtually any location where a project might be located or potentially marketed. we pride ourselves on our ability to write legal documents in plain english, develop simple and elegant usage and organizational structures, and offer efficient, reliable and cost-effective services for fractional projects ranging in size from a single house or condominium up to hundreds of factional interests. our law firm has offices in san francisco california and paris france.
more about sirkinlaw apc



topics we cover            									2164					

view resources









specific articles organized by co-ownership type
we offer separate resource pages on various types of co-ownership, each with overviews, faqs, detailed explorations of specific issues, and relevant laws, newspaper articles, books, and other resources.





fractional ownership resources and articles
articles and resources on fractional ownership and development of vacation or resort property.						



tenancy in common (tic)
learn about tenancy in common (tic) and explore the many ways tenants in common ownership is used. 						



subdivision and condominium conversion
articles and resources on the subdivision of real estate and conversion to condominiums. 						



equity sharing
articles and resources on equity sharing as well as basic information of interest to first-time home buyers.						



shared and family ownership
educational articles and resources for involvement in any type of family or shared ownership.						



cc&r amendment / replacement
homeowners associations should periodically replace older cc&rs and bylaws so they adhere to current law and “best practices”.						



homeowners association basic information and resources
articles and resources about forming and operating an hoa, and the text of many laws governing these associations.						



limited liability companies (llcs)
articles and resources relating specifically to limited liability companies (llcs), a form of business entity.						



investment tics, crowdfunding & securities
articles and resources on real estate investments, including tax-deferred exchange (1031) tics, limited and general partnerships, limited liability companies.						







sample agreements, forms and templates
simple, customizable agreements designed for people without legal training.


view templates








are you a first-time buyer? we can help educate you on the basics of real estate transactions.
 real estate basics









featured articles





clear answers and explanations on tenancy in common (tic)
what is a tenancy in common (tic)? the acronym tic, which stands for tenancy in common and tenants in common, refers to arrangements under which two or more people have…
keep reading 



san francisco condominium conversion rules and process
what is a condominium? a condominium consists of an individually-owned “unit” and a share of group-owned “common area”. the “unit” is the space within the walls, floors and ceilings of…
keep reading 



fractional ownership – answers to frequently asked questions
what is fractional ownership? the phrase “fractional ownership” is typically used to describe shared ownership of a vacation or resort property in an arrangement that allocates usage rights based on time….
keep reading 




view all resources













questions about real estate co-ownership? contact us





 ©2025 sirkinlaw apc. all rights reserved. attorney advertising.





home
sitemap
disclaimer
 






















