







american saddlery - official site for wholesale saddlery and tack. - american saddlery combining quality craftsmanship & modern equine industry innovations to create your favorite saddles. 













































































                                        home                





                                        saddles & tack                








                                        saddles                





                                        holsters & more                





                                        tack items                





                                        bits & spurs                





                                        pads blanket sheets                





                                        stable items                





                                        grooming items                





                                        shotan leather                









                                        dealer locator                








                                        become a dealer                









                                        about us                








                                        brands                











 


 



 



 


 



 



 


 



 



 


 



 



 


 



 









                                        contact us                





                                        saddle parts & fitting                









                                        catalogs                








                                        dealer catalog                





                                        sales brochures                





                                        dealer login                






 













































›
‹



1
2
3
4









































›
‹



1
2
3
4


















made in the usa saddleshandmade - one at a time! 


handmade big horn and american saddlery saddles that fit the rider and the horse to give you both a comfortable ride as well as classic looks.we are more than just saddles! we carry saddles, tack, bits, spurs, hardware, stable items and leather.
read more    








social mediafollow us on social media 


  

visit us on social media for interactive questions and answers, see what is going on behind the scenes, find out when we are appearing at trade shows in your area and more!
visit us on facebook 




















		looking for saddles and tack for your retail store?  we carry so much more; saddles, tack, hardware, pads, sheets, blankets, grooming items, barn & stable supplies, horn bags, saddle bags & much more! these are just a small sample of some of the items that we can supply to your retail store and customers.

	























			trophy saddle services		




need a trophy saddle? we can supply your event, organization or rodeo with trophy saddles on a wide variety of big horn or american saddlery saddles.
plus, a growing number of customers are using trophy style saddles for private ranches, corporate gifts, retirement or award use.
- design services- laser engraved or hand stamped- hand painted on some models- discounts to organizations and riding clubs!- made in the usa
call 800-251-7288 for expert help in chosing the right saddle for your trophy saddle!or, email - this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
 

 













product search 










 





newsletter 

	                		﻿    




would you like to receive email on dealerships, specials,discounts or new products? if so, please fill in your full name and email address below to join our newsletter mailing list.captcha:submitreset























where to buy our products... 


american saddlery and big horn do not sell to the general public. please use our dealer locator feature to find an authorized american saddlery dealer near you. shotan leather does sell leather, supplies and tools to individual saddle makers, craftsmen, repair shops and the general public. please see our shopping cart for shotan leather products.









our brands 






american saddlery sho-tan leather mastercraft circle-a tuffy, cowboy tuff
big horn jack hughes texas best trail master equisteel











contact info 





freight delivery: 1001 e. 37th street chattanooga, tn 37407


mailing address: box 130 rossville, ga 30741


 
info@americansaddlery.com 800-251-7288 - toll free 423-867-7655 - office 423-867-5889 - fax
















newsletterlogincontact us























		hosted by scenic city studios 


















