









sweetpea f.o.r. animals – a non-profit, no-kill animal rescue




























 






skip to content

















sweetpea f.o.r. animals

a non-profit, no-kill animal rescue







 







 




menu

home
news
happy tails!

davinci
stella
button lee
bella
molly
hanna
roux
brayden
happy
adopted pets


events
shelter
donate
about us
resources
 













welcome to sweetpea shelter & rescue!


we are rebuilding after the fire that destroyed our shelter building


shelter rebuild ...









we have rescued pets for over 16 years (since 2001) in the rutland/paxton area


happy tails!









we are a no-kill, nonprofit shelter. we give animals the care they need until they find a forever home


donate ...









all of our animals are loved and cherished by our wonderful team of volunteers


about us ...






























click here to learn about additional ways you can support our mission!

2025 winter donation match
a longtime donor has generously offered to match donations up to a total of $2500.00 starting near the end of january to support our ongoing operational expenses. the impact of your donation will be doubled by their matching gift! please donate to our special matching gift campaign below





we felt the spirit of christmas with pet pho-ho-ho-tos with santa! 
thank you to everyone who came out to see santa and his helpers at the mill yard in sturbridge, ma!  almost everyone was confirmed to be on the good list!  (you know who you are!) 
 you can check out the photo album from the event on our facebook page




thank you to everyone who joined in our annual golf tournament!  
cole contracting, td bank, and mr. richard clark were event sponsors; their substantial sponsorship donations were instrumental in the success of the day.











thank you so much to the generous businesses and individuals who were hole sponsors for the day!
aable auto buyers / mass auto recyclingjuno’s placemill street motorssilver auto sales & servicesolsi auto salesgaby shabo’s garagebravo auto sales & servicesthreads boutiquequality muffler and brakeedible arrangementscrusader auto bodyhusky’s pubtatnuck gask&bforreststella’s storyrjm energyklem’scornerstone bankleader bankdasho designsst. pierre corporationma vfw auxiliaryrutland fire brigadedurkee-erwin familynichols flooringwebster firstquinn engineeringcountry bank
thank you to our fantastic volunteers, friends, and board members who pulled the day together and made it all happen, especially to bonnie, aimee, diane and deanna!!
you can check out photos from the tournament on our facebook page by clicking here!  if you’re not on facebook you can see pictures of the teams here!
if you weren’t able to sponsor us before the event or join us for a great day of golf, you can still do so online before we close the books on the event!

furry friends fashion
we had a great time at the furry friends fashion fundraiser put on by our amazing friends at threads boutique!  you can click through the images to see all the photos on our facebook album.







celebrating stella
on november 22, 2015, a fire at the sweetpea f.o.r. animals shelter took the lives of many animals. thanks to heroic efforts by firefighters, a few animals were found alive and rushed to nearby veterinary hospitals for treatment. eight years later, we’re celebrating the survivors and today we’re sharing stella’s story.



click here for celebrating stella, a survivor


ride your hogs to support the dogs
on may 20, 2023 scott latour, through latour’s twisted spoke, hosted the first ride your hogs to support the dogs event. the bike ride was organized as a shelter rebuild fundraiser. the ride began at latour’s twisted spoke, 60 depot rd, charleton ma and concluded at singletary rod & gun in oxford ma.  after the run, there was live entertainment, food, vendor tables, and an amazing raffle grand prize of a 2022 harley davidson fat boy 114 motorcycle!  
this fantastic event raised $8427.43 for sweetpea and $936.40 for broken tail rescue!! we’re very thankful for the many riders who came out in the rain and were so generous with their time and donations! thank you to those who provided raffle prizes, to steppin up for the live music, and especially to scott latour!


thank you so much to everyone who made the day such a success!

scott latour and the twisted spoke for making all this happen and your incredible donations
american harley davidson
trevor for the jerk chicken & ribs in charleston 
south 9 wangz and thangz for the food in southbridge
maddie’s dogs
mike chandler’s bbq
adam holmes glass art
frozen favorites ice cream
flying high dogs
broken tail rescue
steppin up band
juno’s place
special thanks to these dear friends

alison, for thinking of us when this fundraiser was in its decision stages and putting our name out there
ron, the bar manager from singletary rod and gun club in oxford massachusetts.
aimee, a long time sweetpea volunteer who is an absolute star when it comes to raffle organization! we love you aimee!
bill
donna
adam hambone







photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young
photos courtesy of deborah young





our rebuilding story was featured on spectrum news 1 in oct ’22!




















shelter & boarding kennels temporarily closedour animal shelter and the boarding kennels are temporarily closed while we rebuild our fire-damaged shelter. we will post updates on the shelter page. we value your continued support.search sweetpeafora.org

 

contact us sweetpea f.o.r. animals, inc.
1090 pleasant street
(route 122)
paxton, ma 01612
phone: 508-757-7959
sweetpeafora@verizon.net
please report website problems to webadmin@sweetpeafora.org

 

 

donatewe are a 501(c)(3) charitable organization [ein 04-3550699]. donations are fully tax deductible. thank you for your generosity.
















review our irs form 990 for more information about how we raise and spend money

 






copyright © 2025 sweetpea f.o.r. animals. all rights reserved. theme spacious by themegrill. powered by: wordpress. 




























