






pasco middle school |






























home
school news
student registration
school information

abc program
avid
cambridge

curriculum
teacher and course information
cambridge course progression
cambridge program faq’s
njhs


2025-2026 course cards
school success plan
iep and 504 plan concerns
school advisory council
student field trip donations
staff recognition donations


students
parents

school meals
title i parent information


calendar
contacts
music
athletics
staff resources
 


select page


  
 
 














pasco middle school
13925 14th street • dade city, fl 33525
phone: (352) 524-8400 fax: (352) 524-8491













pasco middle’s vision is to ensure all our students are sailing to success!
successfully achieving and improving our learning by inspiring never-ending growth  
 
 








 scholastic book fair april 7th – 11th





pasco middle school is proud to announce our spring scholastic book fair and spring fling!
april 7th – 11th during school hours (7:10 – 1:30 pm) and on april 10th during our “spring fling”! help us reach our goal of putting 350 books in the hands of our kids! your students can visit with their classed, during their lunches and with their parents during the spring fling on april 10th from 6:00 – 8:00 pm. oh, and you can shop our fair online at https://www.scholastic.com/bf/pascomiddleschool 
 
 
 
 




 
 read more 







 gradventure universal orlando!


 
 read more 







 attention 8th grade families: it’s baby picture time!


 
 read more 







 pasco pathways application window january 8-21st, 2025





the pasco pathways innovative programs and school choice application window is open wednesday, january 8 at 8 a.m., through tuesday, january 21st at 4:30 p.m. learn more about the school choice application window
 
 
 




 
 read more 







 pasco pathways expo 2024

join us to learn about the innovative programs available for students in pasco county! 
learn more: https://www.pasco.k12.fl.us/expo

 
 read more 













questions? let's talk!
have a question or want to provide feedback?  you’re in the right place!  let’s talk! is designed to streamline communication by giving you a central location to submit a question, concern, or comment. provide your contact information and someone from our school will get back to you very soon.



submit questions















report an absence

mypascoconnect

report bullying

school year calendar

apply to volunteer

navigating middle school

pirate press – parent news

schedule inquiries

wellness for students

daily bell schedule





pirate news




the week ahead february 13, 2025

our campus security fencing project has a start date of february 28th, which means you and your children will begin to notice the changes i’ve been mentioning all year with drop-off and pick-up patterns and access points to campus. please pay close attention to construction signs and additional messaging in the coming weeks.
read more



scholastic book fair april 7th – 11th

pasco middle school is proud to announce our spring scholastic book fair and spring fling! april 7th – 11th during school hours (7:10 – 1:30 pm) and on april 10th during our “spring fling”! help us reach our goal of putting 350 books in the hands of our kids!  your students can visit with their classed, during their lunches and with their parents during the spring fling on april 10th from 6:00 – 8:00 pm.  oh, and you can shop our fair online at https://www.scholastic.com/bf/pascomiddleschool 
read more



the week ahead february 7, 2025

this week we started experimenting with a new initiative to encourage students to get to class on time as well as to combat occurrences of skipping. when students are found to be deliberately tardy or skipping class, they will spend five minutes participating in earth patrol on campus. earth patrol is geared toward making sure that items that don’t belong in nature are gathered and thrown away. 
read more



gradventure universal orlando!

don’t wait… don’t hesitate… get your gradventure tickets today!  
read more



the week ahead january 31, 2025

we have been talking to the student body daily about respecting our school grounds. food trash, among other garbage, is left in the most odd places throughout the day. we are positive that your children are not allowed to leave garbage all over the place at home, nor are they probably allowed to throw milk and juice at windows and walls, and we would really appreciate that not happening at school as well. 
read more



attention 8th grade families: it’s baby picture time!

attention 8th grade families: it’s baby picture time!  e-mail 1 picture of your student along with his/her name to ms. borders jborders@pasco.k12.fl.us before february 21st. 
read more


« older entries







pirate pride in action… click on the photo to enlarge!






ms. perez




ms. larkin’s room




ms. watson’s room




ms. sjolander’s room




downstairs 8th grade pod




6th grade cambridge!



























 








designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 









pasco county schools important links

check acceptance policy (política de aceptación de cheques en español
			)
head start/early head start
individual education plans (iep) and 504 plan concerns
notification of nondiscrimination and accessibility policy
parents' bill of rights
report child abuse
reunification video for parents
uniform assessment calendar

















































