







	best places to live | compare cost of living, crime, cities, schools and more. sperling's bestplaces









































 cost of living


 compare cities


 quiz



 community data
                    

 crime
climate
schools
news




 places to live
                    

 find a place
top lists
rankings
interactive map


logincreate account





























explore bestplaces
is there somewhere better for you to live?
bestplaces uses the most accurate, recent data to help you find the best places to live for you and your family.















explore cities
gold canyon, azpanama city, flleawood, kspayson, azsilver firs, wasouthlake, tx


compare cost of living
clinton, mi vs portland, orsmyrna, tn vs mount juliet, tnqueen creek, az vs owings mills, mdmilford, ma vs new haven, ctatlanta, ga vs buffalo, nyaltamonte springs, fl vs titusville, fl



compare cities, overall
gold canyon, az vs naples, flpanama city, fl vs seminole, flleawood, ks vs tempe, azpayson, az vs honokaa, hisilver firs, wa vs rainier, wasouthlake, tx vs fort lauderdale, fl














upgrade your data
bestplaces premium: saving you money with unparalleled insights
imagine a premium service that reveals the heartbeat of every city and state in the us with unrivaled reliability and accuracy. our cost of living toolset, city reports, custom quiz, suite of maps, and more empower you to save money and make informed decisions.


upgrade to premium















our tools and expertise
seeking a lower cost of living to buy a home or retire?looking for a safer climate or better paying jobs?
bestplaces has been naming the top cities for over 30 years. we have the most accurate cost of living comparison for over 80,000 places. we know the best places to buy a home, the safest and happiest cities for your family, and which states are best for retirement. our research-backed, ai-enabled quiz pinpoints the five best places for you to live in the united states where you can thrive and live a happier life.
our data includes exclusive, bestplaces data, as well as us census data, federal research, and national surveys to provide insight into cities across the united states. 




















cost of living comparison calculator
our cost of living calculator is the most accurate way to see what you can comfortably afford in two different cities. we consider factors such as home ownership, rent, childcare, taxes, food, transportation, and more. 




compare cost of living




















bestplaces quiz
with our cutting edge, ai-enabled 22-question quiz, we determine the five best places for you to live in the united states, based on your preferences, where you can thrive and live a happier life.




bestplaces quiz



















compare cities
let bestplaces do the heavy lifting. perform a detailed comparison of two cities based on metrics including crime, climate, jobs, economy, housing, commute, schools, and more. 




compare cities


















interactive map

explore the us by population










testimonials
all of the leading data you need to make a well‑informed decision





















i recommend the website if you are considering a move. gives excellent stats on states and cities, plus lots of information is pulled together on just one site.- nita m.










trusted by
partnerships
























































































previous



next









explore our news
bestplaces news posts







best places in america for viewing cherry blossoms
there's no better way to welcome the spring season than by enjoying the glorious sight of cherry blossoms in full bloom. although japan is renowned for hosting some of the world's most magnificent cherry blossom festivals, america also plays host to some equally breathtaking venues. from coast to coast, here's a comprehensive list of the best places in america for viewing cherry blossoms.
				  read more...







top pet friendly road trip destinations
in honor of national pet day on april 11th, bestplaces and motel 6 have partnered to present the best cities in the united states for visiting on a road trip with your cuddly companions. when you’re on the road it’s important to enjoy the trip, and that means finding cities like these which not only have great resources but also plenty of activities and sights to see.
                    
read more...








best places for nature lovers
most square miles of state park and forest area. the arrival of summer has the team at bestplaces wondering, “where are the best places for nature lovers?”  to answer this question, we determined which places had easy access to the most square miles of state park and forest area.
                    read more...








the cost of living in famous tv neighborhoods
see the cost of living in these iconic areas when you’re watching one of your favorite tv shows, have you wondered what it costs to live the lifestyle of the characters? it’s only natural!  to prepare this, we consulted bestplaces.net - the primary resource for united states cost of living data. 
                    read more...










                    read more articles
                








































the premier source for comprehensive city data for over 30 years.






bestplaces tools
interactive map
take the bestplaces quiz
compare cities
compare cost of living
compare crime rates
compare schools
compare climates
rankings
create bestplaces list



about bestplaces
contact us
create an account
log in
meet the team
our partnerships & publications
where do we get our data?




follow us





















privacy policy  •  terms of use  •  returns & refunds





							©  best places.  all rights reserved.
						















