



birding courses in india | go beyond bird watching and ornithology








birding courses in india
join an exceptional birding training program with emphasis on bird identification, bird topography, birding ethics, birding tips and special focus on the birds found in india. unleash your passion for bird watching by going beyond ornithology and focusing mainly on birding.
online birding courses by enoma
certificate in basic birdingduration = 2 months. fees = rs. 999
certificate in intermediate birdingduration = 6 months. fees = rs. 2499
certificate in advanced birdingduration = 1 year. fees = rs. 4999
course fees to increase on 27th february, 2025.

features of enoma's birding courses
1. first to offer advanced courses for birding in india.
2. learn from hundreds of birding thoughts posted by the course directors.
3. bird topography video tutorials of 7 hours for all students.
4. certificate issued on completion of the courses.
5. personal messaging system for quick communication with the course directors.
6. quickly learn about hundreds of birds through the bird analysis section.
7. 150 birding tips video series of 8 hours in the basic birding course.
8. 200 birding tips video series of 11 hours in the intermediate and advanced birding course.
9. 60 benefits of birding video series of 5 hours in the basic birding courses.
10. 100 benefits of birding video series of 8 hours in the intermediate and advanced courses.
11. learn the top 100 birding spots in india (basic course).
12. learn the top 500 birding spots in india (intermediate course).
13. learn the top 1000 birding spots in india (advanced course).
14. over 5000 posts on birds for the intermediate and advanced birding course students.

student profile
enoma's birding courses are ideal for those who are keenly interested in bird watching. students, housewives, travel guides, doctors, vets, kids, nature lovers, foresters, photographers, journalists, writers, environmentalists, farmers, gardeners, teachers, nurses, engineers, artists, government employees, self employed professionals and bird lovers.

from mumbai to delhi, goa to kerala, thane to panvel, chennai to himachal pradesh, madhya pradesh to odisha, rajasthan to punjab, assam to coimbatore, ladakh to bengaluru, kolkata to pune, palghar to mysuru, hampi to haryana, gujurat to nagaland, and everywhere in between, people of india love birds. one can say that an indian can easily identify 30 birds without even realizing it. but for those looking to become exceptional birders and easily identify most birds found in india then the best choice is to join enoma's birding course.


job prospects
the basic birding course is most suitable for anyone who wishes to start birding from the very beginning.
the basic birding course is ideal for those who want to learn birding as a hobby or recreational activity.
the intermediate and advanced birding courses equips you to take up a job as a bird guide or birding tour leader in bird parks, resorts, zoos and sanctuaries.
you can even organize private birding trips after the advanced birding course and charge a premium fee.


birding courses' syllabus
detailed videos are provided during the course. course notes are also provided wherever necessary. the primary objective is to train each student to become an excellent birder on course completion.

basic birding course
 - 60 benefits of birding
 - 150 birding tips
 - 200 beautiful birds of india
 - 100 top birding spots in india
 - bird topography (60+ parts)
 - bird identification

intermediate course
 - introduction to birding
 - 100 benefits of birding
 - 200 birding tips (incl. 50 advanced tips)
 - 700 beautiful birds of india
 - 500 top birding spots in india
 - bird topography (60+ parts)
 - bird identification
 - bird photography

advanced birding course
 - introduction to birding
 - 100 benefits of birding
 - 200 birding tips (incl. 50 advanced tips)
 - 1400 beautiful birds of india
 - 1000 top birding spots in india
 - bird topography (60+ parts)
 - bird identification
 - bird photography

exclusive topics for advanced birding students
 - bird vocalizations
 - bird social behavior
 - bird mating behavior
 - bird nesting
 - bird habits & typical routine
 - bird feeding habits & diet
 - bird habitat
 - bird migration
 - night birding
 - bird conservation
 - organizing birding trips


admission procedure
to apply for admission kindly follow the steps below...
1. take the course eligibility test. if you qualify, fill up the online admission form.
2. once the admission form is submitted, you can pay the fees and will receive a course activation email within 24 hours.

frequently asked questions
1. will i actually become a good birder after completing this online course?
- yes, you will become not only a good birder but an excellent birder too. you will easily be able to identify over 500 birds after completing the basic birding course, 1000 birds after the intermediate course and 2000+ birds after the advanced birding course.
2. how can i register for the online birding courses?
- you can simply fill up the online admission form with the details specified. submit the form once duly filled by you. then you will receive an email within 2 days on whether you are selected for the course you applied for or not.
3. what is the definition of an online course?
- a course offered through the internet by allowing access to course material through a website, forum or email is called an online course.
4. who offers these birding courses?
- these birding courses are offered by enoma. we are an autonomous training institute in mumbai that has been offering online courses since the year 2005. we have trained thousands of students both online and offline since 1999.
5. can i apply for the birding courses without completing high school?
- yes, you can. you can apply for our courses if you are above 14 years old, love birding and feel that you can understand the course content in order to give the final exams.
6. who issues the certificate?
students are awarded a certificate by enoma on successful course completion.
7. are there any contact programs with the course mentors?
- yes, of course. students can contact the course mentors anytime through the personal messaging system for queries related to the course.
8. is there any practical training in birding given?
- yes, there are practical assignments on the course forum that enhances your knowledge and skills in birding. students take part in online observation sessions to gain more out of the online courses.
9. when does my course start and end?
your course starts on the day you are granted access to the course forum. your course ends when you appear for your final exams and pass the exams with a minimum percentage of 50%.
10. can a student copy during the final exams?
- students cannot copy during the final exams as the questions are based on real life situations which require real thinking and evaluation rather than copying something from somewhere.
11. what about the course material?
- we grant students 24x7 access to a secure course forum. the course material, training videos, assignments and observation games helps students gain in-depth knowledge on birding.
12. can i upgrade to the advanced course after the basic course?
- yes, you can definitely upgrade to the advanced birding course after you complete the basic birding or intermediate birding course. you need to get in touch with enoma to request for the upgrade.
13. do i have to leave my home for the final exams?
- the final exams are held online itself so you do not need to leave your home for the same.
14. can i extend the duration of my course if i am unable to complete it on time?
- yes, you can. you can extend the period of your course by a maximum period of 30 days by writing a letter to the course mentors via the personal messaging portal on the course forum.
15. how can i contact enoma?
- get in touch with us on 9820262263 or contact us online. thank you.

1400+ birds of india
there have been over 1400 unique bird sightings in india. while most of these bird species have been observed through the human eye, some have been heard and not seen, while the presence of few bird species has only been noted by their footprints.
from the humble sparrow to the mighty sarus crane, the enigmatic jungle owlet to the enchanting indian paradise flycatcher, the majestic flamingo to the graceful tundra swan, from the rare himalayan quail to the common myna, india has it all.
it is our topmost priority to educate our students in as many of these wonderfully delightful bird species that one can find in india.
most bird guides, ornithologists and birders tend to focus mainly on bird watching and not on the bird calls.
real birders actually focus not just on seeing the bird but also love to identify birds with the sounds they make.
on enoma, there is sufficient training in bird sounds provided. you will learn not just "bird watching" but also "bird listening".
birders are not merely bird watching, they are focused on every single aspect of the birding experience.

certificate awarded by enoma
participants of the basic, intermediate and advanced courses are awarded a certificate on successful completion of the courses.
your certificate will be couriered to you within 30 days of completing this course.
this certification by enoma is proof of the abundant passion you have for the field of birding.
it suitably equips you to continue birding with confidence long after our course ends.
it also gives you an edge over other birders who lack knowledge on birding skills & techniques.


about our online courses
the first advanced birding course in india was provided by enoma in the year 2022.
students enjoy learning about birds on enoma. we have low fees with the core purpose of educating bird watchers in birding.
we actually teach students effective birding during the course. we do not just throw course material on our students in the hope that they will learn birding on their own.
in our secure learning area, our mentors are available to interact with students every single week.
this is done to ensure that students are always enhancing their knowledge on birds during the course tenure.
our primary objective is to train students totally. discipline, passion and interest are key ingredients in the birding field.
over 20,000 hours have been invested into successfully training our students through our online courses since 2005.
the tutorial videos, birding tips, forum posts and assignments helps students prepare well for independent birding trips in the future.

the course mentors
the course mentors of the birding courses on enoma are kirti, max and savio dsilva.
kirti dsilva is the founder of enoma. she genuinely loves birds and has dramatically enhanced her birding skills during the ongoing pandemic. she is an artist, counselor, teacher and (now) mentor by profession.
max dsilva is a master birder. he can identify thousands of birds just by observing a picture or video of them. he can also recognize hundreds of birds just by listening to the sounds it makes.
savio dsilva is the course director on enoma. he too is an artist, birder, counselor, teacher and mentor by profession.
every single student is directly trained and mentored by our mentors during their course tenure.

message by the mentors
  
message from the course mentors kirti, savio and max dsilva....
congratulations on taking the first step towards training yourself to become a birder.
it gives us great pleasure to introduce you to our online birding courses on enoma.org.
our courses are designed for anyone who loves birds and bird watching.
we are happy to guide you in becoming an accomplished birder through proper mentoring on enoma.
enoma is here to turn bird lovers into avid birders. registered students learn birding under our direct guidance.
we have invested tons of hours into creating our comprehensive online training program in birding.
students who join our courses can contact us to discuss birds and birding on a regular basis.
as mentors, we make sure we are always present for our students through regular updates and training activities.
registered students can complete our training programs by devoting few hours a week towards their learning.
enoma's advanced birding course is a complete training program that fulfills your need to become an exceptional birder.
the training material, bird quizzes and observation games helps students gain in-depth knowledge on birding.
it becomes relatively easy to go bird watching as an experienced birder after you complete our birding courses on enoma.org.
ours is the first online course to provide students with ample opportunities to practice their birding skills through online observation games and other interesting activities.
enoma's infrastructure is built on a rock-solid network to provide the finest quality education available mostly at the top universities in the world.

about enoma
these online courses in birding are offered by enoma, a private and autonomous institute in mumbai, india.
we offer specialized training programs in birding under the able guidance of our course mentors.
we are experienced birders that educate, guide and train students via digital content.
the high standards, clearly chalked out course guidelines and quality infrastructure makes our birding courses the finest in the world.
we have our own training methodology that is built through hard work, sincerity and passion over a period of many years.
you will love being part of our birding courses. the regular interaction and vast array of interesting activities helps you grow into an avid birder during the course.

excellent support
each registered student gets special access to a personal messaging portal. from this portal, students can contact the course mentors as and when they need to discuss matters related to the course.
this is an incredibly useful innovation that enhances learning and interaction among students and mentors.
apart from this, students can visit the secure learning area to get the latest updates, read notes, complete assignments and participate in interesting activities.

detailed profile system
students can access their detailed profile on the forum.
a complete record of all activities of each student is maintained on this profile page.
a student can quickly know how they are performing on any given day of the course.

exclusive cafe enoma access
students get exclusive access to cafe enoma in order to share their thoughts on birding and other topics.
students are also granted access to over 2000 posts on life enrichment, nature, meditation, birding, personality development, psychology and many other useful topics.

copyright 2005 - 2025 enoma

