




complete guide to greece & services | greeka











































































(+30) 211 85 03 006



















ferry tickets









tailor made









island hopping









tours









car rentals







about us






contact us


contact us
















destinations


our services


travel info


hotels


eat & drink


community


articles






search




sign in















destinations


our services


travel info


hotels


eat & drink


community


articles




search






 


guide to greece
organize your trip with the specialists!




	                                        get our tailor-made services!
	                                        

 


read next:
explore the most postcard-worthy greek islands












 
									photo by alexis

 


explore the most postcard-worthy greek islands



	                                        best greek islands
	                                        

 


read next:
discover the most famous ancient sites












 
									photo by krilis

 


discover the most famous ancient sites



	                                        explore the ancient sites
	                                        

 


read next:
organize your trip with the specialists!












 
									photo by greeka

 
 
trending topics
 


top islands & mainland

 


island-hopping itineraries

 


best beaches

 


selection of hotels

 


join the community!

 







our guide to greece allows you to discover practical tips and facts about all your favorite destinations: photos, must-see landmarks, beaches, villages, hotels & restaurants, tours & activities, and a lot more things to do in greece.







discover greece




find the best islands & mainland destinations for an unforgettable holiday in greece.
if you are looking for islands in the aegean or the ionian sea, a mainland destination, a city, or an ancient site, we got you covered!



i know

where to go

destinations

select a destination
aeginaagistrialonissosamorgosanafiandrosantiparosarachovaastypaleaathenschaniachioscorfudelphidonoussaelafonissosepidaurusermionifolegandrosfournigythiohalkihalkidikiheraklionhydraikariaiosirakliaithacakalavrytakalymnoskarpathoskeakefaloniakimoloskoskoufonisiakyparissiakythirakythnoslassithilefkadalemnosleroslesvoslipsimathrakimeganisimesolongimeteoramilosmonemvasiamycenaemykonosmystrasnafpaktosnafplionnaxosnisyrosolympiapargaparospatmospatrapaxipelionporosporto helirethymnorhodessamossantorinischinoussaserifossifnossikinossimiskiathosskopelosskyrosspartispetsessyrosthassosthessalonikitilostinoszagorochoriazakynthos





close




i need help

find your destination

destinations by regionsfamous ancient sitesuse our servicesisland-hopping itineraries
best beachesthings to doask the communityholidays by lifestyle




close






top places to visit

cosmopolitan islands, exotic beaches, lush green landscapes, breathtaking sea views, ancient sites... we could go on forever!
no matter how you imagine your dream trip in greece, we are experts in helping you plan your trip.



athens






santorini


mykonos


rhodes






corfu


skiathos


chania


view all destinations








greece as seen by our community


connect with an amazing group of photo enthusiasts and upload your best photos of greece. you can also view thousands of photos in our many photo galleries.
alternatively, share your experience with us on social media using the tag #greekacom.









community











our latest articles

we've been everywhere and we share everything with you! so, we reveal all the hidden beauties, hot holiday tips and must-visit places, to experience your trip like a local!


















read more articles







general information

greece & its islands are famous for 3 things: ancient civilization, amazing landscapes, and well-established tourism.
really beloved by people, the country is so rich in culture and beauty that it never seems to be completely explored, no matter how many times you visit it. after all, this is one of the reasons that brought it to the list of the top 20 tourist holiday destinations worldwide.
the country has become a must destination, according to the modern lifestyle. over the last decades, it has been visited by jet-setters, including politicians, musicians, actors, artists, and other celebrities with a significant contribution to the popularity of the country.
our guide has gathered information about important aspects of the country.
• history 
• culture 
• photos 
• beaches 


more info







organize your trip


it’s time to cross off your bucket list the trip to greece and its best islands! it is one of the safest countries in europe where you can lay under the hot sun, visit exotic beaches, dip in emerald waters, stroll around picturesque villages, watch magical sunsets, stay at luxurious hotels, visit worldwide famous archaeological sites… the list of things to do is never-ending!
a trip to greece and the islands is something you should not worry about. whatever type of traveler you are, you will not be disappointed in your trip. whether you like beaches or mountains, winter or summer, relaxing or partying, it will be the best choice for your holidays, if you are alone, in a couple or in family.
with an easy connection to athens by ferry, the islands are the perfect places to gather precious holiday memories.
learn everything about greece and organize your holidays: how to get there and move around, documents needed, the best time to visit, reasons to visit, and more.
• flights 
• airport 
• ferries 
• buses 


travel info








organize your holiday

book your holiday with greeka.com, your local travel operator specialized in greece and the greek islands since 1999.
our services are rated . read reviews about our services.
our guide and services won the silver award (2020) of the annual tourism awards.
cancellation guarantee! book your next trip with peace of mind! read more.












tailor-made services












island hopping packages












ferry tickets












car rentals












tours & activities












hotels & accommodations












cruises












transfers




all travel services









discover our holiday packages

booking the perfect holiday package is the best way to enjoy your trip to its fullest and make sure you'll see all the famous islands of your bucket list! choose one of our complete island-hopping and packages, to explore the most beautiful greek islands carefree. what's better than enjoying your trip without minding the details?





















athens - mykonos - santorini




days:
7 days


from
€ 990.00


























athens - mykonos - paros - santorini




days:
9 days


from
€ 1190.00


























athens - mykonos - santorini - crete




days:
10 days


from
€ 1762.00























athens - paros - naxos




days:
7 days


from
€ 782.00






view more packages



what people say about us









excellent service
we booked all our greek island ferry tickets through greeka.com.  what a fantastic professional service.  the tickets where even couriered to my office is johannesburg, south africa.  they kep t me up to date on any changes.  all when smoothly like clockwork.  thank you for an amazing service.

regards

raymond roos
raymond




super
everything was perfect: easy booking and fasts delivery! i recommend greeka.com!!!
sarah_rossi2003




excellent service before during and after the trip
you have a personal contact near you to solve your doubts and problems anytime. fast and great service.
spastorquia




very good
had ordered tickets on line and picked up all tickets with no problems
p_tapinos



read all reviews











do you have a question?
do you have a question about greece and the greek islands? where to stay? where to eat? and more?
do not hesitate to ask the community! greeka team and its community members will be delighted to help you!


ask the community




subscribe to our newsletter


enter your email address to receive our latest news, offers and community updates.








do you like greeka?
spread the word!




facebook



instagram



twitter



pinterest










promote your business today
learn more about our programs



register your travel agency
and get discounts



did we miss something?
submit info or ask for correction







homewe are hiring!sitemap 

about usprivacy policynewsletter 





need support?


(0030) 211 85 03 006

contact us


facebookinstagramtwitterpinterestlinkedin 







accepted payments


visa


mastercard


paypal





                    ©  greeka
                

created with
 by
                    
















share this page on facebook





share this page on twitter





copy the url of this page






top

 



close modal




search greeka








close modal























sign in to the greeka community.
upload your best photos of greece and interact with other greeka members!
sign in



 














			we use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic. by browsing this site you agree to our use of cookies. learn more about our cookies policy



ok, got it!





