




perio chart | periodontal charting | florida probe system



























































 









fp newsletter signup
about florida probe corporation

 





keep up to date on the 
                          latest advancements, price discounts and news on the florida probe system by signing up to receive our newsletter.
all information is for internal use only and is kept 
                            confidential. 









first name:
last name:
email address:




 




 



 





close panel 



florida probe corporation has been the industry leader in computerized probing and charting for over 20 years. we are proud of our history, longevity and innovation in this field. the florida probe handpiece (computerized probe) was invented at the university of florida in 1985 in response to a request by the national institutes of health and received fda approval in 1987. soon after, a computer program was added to organize and track changes in patients' periodontal health. this was the beginning of the florida probe system. read more >
in 2009, we are pleased to announce a major upgrade to our fp32 perio charting software, version 9, which features e-pad digital signature capture and storage for patient diagnosis sheets/informed consent; live chat feature within the actual software; sql database management and support for our new wireless keypad (part of the goprobe system). 

close panel


















our products
fptv
trade shows & events
resources
support
contact us



 










go-probe
fndc

 





































































 
























































mark






florida probe: in the news        1. you now have the ability to add your own office logo to our revolutionary perio chart!        2.  our voiceworks team will be at the cds midwinter meeting february 20-22 in chicago! visit us at booth #4106 to learn more about our amazing new voiceworks voice-activated periodontal charting system.         3.  new videos available on our vimeo channel!        4. new ball tips are available! they are 3 for $24.00.        5.  follow us on  facebook, instagram or twitter!





 scroll left | pauseplay 

scroll right








 













































 





