








jeff foxworthy























abouton tourstorevideosblogabouton tourstorevideosblogjeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books.jeff has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters.jeff is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm.jeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books.jeff has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters.jeff is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm.jeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books.jeff has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters.jeff is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm.jeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books.jeff has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters.jeff is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm.jeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books. he's hosted or starred in five tv series and was also a part of one of the most successful comedy tours of all time, the blue collar comedy tour. and let's not forget he's given rednecks more jokes than they know what to do with...see jeff live jeff has excelled as a comic, an author, and a tv personality for over 25 years. he has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters. jeff is just a guy. so don’t be mad that his jokes are better than yours.see jeff livejeff might be one of the funniest guys on the planet, but he is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm. foxworthy outdoors puts this obsession for hunting and fishing into motion through webisodes, licensed products, and a good excuse to climb into a tree stand.see jeff livejeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books. he's hosted or starred in five tv series and was also a part of one of the most successful comedy tours of all time, the blue collar comedy tour. and let's not forget he's given rednecks more jokes than they know what to do with...see jeff live jeff has excelled as a comic, an author, and a tv personality for over 25 years. he has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters. jeff is just a guy. so don’t be mad that his jokes are better than yours.see jeff livejeff might be one of the funniest guys on the planet, but he is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm. foxworthy outdoors puts this obsession for hunting and fishing into motion through webisodes, licensed products, and a good excuse to climb into a tree stand.see jeff livejeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books. he's hosted or starred in five tv series and was also a part of one of the most successful comedy tours of all time, the blue collar comedy tour. and let's not forget he's given rednecks more jokes than they know what to do with...see jeff live jeff has excelled as a comic, an author, and a tv personality for over 25 years. he has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters. jeff is just a guy. so don’t be mad that his jokes are better than yours.see jeff livejeff might be one of the funniest guys on the planet, but he is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm. foxworthy outdoors puts this obsession for hunting and fishing into motion through webisodes, licensed products, and a good excuse to climb into a tree stand.see jeff livejeff is one of the world's most respected comedians. he's the largest-selling comedy-recording artist, a multiple grammy award nominee, and bestselling author of more than twenty-six books. he's hosted or starred in five tv series and was also a part of one of the most successful comedy tours of all time, the blue collar comedy tour. and let's not forget he's given rednecks more jokes than they know what to do with...see jeff live jeff has excelled as a comic, an author, and a tv personality for over 25 years. he has made more people laugh than anyone on earth, but at the heart of it, jeff foxworthy is a guy. born and raised in atlanta, jeff worked hard to be a great comedian, worked hard to marry up (and he did), and is still working hard to take care of his daughters. jeff is just a guy. so don’t be mad that his jokes are better than yours.see jeff livejeff might be one of the funniest guys on the planet, but he is passionate about the outdoors. he loves to hunt and spend time in the outdoors every spare minute on his georgia farm. foxworthy outdoors puts this obsession for hunting and fishing into motion through webisodes, licensed products, and a good excuse to climb into a tree stand.see jeff live......aboutabouttour datestour datesstorestoretimelinetimeline1984jeff wins great southeastern laugh-off1987jeff writes his first "you might be a redneck if..." joke1990jeff wins “best stand-up comic” at 1990 american comedy awards1993you might be a redneck if...launches1995the jeff foxworthy show1996jeff nominated for a grammy award1998the album, totally committed released1999the foxworthy countdown radio show launches2004blue collar tv launches2005jeff foxworthy comedy central roast2005the first redneck dictionary released2006jeff’s second redneck dictionary released2007the final redneck dictionary2008jeff releases his first children’s book2009silly street released2009jeff hosts are you smarter than a 5th grader?2012jeff hosts the american bible challenge2015jeff launches 24/7 comedy channel exclusively on siriusxm@ 2024 jeff foxworthycontact usshipping & returnsprivacylegal@ 2024 jeff foxworthycontact usshipping & returnsprivacylegal




    
    function fetchandupdatejoke(elementid) {
    fetch('https://webverie-api-f99d4f642dfe.herokuapp.com/jokes/random')
        .then(response => response.json())
        .then(data => {
            const element = document.getelementbyid(elementid);
            if (element) {
                const ptag = element.queryselector('p');
                if (ptag) {
                    ptag.textcontent = data.text;
                } else {
                    console.error("no  tag found inside the element with id: " + elementid);
                }
            } else {
                console.error("element with id: " + elementid + " not found.");
            }
        })
        .catch(error => {
            console.error('error fetching the joke:', error);
        });
}

document.addeventlistener('domcontentloaded', function() {
    fetchandupdatejoke('redneck-joke-punchline');
});



