

oceanweather inc














 
 

 





 

 
 













 

oceanweather inc. is a specialized metocean consulting firm serving
    the coastal and ocean engineering communities since 1977. our approach is to
    develop and apply high-level technology to satisfy practical requirements
    in marine meteorology, ocean wave and current specification, ocean
    engineering, and statistics of environmental data. our
    services include atmospheric/oceanographic research, site-specific consulting/modeling,
    operational forecasting, and generation of long-term climatologies for operability
    and design in the marine environment.
   








news


jan 24, 2025


              erin harris becomes president of oceanweather
            

oceanweather inc. (owi) would like to announce that effective january 1st, 2025, vice president erin harris has succeeded andrew (andy) cox as company president. andy cox is eager to continue working as a president emeritus focused on research projects, and his new advisory role. he has served as president since 2013 after the passing of founder dr. vince cardone, during which time he demonstrated commendable leadership of the company and its employees. we are proud of his accomplishments during his tenure and his continued commitment to the longevity of the company.
erin harris started her career at oceanweather in 2003 as an intern. in 2007, she took the lead as speculative products manager, and in 2020, succeeded brian callahan as vice president.
project manager alex crosby will replace erin as vice president of oceanweather, while continuing his work as an ocean engineer. alex joined owi in 2014.


president erin harris (left) and vice president alex crosby (right)

click through to read more...


oct 29, 2024


              fast response hindcasts available for significant hurricanes helene and milton
            

oceanweather (owi) have recently completed short-term hindcast reanalyses of hurricanes helene and milton, from which data products are now available. owi routinely produces “fast-response” tropical cyclone hindcasts for significant storms in order to support hurricane recovery activities and to improve future resiliency.  detailed reanalysis of the conditions experienced in a strong offshore and/or land-falling hurricane are essential for accurate ocean response modeling designed provide critical guidance on the extent of the storm wave and surge inundation. wind, pressure, and/or owi’s standard bulk wave parameter fields or timeseries for these events are available.


goes satellite image of hurricane milton approaching landfall in florida with the corresponding nhc forecast and warnings. (noaa, nhc & owi)

click through to read more...


jul 19, 2024


              hurricane beryl fast response hindcast
            

in order to support hurricane recovery activities and to improve future resiliency, oceanweather (owi) routinely produces “fast-response” tropical cyclone hindcasts for significant storms and has started work on recent 2024 hurricane beryl.  a detailed reanalysis of the conditions experienced in a land-falling hurricane are required in any ocean response modeling to provide critical guidance on the extent of the storm wave and surge inundation. owi can provide wind, pressure, and/or owi’s standard wave fields for these events.
as experts in providing meteorological forcing for ocean response modeling of extreme wind, wave and storm surge events, owi has a long history of quickly responding to the need for hindcasts of recent or active tropical events. this expertise is also applied in long-term operational and storm hindcasts in public and private sectors around the globe.


goes satellite image of cyclone beryl approaching the windward islands and caribbean sea (noaa)

click through to read more...








copyright
      2001-2018 oceanweather, inc.













