




spokane's recruiting, staffing, & temp agency - provisional














































 














skip to content







connect with a recruiter: (800) 805-0361 







employee login 












 









browse jobs
talent
business
contact
 

 menu


browse jobs
talent
business
contact
 

















connecting top talent with leading companies 



bringing the best to the best. 









 









job seekers 













 









employers 



















accounting + finance​ jobswe connect job seekers with rewarding accounting and finance roles, and help businesses find skilled professionals to manage their financial operations.​ 







 
learn more











healthcare + nursing jobswe are connecting compassionate healthcare professionals with businesses dedicated to quality care and service to enhance the patient experience. 







 
learn more











administrative + customer supportwe help candidates land dynamic sales and marketing roles, while providing businesses with top-tier professionals to drive growth and brand success.​ 







 
learn more















client portfolio 











provisional recruiting and staffing has successfully connected hundreds of businesses across various industries with the accounting, finance, administrative, customer support, and healthcare talent they need, offering personalized strategies that drive success. 

































































 












located in the heart of the pacific northwest, provisional recruiting and staffing specializes in connecting job seekers and employers in accounting, finance, healthcare, administrative and customer support. our industry expertise makes us the go-to resource for finding the right people for the right positions. 











your career matters. 







 







at provisional recruiting and staffing, we’re committed to helping you find the perfect job that aligns with your skills and career goals. we connect you with top employers in the pacific northwest, offering opportunities in accounting, finance, healthcare, administrative, and customer support. 







 
explore jobs











 
learn more















talent that drives your business. 



your business deserves the best talent, and provisional recruiting and staffing is here to help you find it. we specialize in connecting companies with highly qualified professionals who can drive growth and success in your organization. 







 
learn more











 











 







insider insights. 



stay ahead in the competitive job market with expert insights from provisional recruiting and staffing. whether you’re a job seeker or employer, explore tips on crafting standout resumes and optimizing your hiring process. 







 
resources











 
explore blog








































why work with provisional? 









marie w read more 


						provisional has placed several direct-hire accountants with our organization in sensitive roles. these associates continue to enjoy success with our organization. temporary staff has been placed in a variety of clerical positions for special projects. they have excellent follow-up, keeping us regularly aware of the status of the assignment until it is filled.					






kelsey h read more 


						i thought it was great! i was asked good questions and was directed in helpful ways.					






rowene e read more 


						i am very happy with the job opportunities i have received so far. the first day i interviewed with provisional i received a job offer. it didn't work out but that is a quick turn-around from other places i have tried. the staff is very friendly and is there when i have called. i am continuing to receive job offers from you and the offers are exactly what my skills and abilities offer.					






stacy h read more 


						your staff is friendly and extremely helpful!					






jamal d read more 


						my entire experience with them from phone call to interview was absolutely professional and great!!					






robyn m read more 


						positive delightful staff. in the first 5 hours i had some employment possibilities and am keeping my fingers crossed for a great job soon. thank you!!					






aiesha h read more 


						i feel great! everyone is very professional and polite. ready to help and answer questions.					






jessica s read more 


						i had a really great experience. the staff that i talked to were all very professional and incredibly helpful. i would defiantly go back and i will recommend to friends and family.					






jessica g read more 


						my experience with provisional has been nothing but positive. i feel like they are truly behind me in my job search.					





 previous


 next
















job placements 

1
+











combined revenue 
$
1
m+











best business awards 

1
+











years of recruiting experience 

1
+





























home




accounting + finance




healthcare




admin + customer support




tools




resources




our team















spokane >> 



800.805.0361washington trust bank tower – east601 west 1st ave. suite 1420 spokane, wa 99201 










facebook-f
 



linkedin
 






privacy policy 











© provisional   |   logo + web: front roi 















 









submit a candidate or client referral and get cash back! 










learn more













































