

roatan honduras hotels, scuba diving, real estate, restaurants and island life | bay islands honduras, central america caribbean






  your caribbean destination: roatan honduras hotels 
and resorts, scuba diving, shore excursions, and real estate - bay islands, central 
america   




 


 
 advertise
 
   welcome to  roatan online
  guide to roatan honduras, bay islands, central america   roatan 
              honduras hotels & resorts, diving, 
              real 
              estate




 
 roatan property management and vacation rentals
 



hotels, 
            resorts, rentals scuba 
            divingreal 
            estaterestaurants, 
            diningbusiness 
            servicesshore 
            excursionsshoppingthings 
            to do & tourspictures - photo gallery 
            island life honduras spa 
            servicesroatan 
            informationroatan honduras 
            travel             - getting hererent car or truckweddings on roatanbooks, 
            videos, dvdsabout roatan online
 get 
listed on roatan online
  shore excursions 
            for cruise ship visitors 
roatan 
maps, annual events, culture, internet, shopping, dining & business services
beach 
            houses and vacation rentals, bed & breakfasts, villas & budget 
            lodgings.  motorcycle, 
            scooter and bike rentals, shopping, 
             area activities, sailing charters, and 
            attractions. and 
            roatan is the home of idabel, one of only 2 deep diving submersibles 
            in the world offering deep diving tours to the public. check out 
            the zip line jungle 
            canopy tours! want to get married on roatan? 
books, videos, dvds and photos 
            of interesting places in roatan and honduras, underwater 
            photos, caribbean recipes, 
            fishing and local celebration photos, 
            photos of beautiful caribbean beaches 
            for swimming & snorkeling --             be sure to see our photo of the month and our             free downloadable roatan wallpapers and backgrounds.




 


 travel 
                    to roatan honduras                    airlines & agents with competitive roatan airfares.
 












the beautiful caribbean island of roatan 
in the bay islands of honduras offers some of the world's best scuba diving. the 
island is surrounded by the world's second largest coral reef, hugging most of 
the shore. this provides calm, clear beaches for swimming and snorkeling, and 
many varieties of sea life. almost every hotel, vacation rental, resort, and other 
lodging is close enough to walk to beaches, and roatan's many excellent dive operators 
assure convenient access.
roatan is not as "touristy" as many 
caribbean islands, but you will find plenty of activities and things to see and 
learn about the island and honduran culture.
roatan honduras offers accommodation in a wide variety of prices and 
        amenities. everyone from budget travelers to those who demand the very 
        best can find exactly what they want - hotels and hostels, resorts, a 
        first class fly fishing lodge, private homes and villas, and apartments. 

            roatan beaches, sandy 
          bay and west bay,           and camp bay, roatan, bay 
          islands, honduras 




those of 
you looking for retirement or vacation homes for sale will find what you are looking 
for, too. we have real estate for most tastes 
and budgets - on beaches, ironshore, or hillsides with spectacular views.
the 
island's friendly, "laid back" atmosphere is an ideal setting for relaxing and 
enjoying the many fine restaurants, bars, and other attractions such as marble 
hills farms, the mangrove 
tunnel near oak ridge, carambola gardens, 
the iguana farm, the institute for marine sciences at anthony's key, 
and the cameo factory in coxen hole.
for the cruise ship visitor, roatan 
honduras offers shore excursions, interesting 
places and attractions, and great hassle-free shopping. 
or you can relax and enjoy snorkeling and swimming on our beautiful beaches.








look around the site. 
you will see more photos and local information here than on any other roatan honduras 
guide...



    


            cangrejal river front property

    
    


            west end waterfront development property

    




click here for comments
link information  



 
