



architectural remodeling austin - residential remodeling, additions & auxiliary dwelling units - plans to permits


















































architectural remodeling austinresidential remodeling, additions & auxiliary dwelling units - plans to permitshome
about
personal service
consultant goals
photo gallery
testimonials
resources

sample reports and plans

sample report #1: remodel
sample report #2: remodel
sample report #3: design development


questions and answers
homeowner resources


contact
 since 1979 for over 45 years, allen seale has been a licensed architect. based in austin, the firm specializes in residential remodels, additions & auxiliary dwelling units. call for free phone consultation.




personal servicearchitecture from the clients perspective:
i will listen to your needs, convert your concepts into drawings, proceed through design development, produce the  documents and help you find a builder who can make your dream a reality.
i will visit with you on-site, listen to … read more...

consultant goalswhat can we accomplish?

 	answer questions about your building needs and initial concepts. we will very often discover some very useful new ideas and money saving concepts along the way.
 	develop sketches to help describe your idea to your builder or architect. you keep … read more...featured projects
penthousethis was an old style interior setup. the owner requested a more modern interior. this pent had two floors and a staircase behind the kitchen. this was completely changed to more open floor with … read more...1605 1st streetthis was a rundown residence with 4 bedrooms and lots of problems plumbing and electrical. the trusses were reinforced so beam or columns were needed to support the roof. therefore we a clear … read more...50’s renovationthis was a 1940's home subdivided into too many separate rooms. we did not make an addition. we simply rearranged the interior spaces to be more open and accessible. the living room, dining and … read more...bath/shower combothis was an older residence in a good neighborhood which was too small and needed an attached garage. the major additions included a new master bedroom with skylights, a new master bath and a new … read more...from the blog
building permits in austin (do i need an architect)09/23/2024  by allen sealebuilding permits austin texas



getting a building permit to
remodel my house in austin, texas: do i need an architect?



home remodeling is an exciting
endeavor, especially in a vibrant city like austin, texas. … read more...city of austin zoning changes10/27/2023  by allen sealeintroduction:



the city of austin is at the center of a
heated debate over proposed zoning changes that could reshape the urban
landscape. these changes are aimed at addressing various challenges, … read more...adu: auxiliary dwelling unit11/01/2018  by allen sealeadu
auxiliary dwelling unit

an auxiliary dwelling unit (adu) is considered as a separate dwelling on a residential lot that has a separate entry, a parking space, independent access and does not infringe on any … read more...no obligation project consultation



i will be happy to discuss your project.  please feel free to call at 512-892-1977 or send this form and i will reply.
fill out the form below or  call (512) 892-1977 for a phone consultation.



* (required field)




name:*









email:*









subject:*









message:*


















please enter this code into the box below before sending.if you need a new image, press the small refresh button.*


















 

return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 · allen seale, austin architect








