








































    lucerne inn | charming hotel and event venue in bangor, maine.
  

 

















              

     rooms



  about us


   things to do



  contact us





  gallery





   weddings



  dining



  events






   

book online








    
 





         




 welcome to the lucerne inn

 discover the new england spirit at our hotel in the bangor area of maine

   check-in:


 check-out:


  book now







     

fall-winter menu

  

ayce seafood dine in menu

  

ayce seafood to go menu

 all you can eat seafood fridays are back starting january 10th!

dine-in or take-out. regular menu available. call today for your reservations!

(207) 843-5123

restaurant hours:
closed on mondays & tuesdays.


***winter hours***

rian's pub: 4pm-9pm wednesday-sunday
restaurant: 5pm-9pm wednesday-sunday.

sunday brunch: 9am-11:30am on sundays

 reservations accepted.  walk-ins welcome.



the swimming pool is closed for the season.
 





  


   lucerne inn﻿the lucerne inn is the perfect choice for your romantic getaway, wedding, or special event.  feel completely at home in beautifully appointed rooms with seasonal fireplaces and beautiful views.  lounge by our seasonal outdoor pool.  gather for drinks and casual fare at rian’s pub or enjoy a fine dining experience at our restaurant.  if you decide to venture out, explore acadia national park on mount desert island, visit thunder hole, sand beach, falling rock, or just take a drive along the coast.come see us to find out why the lucerne inn is one of the most charming and delightful inns in maine. 
scroll down & see
  





  


  


  


    family double


  executive king suite




   overlooking the surrounding forest and hills and the inn’s patio and pool area, the family double room accommodates four people and features two double beds, seasonal fireplace, and private bathroom.  please note these rooms do have an obstructed view from may-october due to the location of our event tent on the patio. please call for further details/information. 
  

view all rooms


 overlooking phillips lake and the surrounding forest and hills, our executive suites accommodate three people and feature a king bed, a pull-out sofa, seasonal fireplace, and private bathroom. 
  

view all rooms




    weddings


  dining




   overlooking phillips lake just outside of bangor, the lucerne inn offers a beautiful wedding backdrop in the maine countryside.  in the romantic overlook room or tented patio, our wedding venues are inspired by our breathtaking surroundings. 
  

weddings


 among places to eat in bangor, maine our lucerne inn restaurant and rian’s pub are as popular with our neighbors as they are with visitors and inn guests.  please join us for a dining experience where the ambiance is inviting and the cuisine inspired. 
  

dining




     



  david & jayne

very few hotels in bangor, me capture the spirit, charm, and romance of new england like the lucerne inn.  the inn is  quaint, 200 plus year old inn tucked into the scenic hills near the maine coast, framed by colonial clapboard architecture with views of phillips lake and spectacular scenery all year round. arriving at the inn, you are greeted by a sense of timelessness and tranquil seclusion.  owners and innkeepers, david and jayne silverman, perfectly balance warm hospitality with an easygoing style that allows you to relax and discover the inn’s charm for yourself.the 19th century ambiance is genuine and unmistakable, with unique period furniture and artwork throughout.  as you relax in your room, you will be delighted to find modern comforts like complimentary wi-fi and flat-screen televisions seamlessly infused into the historic design.with amenities that include a seasonal outdoor pool, pub-style comfort food and the casual rian’s pub and seasonal outdoor deck and fine-dining at the lucerne inn restaurant.  the lucerne inn offers a truly on-of-a-kind experience steeped in the essence of maine. 



    book your next stay today

  

book now




    our location

discover the new england spirit at our hotel in the bangor area of maine
  





     

thelucerne_inn

    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button














       


  our location

2517 main rd. dedham, me 04429
  

@lucerneinn.com

  

(207) 843-5123


  site map

homeroomsgalleryweddingabout ussocial & corporate events

  connect

  

contact us

  

book online

    

 

 

 







     © 2025 
lucerne inn  /  all rights reserved  / powered by cloudbeds



 terms & conditions   /
privacy & cookie statement




















































































































  
  share by:










 
 


