





 the vw independent

































 









  
  saturday, feb. 15, 2025


van wert weather forecast



news
sports
opinion
lifestyles
arts
law enforcement
real estate
education
church
obituaries
farm





business-employment
about us
submit stories
archives









rss


 


 








it was a big success – rivals united 2025 between crestview and lincolnview raised $31,203 for the united way of van wert county. the money will be used to help those in need. the two schools competed in various events throughout the week to help raise funds. the grand total was announced friday night during the crestview vs. lincolnview game. for a full game story, check the sports page. bob barnes/van wert independent



posted: 02/15/25 at 12:49 am





human bird flu case in mercer county



vw independent staff/submitted information
the ohio department of health is reporting the state’s first probable human case of influenza a(h5), also known as highly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai), or bird flu. an adult male mercer county farm worker who was in contact with deceased commercial poultry was infected with the virus.
the centers for disease control and prevention considers the current risk of bird flu for the general public to be low. however, people with close and prolonged, unprotected contact with infected birds are at greater risk.
commercial poultry owners should practice good biosecurity and prevent contact between their poultry and wild birds, specifically migratory waterfowl. 
avoid handling sick birds or other animals and immediately report unusual signs of disease or unexpected deaths to ohio poultry association at 614.882.6111 or the ohio department of agriculture at 614.728.6220 or after hours at 888.456.3405. 
according to the ohio department of agriculture, best biosecurity practices for commercial poultry owners include:

prevent contact with wild birds and waterfowl. keep birds indoors when possible. add wildlife management practices around your farm. hpaifactsheet_wildlife-biosecurity.pdf (usda.gov
keep visitors to a minimum. only allow those who care for your poultry to have contact with them and make sure they follow biosecurity principles.
wash your hands before and after contact with live poultry. use soap and water. if using a hand sanitizer, first remove manure, feathers, and other materials from your hands.
provide disposable boot covers (preferred) and/or disinfectant footbaths for anyone having contact with your flock. if using a footbath, remove all droppings, mud or debris from boots and shoes using a long-handled brush before stepping in. always keep it clean.
establish a rodent and pest control program. deliver, store, and maintain feed, ingredients, bedding and litter to limit exposure to and contamination from wild animals.
use drinking water sourced from a contained supply (well or municipal system). do not use surface water for drinking or cleaning. 
clean and disinfect tools and equipment before moving them to a new poultry facility. trucks, tractors, tools and equipment should be cleaned and disinfected prior to exiting the property. do not move or reuse anything that cannot be cleaned. 
look for signs of illness. monitor egg production and death loss, discoloration and/or swelling of legs, wattles and combs, labored breathing, reduced feed/water consumption.

background on bird flu cases in humans
(more…)


posted: 02/15/25 at 12:48 am. filed under: news




three more death sentences delayed



vw independent staff/submitted information
columbus — citing ongoing problems with the willingness of pharmaceutical suppliers to provide drugs to the ohio department or rehabilitation and correction for lethal injection purposes, governor mike dewine issued three more reprieves of execution this week:

percy hutton, who was scheduled to be executed on june 18, 2025.  the new date of execution has been moved to june 21, 2028.
samuel moreland, who was scheduled to be executed on july 30, 2025.  the new date of execution has been moved to july 19, 2028.
douglas coley, who was scheduled to be executed on september 24, 2025. the new date of execution has been moved to august 15, 2028.

hutton has been on ohio’s death row since march of 1987, while moreland has been on death row since may of 1986. coley has been on row since june of 1998. all three were convicted of aggravated murder.
since taking office in 2019, dewine has not permitted a single execution. there are currently 114 inmates on ohio’s death row.



posted: 02/15/25 at 12:48 am. filed under: news




many gov’t offices closed on monday



vw independent staff
all federal, state and van wert county offices will be closed on monday, february 17, for the presidents’ day. the van wert municipal building will be open. post offices will be closed for the day.



posted: 02/15/25 at 12:48 am. filed under: news




sheriff’s office completes new program



scott truxell/independent editor
the van wert county sheriff’s office is among the first 10 ohio law enforcement agencies statewide to complete the new ohio collaborative law enforcement accreditation program. the announcement was made on thursday.
the program was created last year to recognize law enforcement agencies that voluntarily meet or exceed nearly three dozen state standards that address various core responsibilities such as professional conduct, bias-free policing, crisis intervention, and community engagement. 
along with the van wert county sheriff’s office, the newly accredited agencies range in size from small to large – the dayton police department, dublin police department, fairborn police department, ohio state highway patrol, mahoning county sheriff’s office, sidney police department, springfield police department, stark county sheriff’s office, and the university of toledo police department.

sheriff riggenbach
“the law enforcement agencies achieving accreditation have reached the state’s highest standards in professional excellence, integrity, and accountability,” governor mike dewine. “accreditation is important because it sends a message to the public that they’re being served by an agency that’s among the best of the best.”
“i am excited that the van wert county sheriff’s office was able to achieve accreditation with the ohio collaborative law enforcement accreditation program,” sheriff riggenbach said. “this process involved a lot of time and effort by a lot people within the sheriff’s office, but i believe this process was worth it. i viewed the opportunity to go through this process as another way to continue to improve the level of professionalism here at the sheriff’s office. the men and women of the van wert county sheriff’s office work hard every day to provide the best service we can to the citizens of van wert county.” 
“accreditation will be another way that we continue to strive to better serve our community,” riggenbach added. “the opportunity we were given to go through this process and without being charged financially to do it, was certainly a benefit. i hope other law enforcement agencies in ohio choose to go through this process.”
leadership at the newly accredited agencies volunteered last year to become the first agencies to seek accreditation. the program, which is the only state-administered accreditation program in the nation that does not charge law enforcement agencies to participate, is now open to all law enforcement agencies in the state. 
(more…)


posted: 02/13/25 at 9:47 pm. filed under: news




lancer ffa week celebrates ag education



vw independent staff/submitted information
lincolnview local schools has announced its upcoming ffa week celebration, which will take place february 18-21.
this nationwide event, observed annually during the third full week of february, celebrates the positive impact of agricultural education and the ffa’s mission of developing premier leadership, personal growth, and career success. since its inception in 1948, ffa week has provided a platform to showcase the organization’s achievements and engage communities in supporting the next generation of agricultural leaders.
this year’s celebration features a variety of activities, including themed dress-up days, a coloring contest for younger students, and the highly anticipated ag olympics assembly to showcase ffa spirit. students can participate in a change war to determine which lincolnview teacher must kiss a goat at the assembly.

shown from left to right are 2024-2025 lincolnview ffa officers gavin evans, lexi hoaglin, cassidy rank, lauren anspach, maddie gerdeman, ella davis, delana rank, elyssa renner, and grant zielke. photo submitted
the lincolnview ffa chapter will also be hosting a community breakfast from 6:30-8:15 a.m. wednesday, february 19, in the cafeteria. the breakfast will offer community members a chance to connect with ffa members and learn more about their activities.
a key focus of the week will be a service project benefiting nationwide children’s hospital, where the chapter will be collecting donations throughout the week.
the community is encouraged to participate in these events and support the lincolnview ffa in their mission to promote agriculture and develop future leaders.
there are 75 students involved in ffa, making it the largest student organization at lincolnview.
for more information about ffa contact jordan dues at jdues@lvlancers.com, or follow the lincolnview chapter on facebook.



posted: 02/13/25 at 9:46 pm. filed under: news




ag society hosting reverse raffle



submitted information
the van wert county agricultural society will be hosting its ninth annual reverse raffle on march 29, at the junior fair building at the van wert county fairgrounds. the doors will open at 5 p.m. and dinner will be served at 6 p.m.
the annual fundraiser will include multiple opportunities to win prizes, a 50/50 drawing, silent and live auction items and more. the last ticket drawn will receive $7,000, with the second to last ticket receiving $3,500, the third to last ticket receiving $1,500 and the fourth to last ticket receiving $750.
the event will be catered by gibson’s barnyard bbq. raffle tickets are $100 each and dinner tickets are $30 each. only 300 raffle tickets will be sold. both tickets include a catered meal, complimentary drinks and the ability to participate in the various activities held during the event. tickets for the event are available through the van wert county fair office, 1055 s. washington st., van wert, or by contacting any fair board director.



posted: 02/13/25 at 9:46 pm. filed under: news




klopfenstein seeks to update sorn law



vw independent staff/submitted information
columbus — state representatives roy klopfenstein (r-haviland) and josh williams (r-sylvania twp.) recently introduced legislation to close a current loophole in ohio’s sex offender registration and notification (sorn) laws.
this legislation will expand sorn laws to prevent sex offenders from living within 2,000 feet of their victim or loitering within 1,000 feet.

state representatives josh williams and roy klopfenstein introduce their bill to update ohio’s sorn laws. photo submitted
“eighty percent of sexual assaults are committed by someone the victim knows,” klopfenstein said. “updating current law to prohibit offenders from living near their victims is critical to ensure the safety of our children and greater communities.”
under current law, sex offenders are prohibited from living within 1,000 feet of any school, preschool, childcare center, children’s crisis care facility, or residential infant care center. however, there is no restriction preventing them from living right next door to their victim.
“under no circumstance should a child fear their safety in their own home,” williams said. “it is critical we act swiftly to close this dangerous loophole and ultimately, protect our kids and other victims of sexual assault.”
this bill is modeled after a law in oklahoma that passed unanimously and has since been adopted in five other states.
the legislation awaits a bill number and committee assignment.
klopfenstein represents ohio’s 82nd district, which includes all of van wert, paulding, and putnam counties and the southern portion of defiance county.



posted: 02/13/25 at 9:45 pm. filed under: news




valentine’s dinner postponed by weather



submitted information
convoy — due to the projected weather conditions this weekend, the convoy methodist church valentine’s dinner scheduled for sunday, february 16, has been re-scheduled for 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. sunday, february 23. 
the meal will be baked steak or pork loin, mashed or cheesy potatoes, vegetables, salad, and dessert. eat-in or carryout options will be available and the cost is a freewill donation, with proceeds going to the van wert ignite mission project.



posted: 02/13/25 at 9:44 pm. filed under: news




woman charged in od death arraigned



vw independent staff 
a van wert woman charged in connection with the overdose death of a relative last summer was one of eight people arraigned in van wert county common pleas court. a total of 12 hearings were held between thursday, february 7, and wednesday, february 12. judge martin d. burchfield presided over each of the hearings. 
arraignments 
april diltz, 46, of van wert, entered a not guilty plea to involuntary manslaughter, a first degree felony; corrupting another with drugs, a second degree felony, and possession of a fentanyl-related compound, a fourth degree felony.  she was released on a surety bond with electronic house arrest and a pre-trial conference was scheduled for 8:30 a.m. march 5.  the charges against diltz are tied to the july 3, 2024, death of a relative. according to a report from van wert police chief doug weigle, diltz and relative were in a motel room in the city and were using drugs. the relative overdosed and passed away. officers obtained a search warrant for the room and seized suspected drugs and paraphernalia. the report stated that diltz later admitted the drugs were hers.


daniel lehmkuhle, 26, of delphos, entered a not guilty plea to counterfeiting, a fourth degree felony, and attempted counterfeiting, a fifth degree felony. bond set at $5,000 cash or surety and a pre-trial conference was scheduled for 8 a.m. march 5.
eugene shultz, 47, of miamisburg, entered a not guilty plea to non-support of dependents, a fifth degree felony.  he was released on a surety bond and a pre-trial conference was scheduled for 9 a.m. march 6. 
joshua sargent, 43, of van wert, entered a not guilty plea to domestic violence and strangulation, both third degree felonies.  bond was set at $50,000 cash or commercial surety. sargent was ordered to have no contact with the victim and a pre-trial conference was scheduled for 8 a.m. march 5. 
eric pedemonti, 34, of van wert, entered a not guilty plea to theft, a fifth degree felony, and grand theft of a motor vehicle, a fourth degree felony.  judge burchfield set bond at $10,000 cash or surety and scheduled a pre-trial conference for 9 a.m. march 6. 
donald lewis, 60, of van wert, entered a not guilty plea to breaking and entering and theft, both fifth degree felonies. he was released on a surety bond and a pre-trial conference was scheduled for 9 a.m. thursday, february 20. 
fiona monosmith, 35, of spencerville, entered a not guilty plea to ovi, a first degree misdemeanor, and improperly handling firearms in a motor vehicle, a fourth degree felony. she was released on a surety bond and a pre-trial conference was set 1 p.m. thursday, february 27. 
(more…)


posted: 02/13/25 at 10:51 am. filed under: news




van wert city council discusses raises



scott truxell/independent editor
monday’s van wert city council executive session to discuss possible council raises was termed a productive one by councilwoman at-large jana ringwald.
ringwald chairs council’s finance committee and during a meeting in january, she suggested council members meet in executive session to discuss the matter. such a closed door discussion is permissible under ohio’s sunshine laws.
“my thought on the executive session is i thought the members of council might be a little more forthcoming if they had the privacy of an executive session,” she explained at the time.

jana ringwald
according to ringwald, monday’s executive session lasted approximately an hour and she presented information she researched before the discussion, including a historical perspective of prior council salary actions and discussions since 2020, along with salary data since 2006, which represents 10 two-year terms. she also noted van wert city council’s salary has remained at the same level, $4,900, since 2016.
other information presented by ringwald included state codes and actions regarding salaries of elected officials.
“current elected officials in ohio are within a 10-year plan of gradual salary increases of 1.75 percent per year,” she explained. “in ohio, city council salaries are not set by the state, but rather each city’s legislative body. any salary actions do not apply to the current term’s council salaries,  but rather the upcoming elected council.”
ringwald also presented data of 12 “like communities” in the area and throughout ohio having a similar population to the city of van wert. the data included for each city, including van wert, the population, council pay, average household income, general fund budget and relationship between the information for each community and averages for the sample group. 
(more…)


posted: 02/12/25 at 9:52 pm. filed under: news



 



      copyright © 2010-2025 the van wert independent — subscribe to our rss feed
       — web site design by j. dewert enterprises, llc
  
 

