


walter p. reuther library 


























return to home
advanced site search



 
 


image gallery
collections
publications
aprel
exhibits
blog
podcasts
 
 
 




social media













search archivesspace






search contentdm






ask an archivist





main menu


about us
contact us
donating materials
site search
help support the library
hosted web sites
newsletters and brochures 
oral history
reading room survey
scholarships 
log in






research information


audio visual

audio clips


reading room
university






latest uploads

reuther library closure - starting 3 p.m. february 12th & continuing february 13th 
announcement: accepting applications for the the ronald raven award 
detail of "political campaigns" case display 
now accepting - 2025 sam fishman travel grant applications 
on display: "political campaigns" case exhibit 
more







browse by all:  categories


choose one...
afscme
aft
alpa
damon j. keith
iww
jca
mda
nalc
seiu
swe
uaw
ufw
wsu






 





























walter p. reuther library, archives of labor and urban affairs, wayne state university — 5401 cass ave, detroit, mi 48202
hours of operations








announcement: accepting applications for the the ronald raven award


      posted january 27th, 2025 by slebovitz    

the walter p. reuther library, archives of labor and urban affairs, invites applications for the ronald raven award to begin spring 2025. the award consists of $2,500 to go toward tuition, fees, or other educational expenses and an internship of 135 hours at the walter p. reuther library. applications are due by friday, february 14, 2025.  read more »


slebovitz's blog
 



now accepting - 2025 sam fishman travel grant applications


      posted january 22nd, 2025 by krouan    

the walter p. reuther library, archives of labor and urban affairs is now accepting applications for the 2025 sam fishman travel grant program. the program provides research grants of up to $1,000 to support support faculty, students, independent researchers, and union members to defray travel, lodging, food, and other costs to conduct research in the reuther's extensive labor collections. the award is named in honor of sam fishman, a former uaw and michigan afl-cio leader and grants are only given in support of projects relating to labor history. 
applications are due friday, february 28th. 
for more information, please visit our scholarships page. 


krouan's blog
 



on display: "political campaigns" case exhibit


      posted january 21st, 2025 by eclemens    
 in cockrel, kenneth v., sr., 1938-1989
detroit--politics and government
jeffrey, mildred, 1911-2004
political action
politics



this is your last chance to explore our latest case exhibit political campaigns. the display shares materials from our collections that document political campaigns from city council all the way to the president of the united states. photographs, buttons, stickers, and related ephemera, such as press passes to national conventions and invitations to the 1960 inaugural ball, illustrate the vibrant ways in which campaigns are run.   read more »


eclemens's blog
 



[podcast] the carter presidency and gay rights


      posted january 10th, 2025 by teller    
 in carter, jimmy, 1924-
civil rights
community-based social services
employment and social affairs.
gay and lesbian rights
human rights



dr. harris dousemetzis shares the extraordinary impact of u.s. president jimmy carter on gay rights in the 1970s and early 1980s, from instituting policies to prevent anti-gay discrimination of most federal employees to facilitating irs nonprofit status for gay rights organizations and community centers, enabling them to receive federal funding for educational materials and health clinics, among other things.  read more »



 
 
 

© mmxxv walter p. reuther library, archives of labor and urban affairs, wayne state university. all rights reserved.  |  5401 cass ave.  |  detroit mi 48202  |  313-577-4024  |   hours  |  directions  |  
copyright and privacy policy  |  sitemap  |  web site feedback  |  ask an archivist
 
 
 


