



	wall photography backdrops | backdrop roller system- pro studio supply














pro studio supply







<-- twitter="" summary="" card="" images="" must="" be="" at="" least="" 120x120px="" --="">
































262.567.8047 







                                my account




my
                                        wishlist
                                        















toggle navigation 
















home 


product categories
                    

background roller systemsphoto graduation itemsphoto packaging • albums • folioskeychains • photo novelty wallet photo die cutters • paper cutterssenior number propschristmas photo productsbackdrops • stands • supportslighting equipmentdigital photo productsposing propscameras • studio items


about us
contact us
blog






cart (0)


your cart is empty.













































explore our shop






                        photo graduation items








                        photo equipment • lighting








                        photo packaging • folios • albums










                        photo/video backdrops • stands








                        photo novelty • keychains • props








                        background roller systems



























                                    senior drapes for photography
we're the original manufacturers of the v-drape in the united states.classic v drapes • the original manufacturer of sr. drapes in the united states since the 1970's!• drapes are custom made with quality black velvet and feature a v neck with a velcro closure in back.   tube top cover ups • help your seniors feel more secure under our velvet drapes with a tube top cover.









                                    photo gallery photo folios-wholesale
photo gallery photo folios are a padded bonded leatherette black cover and display 4, 6, 8 or 12 photos. • photo folios feature a multiple set of photos in a variety of configurations. • each photo gallery holder have a unique variety of vertical, horizontal and oval openings with different pinstripes around each image. • please see the ''more images'' link under the photo for the style choices. • standard photo gallery folios come in the following colors: • black/black/silver (bbs) • black/black/gold (bbg) • black/black/silver (bbb) press this box for more details, sizes & prices!









                                    panoramic photo frames
panoramic photo frames for a large format photo are simple and economically price.• black wood photo frames display your sports team, landscape or special image.• each panoramic photo frame is individually boxed for protection.• all frames have a light-weight plexiglass cover, not glass!









                                    sports photo memory mate play hard
sports photo memory mate, play hard have two photos and a sports motif.• memory mate holder 75/35, are a rigid cardboard frame that holds1 - 7" x 5" "team" photo and 1 - 3 1/2" x 5" "individual" photo.• they're great for sports teams, summer camp, sports clubs, school sports, etc.• photos load easily from the side and stay firmly in place.• a pop-out easel holds your vertical framed prints.• outside size is 8 x 10 for framing if desired. sold in packages of 100 memory mates. choose from the following sports options:basketball • soccer • footballbaseball • softball • all sports









                                    green screen software kit
• a complete photo kit for creating a personal set of digital backgrounds with a green screen. • this package includes the best software, plus, digital background dvd and overlays! • works on windows® or macintosh® computers.please press for more details!









                                    sport photo memory mates pss series
each sports photo memory mate for the most popular sports.• traditionally used for little league teams, sports camps, sports clubs, school sports.• each display holds 1 - 7" x 5" "team" image and 1 - 3 1/2" x 5" "individual" photo.• black & white memory mate frame with ball motif on the side panel.• a simple flexible easel on back displays your sports team.• the outside frame measures 8 x 10 for placing in a frame.choose your sports team options: • baseball • basketball • football • soccer • softball • cheer • dance • all sports • hockey sold here in paks of 100.









                                    photo clearbags
for an economical and archival way to store and present your photos! • insert your photo, peel adhesive lip, and re-seal the top. • archival material that won't rip or tear like other plastic bags.• the opening side is the first dimension.• photo clearbags are 1.6 mil thick. archival safe bag will hold between 1 to 20 photographs of varying sizes.









                                    photo window envelopes
an economical way to present portrait images.• photo window envelope show your photographic prints through the window.• choose from a variety in 9x12 & 6x9's• portrait or events• full view window to show off your photographs.









                                    cool led 50 photo video light
                                cool led 50 two light kit • the newest technology in led lighting for still & video! • the led 50 watt lamps put out as much light as a 500 watt photofloods! • the cool 50 watt light has none of the heat and generates a 5200˚ k light color temp. • the led is rated at 50,000 hours without burning out. • built in dimmer allows for adjustments to your specific needs. • also, an optional battery pack to run any on dc power!
                            








                                    photo video 280 watt fluorescent softbox kit
                                • 280 watt fluorescent kit expandable to 560 watts! • dual square folding softbox kit $259.95 • a two-light kit for digital photography or video projects. • softboxes open/close quickly like an umbrella but no ribs can be seen. • each have one socket for use with fluorescent lamps. • this kit only comes with 4 lamps but room to add 4 more! please press more details to see details!









                                    ac/dc 600ws photo flash kit
                                • 110v ac powered or an 12v dc battery pack option. • two 300ws digital flash heads with led power indicator. • 280 guide no. • controllable full to 1/32 power levels. • photo slaves and flash lamps can be replaced. • takes bowen’s style softboxes, etc. please press more details to see options/prices!









                                    the 21st century guide to portraiture
the 21st century guide to portrature was designed to help all photographers understand how to take photographs and help run a photo business.• the guide contains 250 exquisite full-color pages.• the guide is a loose-leaf working manual divided into 15 categoriesof portraiture including "great ideas."• great ideas is a book within a book with photo examples and promotional business plans you can customize to your own photo studio business:• boudoir • children • environmental • seniors• men women • weddings • groups • life styles• special effects • pets • sports • live performance• fine art • great ideas









                                    vinyl photo backgrounds
• vinyl backgrounds are a superior thick 13 mil material for long-life. • great high-key lighting with this smooth durable vinyl. • the best alternative to seamless paper lasting many years if kept properly. • washes clean with soap and water. matte white 107'' x 20 ft. vinyl background $550.00matte black 107'' x 20 ft. vinyl background $550.00chroma-key green 107'' x 20 ft. vinyl background $550.00call us toll-free if you need assistance on your shipping.












            featured products








christmas presents wood photo frame 4x6 or 5x7


$96.00


+ add to cart









background roller sys 9ft motorized



more info









children's photo easels


$75.00


more info









why pro studio supply?

since 1968, pro studio supply has been providing photography supplies and photography equipment to amateur and professional photographers alike.
 
for over 47 years, pro studio supply has been a leader in photo products, equipment and supplies like photo graduation supplies,  senior drapes and graduation gowns,  school graduation picture frames,  achievement or commencement graduate photo folios, photographic packaging including plastic clearbags for storage or delivery to customers,  photo boxes,  cardboard photo folders or photo holders, photo buttons for school booster clubs and events,  photo key chains, photo bobble heads, photo drinkware known as photo novelty
 
 sports and children’s cardboard memory mates and sports photo folders,  photo backgrounds and back drop stands, varitone photo backdrops and special background materials, chroma-key green backgrounds and software
 
our most cutting-edge serious products include: led light kits and bulbs for video and photography,  photo vinyl and seamless background papers ,  wallet photo die cutters and  background roller systems for storing and holding backgrounds and related materials.
 
so take your time and enjoy exploring our site! if there is something you are looking for, feel free to contact one of our professional team members at our toll free line. we will be happy to help you with all of your photography equipment and supply needs. we can also answer most technical photo questions about lighting or a posing challenges.












sign up for our newsletter




×close
newsletter sign up



















tweets by @prostudiosupply






 






                    contact information
                



                            pro studio supply
                        


                                262.567.8047



sales@prostudiousa.com 






                    our site
                

home
search
partners
blog




                    information
                

security policy 
privacy policy 
terms & conditions 







                    stay in touch
                



sign up for our newsletter




×close
newsletter sign up











  
  
  




                     









                © pro studio supply
                2025. all right reserved.
            






















