



the kingdom of meridies, sca inc
























































skip to content























 











the kingdom of meridies, sca inc 







secondary navigation menu

menu
newcomers
royalty and officers
find my group
orders and awards

meridies order of precedence


resources and reports

kingdom law updates
the guilds of meridies













 




 









the royal family welcomes you!
our king and queen, their royal majesties, barthelemy of illyria and oda austrasia.

her majesty oda austrasia and his majesty barthelemy of illyria.photo credit: mistress ellen delacey
our heirs for the kingdom of meridies, their royal hignesses, lochlainn of glen noe and paraskova chemislava.

his highness lochlainn of glen noe and her highness paraskova chemislava.photo credit: mistress ellen delacey
welcome to the kingdom of meridies, a regional branch of the society for creative anachronism (sca). in the sca, meridies is the fifth kingdom, founded january 18, 1978 encompassing the entire state of alabama, all of georgia west of augusta, eastern tennessee, southern kentucky, and the florida panhandle. an international organization, the sca is dedicated to researching and re-creating all aspects of life before the 17th century.
in the sca and meridies, members dress in period clothing, according to their time period (up to 1600ce) interests and any global location, to participate in a wide variety of activities. to help you prepare—either before or at events—members teach a wide variety of classes and train interested marshal combatants to ease your entrance into meridies and the sca. at events, there are resplendent tournaments, glorious art projects, sumptuous feasts, and spectacular exhibitions to grace our experiences. royalty provides pomp at their courts to recognize and honor people’s extraordinary contributions. 
we, the populace and royalty of meridies, are delighted that you are here!

meridies order of precedence


2021-07-04














					©2025 kingdom of meridies. all rights reserved. the original contributors retain the copyright of certain portions of this site. this is the recognized web site for the kingdom of meridies of the society for creative anachronism, inc. and is maintained by baron piers simmons. this site may contain electronic versions of the group's governing documents. any discrepancies between the electronic version of any information on this site and the printed version that is available from the originating office will be decided in favor of the printed version. for information on using photographs, articles, or artwork from this web site, please contact the webminister at webminister@meridies.org. they will assist you in contacting the original creator of the piece. please respect the legal rights of our contributors. all external links are not part of the meridies web site. the inclusion of a page or site here is neither implicit nor explicit endorsement of the site. further, sca, inc. is not responsible for content outside of meridies.org.				






























