





premier alaska fishing lodge | waterfall resort alaska, great fishing since 1912 







































show menu




about

location
history
sustainability
visiting ketchikan
newsletter
press
reviews



guest quarters

lodge rooms
boardwalk cabins
egg house suites
tongass townhouses



food & drink

dining room
lagoon saloon
recipes



fishing

guides & gear
fishing tournament
fish chart & limits
salmon fishing
fish processing



rates

2025 rates & specials
travel professionals
nonprofit fundraising



corporate events


my trip

guest registration
payments
travel information
packing list
map & weather
faq
photo contest
request a quote



contact



search the site



















subscribe
800-544-5125



800-544-5125



















alaska fishing trip packages and special events calendar





all season
family vacation

bring the kids and grandkids fishing at waterfall resort for the vacation of a lifetime on the last frontier.                                    







june 2024
alaska king salmon fishing

for exceptional king salmon runs, highest limits historically, and fishing tournament fun, we highly recommend waterfall resort’s june dates.                                    







selected dates
two-night special at waterfall resort

we’ve dropped the rate on a two-night stay lower than a lingcod’s belly—our best rate of the season.                                    





more events









wild alaska sport fishing starts here
celebrating more than a century of tradition, waterfall resort spans 52 acres on prince of wales island near alaska’s famed inside passage. accessible only by air and sea, our record-setting salmon cannery turned legendary sport-fishing resort draws anglers from around the world (65,000 to date), who come to our remote shores in pursuit of wild king and silver salmon, halibut, lingcod, and more than 20 other fish species.


fly in the morning, fish in the afternoon
happily, our fishing lodge is just a short floatplane flight from ketchikan in southeast alaska, 90 minutes from seattle, washington. at waterfall resort, you can fly in in the morning and be on the water fishing with us in the afternoon.


dedicated service, on and off the water
it’s always great to see the familiar faces of our many repeat guests, and we're honored by those who've made a stay at our historic fishing lodge an annual tradition passed from one generation to the next. while we’ve hosted our share of pro athletes and celebrities over the years, our core clientele includes both newbie and longtime anglers, corporate and nonprofit groups, and vacationing families, who return to the resort year after year.





at waterfall resort, a fishermen’s tale needs no embellishment.
the oregonian


we’re equally pleased to meet first-timers, and we can’t wait to share with you what makes waterfall resort so special. whether it’s the exhilarating fishing, friendly tournaments, hearty dining, evenings in the saloon, or dedicated service with a smile, our goal is to deliver the finest sport-fishing adventure in alaska—on and off the water. let’s go fishing!



 
 




“best alaska resort”
— winner readers choice awards, northwest meetings + events magazine
 




 powered by birdeye


 











stay connected with the waterfall resort newsletter
get the latest news on what you care about most—wild alaska fishing at waterfall resort. sign up for our free newsletter and receive seasonal updates, recipes from the chef, special offers, and more from the crew at waterfall resort.
sign up








let’s gofishing!






about






guest quarters






food & drink






fishing






rates






corporate events






my trip






contact







waterfall group properties







our partners




















careers
media
privacy policy
site map
influencer and creator partnerships
upload your guest photos


© the waterfall group • 1249 tongass ave. ste. a • ketchikan, ak  99901  • 800-544-5125






