


































































scnow | breaking news | scnow.com | read florence, sc and south carolina, weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















44°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



church directory




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



scnow archives




our properties


hartsville messenger



star & enterprise




buy &  sell 


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage florence subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



single copy locations



manage maron/mullins subscription



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









44°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            harvest hope lands 32,000-pound meat donation

florence, s.c. – black 14 philanthropy, the lds church and harvest hope food bank came together monday to ensure the hungry in the pee dee get a bit extra – about 32,000 pounds extra – in their meals in the near future.

















        
        
            how darlington, wilson girls advanced in basketball playoffs

logan murray and zoey miller led wilson with 19 and 10 points, respectively. autumn joseph and tahonna williamson led darlington with 17 and 11 points, respectively.

















        
        
            florence masons deliver lunch for first responders

florence, s.c. -- florence masons of hampton lodge 204 monday cooked up a batch of chicken bog to feed florence area first responders a hearty lunch. 

















        
        
            50-year-old florence man accused of carjacking, robbery

florence, s.c. — a florence man has been arrested in connection with multiple armed robberies and an attempted carjacking, according to the florence county sheriff’s office.

















        
        
            florence police: man accused of sexually assaulting teen since she was 7

florence, s.c. — a timmonsville man is accused of sexually assaulting a teen since she was 7 years old, according to florence police.

















        
        
            scdot hits the streets ahead of forecast wintry weather

columbia, s.c. -- the south carolina department of transportation has begun preparing for potential winter weather impacts throughout the state.

















        
        
            wintry weather forecast for wednesday evening, night

florence, s.c. -- winter is back, that's the message from the national weather service office in wilmington, n.c.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            wintry weather forecast for wednesday evening, night


















        
        
            florence police: man accused of sexually assaulting teen since she was 7


















        
        
            how darlington, wilson girls advanced in basketball playoffs















                
                the latest


















        
        
            marion county council honors former marion mayor

marion, s.c. – marion county councilmembers honored former marion mayor bobby l. davis to celebrate black history last week. davis was presented with a resolution of appreciation for his accomplishments and leadership in the community.




















        
        
            marion hmra to host 15th annual chili cook-off saturday

the 15th annual chili cook-off at main street commons in marion, sc, featured live music, chili tasting, and a cornhole tournament, drawing a large crowd to support local businesses.




















        
        
            marion recreation hosts annual daddy daughter dance

marion rec department's chasity samuels expresses gratitude for supporters of the annual daddy daughter dance, with over 60 attendees enjoying the event.












        
        
            trinity collegiate honored with ap platinum honors, access awards

darlington, s.c. – trinity collegiate school is proud to announce its recognition by the college board as the only scisa school in south carolina and one of only five schools statewide to receive ap platinum honors with the ap access award. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            judge denies democrat-led effort to block musk, doge access




















        
        
            americans' confidence in air travel safety dips slightly after washington crash, poll shows




















        
        
            a$ap rocky dives into rihanna's arms as not guilty verdict is read at felony assault trial




















        
        
            trump says ukraine 'should have never started' the war with russia












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            now no. 9 fmu softball celebrated its ranking

the patriots' tallulah civoniceva homered and drove in five runs during doubleheader sweep of no. 19 lenoir-rhyne.




















        
        
            how fmu golf fared after 2 rounds at wexford intercollegiate

ryan bozard carded rounds of 75 and 73 for the patriots.





















        
        
            postgame comments from south florence boys




















        
        
            images from boys' basketball wins by wilson, south florence

florence, s.c. -- the boys' basketball teams from wilson, south florence won their first-round playoff games monday night. the bruins won 64-54 over hilton head island, and the tigers won 58-53 over lakewood. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            trump blames biden for high prices; more government cuts | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    



















        
        
            americans' confidence in air travel safety dips slightly after washington crash, poll shows

americans’ confidence in air transportation and the federal agencies tasked with maintaining air safety has slipped a little from last year, according to a new ap-norc poll. 




















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.

















                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            air conditioner repair near summerville, s.c.: save energy and money this summer

contributor content.  it’s important to prepare your air-conditioning system for peak performance for hot and humid summers.












contributor








        
        
            how digital assets like bitcoin may be influencing global trade

contributor content. the rise of bitcoin demonstrates the general growing power of digital assets as a force in the global economy. as investors look to opportunities presented by this movement in finance, a shifting bitcoin price may continue to serve as a good marker of where future markets are headed.












contributor








        
        
            16 women’s health and wellness trends to watch

contributor content. women’s health and wellness products have never been more innovative than they are today.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            allread grocery



                                        7538 old nichols hwy, mullins, sc 29574
                                    






















        
        
            taylor garden shop/cc



                                        po box 12226, florence, sc 29504
                                    






















        
        
            wally's fire & safety



                                        708 sandy bluff rd, mullins, sc 29574
                                    
















                
                extras
                
                    

















        
        
            get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox!

















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!









        
        
            e-edition

















        
        
            famous mothers trivia quiz






view all




























×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


hartsville messenger

the marion star & mullins enterprise

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

join our team

licensing

dealer returns

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        scnow	, 491 w. cheves st., suite b florence, sc 29501
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































