



brett cullen -- official web site -- actor
 


































  the official web site for actor brett cullen




home
credits

films
producer
television


meet brett
photos

headshots
misc.
on the set
personal
red carpet
screenshots
surfing














true detective season 3
[13 jan 2019 | no comment | ]


check out the premiere of true detective tonight on hbo. brett guest stars in it this season.
read the full story »






the replacements
brett played the bad guy & starred with keanu reeves and gene hackman in this football film.





something to talk about
brett starred with julia roberts, dennis quaid, & robert duvall in this 1995 romantic film. 





apollo 13
brett was part of the ensemble cast in ron howard’s 1995 blockbuster film, “apollo 13.”





legacy
brett starred as patriarch ned logan in this family drama set in post civil war kentucky.







latest news
get the latest scoop on brett’s projects, both in the theaters and on television.



in the press
read various articles brett has appeared in over  the years, some dating back to the 70s!



exclusive interviews
in this series of exclusive interviews, brett discusses his movies in detail.



fan encounters
read the experiences of these fans when they met brett in person.



ask brett
you asked for it! brett has answered hundreds of fans’ questions via email.







headline »
true detective season 3
[13 jan 2019 | no comment | ]



check out the premiere of true detective tonight on hbo. brett guest stars in it this season.



headline »
dejavu: brett lands role reminiscent of legacy’s ned logan
[10 jan 2015 | no comment | ]



brett recently had a serious case of dejavu..he filmed a guest spot on a new amazon pilot in richmond, virginia. he played a civil war widower who owns a plantation and has 5 children…and they filmed at tuckahoe plantation, the same home in which the logan family lived. sound familiar, legacy fans? the series is called point of honor and will stream to amazon prime subscribers beginning january 15th!
here’s what we know about the pilot so far: at the start of the civil war, a virginia family, led by their west point …



headline »
brett cullen addresses ‘under the dome’ daddy issues
[29 may 2014 | no comment | ]



by sheila brothers, community contributor  @wilmywoodnc
may 29, 2014 | 12:00pm
last week, under the dome show reps answered one burning question (among others) about the series’ upcoming sophomore season: what is up with barbie’s family? well, wilmywood fans, barbie has a history — and a daddy. but this announcement creates another long list of questions — primarily, just who do you think you are, don barbara? seriously. who are you?
this is not a rhetorical question. maybe we should just ask the man who plays him, brett cullen. the texas-born actor has been insanely busy over the past few years, but …



next page »










polls



have you ever met brett?
 yes
 no
 saw him but didn't introduce myself.
view results


 loading ...
polls archive



character quoteshey falco, you're not even a has been. you're a never was!eddie martel, "the replacements"









latest news 
acting 101

ask brett

chat transcripts

exclusive interviews

fan encounters

featured

general

headline

in the press

latest news




most commented
 legacy the young riders "the gates" premieres tonights on abc! celebrity ghost stories features brett the hired heart



most viewed




   


 created and managed by blue sky designs | entries (rss) | comments (rss) | arthemia theme by michael jubel





