





shih tzus & furbabies - dedicated to rescue, rehabilitation and rehoming of toy breed dogsshih tzus & furbabies | dedicated to rescue, rehabilitation and rehoming of toy breed dogs
















































































 

























pages navigation menu
home
about us
our dogs

available dogs
available seniors
sunshine seniors
sanctuary dogs
adopted
adoption pending


donate

donate
pay your adoption donation
in memory & in honor of
furbaby sponsorship
match your donation


adopt

adoption application
adoption frequently asked questions


volunteer

foster application
transport application


contact us
volunteer resources
 

















































welcome to shih tzus & furbabies
sign up for e-news
shih tzus & furbabies is dedicated to the rescue, rehabilitation, and rehoming of small purebred and mixed breed dogs. we believe that, somewhere, there is a home for every dog, but that we have a responsibility to place our dogs into homes that will best meet their needs, both physically and emotionally. we look for people with patient and loving hearts, and an understanding of the furbaby mind. we are also committed to educating the public about the importance of ethical, responsible, and humane pet guardianship.









featured dog

teddy is a special 2-3 year old, 32 lb. poodle - bichon frise’ mix boy. he has a beautiful soft white coat and bright blue eyes. teddy came to us from a hoarder, where he lived in a cage. as a result, his muscle mass is underdeveloped. this lack of strength means teddy cannot jump up onto furniture like a sofa or chair at this time. in addition, teddy is deaf and has limited vision. he can’t be “called” and sometimes requires a lift from his human to get him to where he needs to be, and to understand what’s being asked of him. teddy is on a light diet, with a goal weight of 28 lbs. this sweet boy is learning to live out of the cage, to navigate his environment, and is getting stronger every day. teddy is a very friendly dog who loves to cuddle. he is a playful puppy, tossing around his stuffed toys, and playing tug! teddy will be fine with calm older dogs and gentle children. he loves being outside, going for short walks, and would do best with a fenced yard.  teddy is in florida. #7262
read more




become a foster parent

ask our foster parents how it feels to save a life.  ask what it's like to take in a scared, confused, unwanted dog, and teach him or her about love, trust, and treats. 
fostering is an incredibly vital part of our rescue process. foster parents provide each furbaby with a loving, safe, supportive environment, which for some, is the first they have ever experienced. for many furbabies, fostering is essential for helping them 'prepare' for adoption; it gives them the opportunity to work on socialization, leash walking, and learn what it's like to be part of a family. for the foster parent, we know that each furbaby is another life saved and another pup to spoil and snuggle and teach about love, stuffies, and soft beds. 
learn more






adopt

shih tzus & furbabies is dedicated to the rescue, rehabilitation, and rehoming of small purebred and mixed breed dogs. we believe that, somewhere, there is a home for every dog, but that we have a responsibility to place our dogs into homes that will best meet their needs, both physically and emotionally. we look for people with patient and loving hearts, and an understanding of the furbaby mind. click below to read our frequently asked questions and learn more about adoption!
read more 



donate

we can't rescue without your help!
read more 



featured senior

bailey and cici are a bonded pair of female shih tzu - schnauzer mixes.  when their human died, a family member put them on a porch, badly neglected. bailey is 10-11 yrs old, has one eye and is tan and white. cici, is 8-9 yrs old, and a soft grey. the girls are housetrained, and love attention. cici watches over bailey, and worries if she can't see her. these precious girls need a home where they can once again be beloved pets. they'd do best as only pets, in an all adult home, where they can get all the attention. they are overweight, but otherwise healthy. they are fostering in jacksonville, fl. these pictures are not great, we will add more as soon as we receive them from their foster mom. #7260 & #7261
read more 

































shih tzus & furbabies
p.o. box 5068
saint mary’s ga 31558






















© 2025 shih tzu & furbaby rescueshih tzus & furbabies, inc. is a non-profit organization recognized under internal revenue code section 501(c)(3).your donation may be tax deductible to the full extent allowed by law.images may not be copied, printed or otherwise disseminated without express written permission of shih tzus & furbabies
volunteer resources







