












































scientology religion - background, theology and religious practice







































l ron hubbard.org


scientology news.org


freedom mag.org


scientology.org






en language 




繁體中文 | chinese
dansk | danish
deutsch | german
english | english
ελληνικά | greek
español (latino) | spanish
español (castellano) | castilian
français | french
עברית | hebrew
italiano | italian
日本語 | japanese
magyar | hungarian
nederlands | dutch
norsk | norwegian
português | portuguese
русский | russian
svenska | swedish










toggle navigation
















freedom of religion
victories
recognitions
expert studies
beliefs
society
blog
videos




toggle navigation







freedom of religion
victories
recognitions
expert studies
beliefs
society
blog
videos

































	a comprehensive overview of the
		background, theology and religious practice of
	
the  religion



featured









new video
dr. david bennettac, qc and former solicitor general of australia












new video
rabbiadjunct professor, comparative religion












new video
rev. joseph j. jonessenior pastor, mount hermon baptist church












new video
dr. j. gordon meltondirector, institute for the study of american religion












new video
lt. col. carlos peñaeducation director colombian anti-narcotics department
















religious freedom blog

jan 20, 2025
helping los angeles in this time of need

more from the blog 



subscribe for updates 














scientology is a truly unique contemporary religion—the only major religion to emerge in the twentieth century. scientology is fully developed, by definition of religion, in its theology, religious practice and organization. the breadth and scope of the religion include more than eleven thousand churches of scientology, missions and related organizations in countries all over the world.
millions of scientologists around the world sincerely believe in the religious tenets and practices of scientology. for every one of these individuals, scientology is their religion and fulfills their deepest spiritual needs.


this is the most important test of any true religion of the world—indeed, it is the test used by the united states supreme court and high courts in many other countries.
nevertheless, if an individual relies on secondary sources, then courts, scholars and governmental agencies around the world have repeatedly determined that scientology is bona fide in all respects. this website provides an overview of these international recognitions and expertises. as scientology addresses the spirit and the relationship of humanity to the universe and the supreme being, it can be nothing other than a religion in the fullest sense of the word.
find out more 







videos
				religious scholars, government representatives and dignitaries on the church of scientology, its religious purpose and its social betterment activities








liang chi tan, national policy advisor to the president of taiwan





gordon melton, director, institute for the study of american religion





hrh sephan mmirwa pheeha, tribe prince, gauteng, south africa





lung-hui chung, chairman, international foundation for peaceful elimination of opium crops





annie heart, chair of the inter-religious action network, portland, oregon





prof. juan ferreiro galguera, religious freedom law, university of coruña, spain





jean huysmans, public affairs committee, church of jesus christ of latter-day saints





sebonyane tsetsane, regional commissioner of correctional services





capt. john galindo, director of the national circle of aid technicians





rev. dr. paul baiden-adams, youth and family counselor





sheikh hussain abu rukun, head of druze trustees, israel





lt. col. carlos peña, education director colombia, anti-narcotics dept.





mr. hugo coveliers, member of the belgian senate





mr. joseph k. grieboski, founder and president of the institute on religion and public policy





dr. derek davis, attorney and director of the international academy for freedom of religion and belief





imam muhammad hatim, ph.d., professor of african american muslim studies





mr. abdellah mechnoune, president of the islamic organization of european arab world





mr. gelek yakar, president, mandala center for the cultural preservation of tibet





ms. pamela carn, executive coordinator, interfaith children’s movement





minister tony muhammad, western regional representative nation of islam




see all videos








				
				the church of scientology & freedom of religiona fundamental human right









from its beginnings the church of scientology has recognized that freedom of religion is a fundamental human right. in a world where conflicts are often traceable to intolerance of others’ religious beliefs and practices, the church has, for more than fifty years, made the preservation of religious liberty an overriding concern.
a vital component to preserving this fundamental human right is an understanding of the right to freedom of religion or belief and its meaning under universal human rights principles and international human rights law.
 in this regard, a new church of scientology booklet, what is freedom of religion?, is designed to inform the public regarding the detailed and complex nature of the right to freedom of religion for believers and religious organizations of every faith.
read more 








religious recognitions



scientology is accepted as a religion throughout the world and its religious bona fides have been unequivocally recognized. see key international religious recognitions of the church of scientology.
see the international recognitions 




religious expertises



the world’s foremost experts in the fields of comparative religion, history of religion, religious studies and sociology agree that scientology is a world religion.
see all studies 




background & beliefs



scientology follows a long tradition of religious practice. its roots lie in the deepest beliefs and aspirations of all great religions, thus encompassing a religious heritage as old and varied as man himself.
learn more 











				
				featured treatises on the scientology religion
				by the world’s leading religious scholars











scientology, social science and the definition of religionby james a. beckford, professor of sociology, university of warwick, england





social change and new religious movementsby bryan r. wilson, emeritus fellow in sociology, oxford university





the church of scientologyby juha pentikäinen, marja pentikäinen, university of helsinki, finland





the relationship between scientology and other religionsby fumio sawada, eighth holder of the secrets of yu-itsu shinto, the oldest religion in japan; president, ahlul-bait center





the religious nature of scientologyby geoffrey parrinder, methodist minister, professor, comparative study of religions, university of london





religious philosophy, religion and churchby g.c. oosthuizen, professor of science of religion, university of durban-westville, natal, south africa





scientology a new religionby m. darrol bryant, department of religious studies, renison college, university of waterloo, ontario, canada





apostates and new religious movementsby bryan r. wilson, emeritus fellow in sociology, oxford university





scientology: an analysis and comparison of its religious systems and doctrinesby bryan r. wilson, emeritus fellow in sociology, oxford university





the reliability of apostate testimony about new religious movementsby lonnie d. kliever  ph.d., professor of religious studies





the sea organization and its role within the church of scientologyby frank k. flinn  ph.d. adjunct professor in religious studies





brief analyses of the religious nature of scientologyby j. gordon melton, baylor university, samuel hill, gary bouma, irving hexham





congregational services of the church of scientologyby bryan r. wilson, emeritus fellow in sociology, oxford university





is scientology a religion?by alan w. black, associate professor of sociology, university of new england, armidale, new south wales, australia





is scientology a religion?by dean m. kelley, national council of churches





religious toleration & religious diversityby bryan r. wilson, emeritus fellow in sociology, oxford university





scientology a religion in south africaby david chidester, professor of comparative religion, university of cape town, south africa





scientology: a true religionby urbano alonso galan, professor of philosophy and theology, gregorian university of rome





scientology: a way of spiritual self-identificationby michael sivertsev, moscow academy of sciences





scientology: a worshipping communityby lonnie d. kliever, southern methodist university, dallas, texas





scientology and contemporary definitions of religion in the social sciencesby alejandro frigerio, professor of sociology, catholic university of argentina, buenos aires





scientology and islam an analogous studyby fumio sawada, eighth holder of the secrets of yu-itsu shinto, the oldest religion in japan; president, ahlul-bait center





scientology and religionby christiaan vonck, rector, faculty for comparative study of religion, antwerp, belgium





scientology: a comparison with religions of the east and westby per-arne berglie, professor of history of religion, university of stockholm





scientology its cosmology, anthropology, system of ethics and methodologiesby régis dericquebourg, professor of sociology of religion, university of lille iii, france





scientology – its historical-morphological frameby dario sabbatucci, professor of history of religions, university of rome





scientology: its true natureby harri heino, professor of theology, university of tampere, finland





scientology: the marks of religionby frank k. flinn, adjunct professor of religious studies washington university




see all expertises by category 









				
				landmark victories for religious freedom
					and the church of scientology





















march 11, 2016

belgian court dismisses all charges in baseless case against the church of scientology in landmark victory...
on 11 march 2016, in a landmark decision, the first instance court of brussels found in favor of defendants and completely dismissed all charges against the church of scientology of belgium…




















december 11, 2013

uk supreme court issues landmark decision regarding the scientology religion
on 11 december 2013, the supreme court of the united kingdom issued a unanimous, landmark ruling declaring that the chapel at the london church of scientology must be recognized as a place of religious worship under uk law.




















october 31, 2007

national church of scientology of spain officially recognized as world religion
the church of scientology is officially recognized as a religion in spain. on 31 october 2007, the national court in madrid issued a unanimous landmark decision affirming the right to religious freedom in spain by recognizing that the national church of scientology of spain…




















october 1, 1993

church of scientology irs tax exemption
church of scientology international (csi)—the mother church of the scientology religion—and more than 150 affiliated churches, missions and social-reform organizations in the united states were recognized as fully tax-exempt religious organizations by the internal revenue service (irs), america’s federal tax agency, in october 1993.




















october 27, 1983

1983 australian high court decision: church of scientology
the australian high court’s decision regarding the scientology religion in church of the new faith v. commissioner of payroll tax (1983) is recognized as a landmark legal decision, establishing the standard for the definition of religion and religious charities in both australia and new zealand, and, indeed, throughout the commonwealth of nations.






see all landmark decisions







    
        churches of scientologyaround the world


at the forefront of the greatest era of expansion in scientology history stand new churches of scientology opening in major cities and cultural centers world over.


  
  



flag land base, clearwater, florida  
















freewinds









advanced organization los angeles, california


american saint hillorganization los angeles, california







los angeles, california

san diego, california



mexico city, mexico  
paris, france


austin, texas  



ventura, california  
columbus, central ohio


chicago, illinois  
miami, florida


inglewood, california community center




orange county, california

san fernando valley, california


kansas city, missouri



pasadena, california  
sacramento, california


sacramento, california
atlanta, georgia


san jose, california
portland, oregon



denver, colorado


twin cities, minnesota
san francisco, california  


phoenix, arizona
las vegas, nevada



washington, dc


salt lake city, utah
silicon valley, california


los gatos, california
greater cincinnati, ohio


tampa, florida



harlem, new york
buffalo, new york


detroit, michigan
new york, new york


seattle, washington
mexico city, mexico


dallas, texas




bogotá, colombia


cambridge, canada
nashville, tennessee


québec, canada
copenhagen, denmark



tel aviv, israel



advanced organization & saint hill europe








brussels, belgium
basel, switzerland


berlin, germany



hamburg, germany
malmö, sweden


stuttgart, germany




milan, italy


rome, italy
padova, italy



budapest, hungary


madrid, spain




ideal saint hill united kingdom








london, united kingdom
amsterdam, netherlands


birmingham, united kingdom



dublin, ireland
johannesburg, south africa



johannesburg, south africa


pretoria, south africa



church of scientology in south africa at castle kyalami







melbourne, australia
tokyo, japan



sydney, australia


perth, western australia




kaohsiung, taiwan




subscribe to updates

		get our latest news updates
	




subscribe » 



			thank you for subscribing.
			



















religious recognitions



united states
worldwide recognitions
landmark decisions




expert studies



expertises by category
world’s foremost experts




background & beliefs



l. ron hubbard
the aims of scientology
the creed of the church of scientology
the code of a scientologist
david miscavige




freedom of religion



what is freedom of religion?
international human rights standards
proclamation on religion




blog



warsaw
hungary
belgium












































































































































































































































































language

繁體中文 | chinese
dansk | danish
english | english
español (castellano) | castilian
español (latino) | spanish
deutsch | german
français | french
ελληνικά | greek
עברית | hebrew
italiano | italian
日本語 | japanese
magyar | hungarian
nederlands | dutch
norsk | norwegian
português | portuguese
русский | russian
svenska | swedish




related sites:  


l. ron hubbard
dianetics
scientology
scientology network
what is scientology?
scientology newsroom
david miscavige
religious technology center
start an online course
scientology volunteer ministers
international association of scientologists
freedom magazine
stand
the way to happiness
criminon
narconon
applied scholastics
in support of a drug-free world
united for human rights
youth for human rights
citizens commission on human rights











© 2025 church of scientology international. 
			all rights reserved. 
			 •  privacy notice 
			 •  terms of use 
			
			 •  cookie policy 
			
			 •  legal notice 
			 •  contact
		•  site map 
scientology and the scientology symbol are trademarks and service marks owned by the religious technology center and are used with its permission.































                
                    download the whitepaper
                
        











first name



last name



email



which best describes you?

select…

social studies teacher
history teacher
civic teacher
school/guidance counselor
curriculum director
college/university administrator
political science professor
social studies professor
public education official
school system administrator
school principal
school administrator
community educator
continuing education instructor
parent-teacher association


united nations
human rights official
human rights activist/organizer
student activist
legal advocate/advisor
human rights researcher
counselor
volunteer


youth worker
youth center staff
at-risk youth specialist
social/case worker


board officer
executive/supervisory staff
staff
volunteer
intern
clergy


law enforcement officer
corrections officer/official
ethnic/cultural affairs specialist
diplomat
international/multinational organization
executive/administrator
elected official/representative
student intern
judicial official
military
ombudsman/conflict resolution mediator
social services


human resources specialist
executive/employee training specialist






sign me up for news.

















