













sunrise landing bed & breakfast: inn on seneca lake in the finger lakes





















































sunrise landing bed & breakfast



skip to header rotation
skip to main content









 


main menu




logosuites & rentals

view all accommodationsmorning glory suiterose suitesunflower suite rentaliris suite rentalamenitiesaccessibilitycheck availabilitybook nowgift certificates
about us

about usbreakfastpoliciesgalleryblog
attractionsfind us

mapdirectionscontact us
607-243-7548check rates 















now open for reservations
opening june 6 and accepting reservations for both bed and breakfast stays and rental in our two private apartments,  through november 3. check out our excellent reviews and come and stay with us on beautiful seneca lake.                        read reviews




x














check in: 
check out: 




reservations













sunrise landing – a seneca lake b&b and rental in the finger lakesyour premier waterfront location for your finger lakes getaway




 
escape to the casual elegance of sunrise landing bed & breakfast. serene woodlands, world-class wineries, homemade breakfasts, and magnificent views of seneca lake invite you to make our waterfront inn your home away from home every time you visit the finger lakes.
nestled on a hillside, peacefully in the woods on the west side of seneca lake, sunrise landing bed & breakfast beckons you to abandon your ordinary cares and relax surrounded by nature. when you step inside, you’ll find sprawling windows and cathedral ceilings illuminating an open floor plan, allowing magnificent views of the surrounding woods and the beautiful waters of seneca lake. from any spot, the views are priceless!
this waterfront property also gives you access to the lake to enjoy all your favorite pastimes. the dock with adirondack chairs is a great spot to share a bottle of finger lakes wine. and, there’s a firepit, kayaks, a paddle boat and a rowboat.
located in the heart of wine country – with more than 25 wineries within 15 miles (and breweries too), sunrise landing bed & breakfast is central to all seneca lake and the finger lakes area have to offer. just about ten miles from watkins glen and the state park, it’s also convenient to other hiking trails, the watkins glen race track, keuka lake, penn yan, hammondsport, and geneva and just a little further takes you to ithaca, corning, and more.
make it a restful day relaxing or reading by the water, or venture out on the lake using our kayaks or rowboat. you may want to check out the wineries or breweries or visit the restaurants and other attractions in nearby watkins glen. we are excited to share all the  beauty of seneca lake and the entire finger lakes area with you.
a stay at sunrise landing is the perfect gift for that special person or couple. when you purchase a gift certificate using this link, the recipient will be delighted with a certificate for a stay in the finger lakes. just call us at (607) 243-7548 and we can mail you a sunrise landing brochure to include with the gift certificate or if time is short, just print out a website page. if sunrise landing happens to be full or closed for the season when the recipient desires to come, these gift certificates are also accepted at many other lovely finger lakes b&bs.










suites & apartments options to suit your budget and lifestyle apartments offered with the traditional b&b option include delicious gourmet breakfasts and daily housekeeping, or choose the rental option for more flexibility and a lower rate. your home away from home – whether for a couple of days or an extended stay.
view suites 





 








 





attractions there’s something for everyone in the finger lakes area whether you’re a foodie, wine lover, outdoor enthusiast, or want to explore the rich history and arts of the area, there’s plenty for everyone.
explore 












about us the inn and innkeepers find out more about the inn and your innkeepers and what makes sunrise landing bed & breakfast so special.
read more 





 








 





faqs  faqs and policies find more information about our inn and answers to your questions.
read more 








 
breakfast
a homemade breakfast served in our elegant dining room or out the outside deck each morning
entice your tastebuds


 
stay in the know
sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date on all things happening at the inn and the area
newsletter sign up


 
gift certificates
gift someone with a stay in the beautiful finger lakes area. flbba gift certificates are accepted at sunrise landing and if there is no availability at the desired time, at other finger lakes b&bs as well
purchase






read our recent posts
 an afternoon at fox run cafe
it has been a different spring, summer and, now fall, for us. with mary and paul fromm living at sunrise landing... read more
 








4986 apple road extension dundee, ny 14837                        phone: 607.243.7548
email | website
accessibility | privacy | site map 

facebook
google
tripadvisor
















© sunrise landing bed & breakfast 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.






call for assistance607.243.7548 


›
want to chat?text us at5853140878















 


call
rooms
map
gallery
reserve







