



	d-link technical support

















search by product, keyword, model.





home
support
forums
report vulnerability
shop


                        us
                        


                         english
                        []
                    



                       english | french
















   
        techsupport





« prevpage


consumer
business


nextpage »




search by product, keyword, model.







as of 12/13/2023, operational hours for technical support are 6:00am-5:30pm(pt) monday-friday



note:
                to ensure your product has the latest security updates and operates at optimal performance, it is recommended you update your product to the latest firmware after installation and to periodically check for new firmware releases. updates can be found by searching your model name at https://support.dlink.com or though the mydlink mobile applications for mydlink registered devices.
                

                        products purchased in the us that have reached end-of-support (eos) or cannot be found using search on this site (support.dlink.com) may have been moved to our legacy  products site (legacy.us.dlink.com).  
                        you can also click here to access our legacy products site: d-link legacy website.
                    


products listed on the legacy products site no longer receive firmware updates.



 for recommendations to help keep your product secure please click here: product security guidelines





                            search for products, downloads, answers, etc.
                        









how do i find the model number?




                            popular products
                        




                                            dch-s1621kt
                                        




                                            dwa-x1850-b1
                                        




                                            r32
                                        




                                            m60
                                        




                                            m32
                                        




                                            m30                      
                                        




                                            e30
                                        




                                            e15
                                        




                            view all
                        



















                                recent announcements
                            







                                recent firmware
                            












                            top frequently asked questions
                        




                                        does d-link store wifi passwords in the internet or d-link c...
                                        
                                    



                                        how do i install my dcs-8xxxlh-series camera?
                                        
                                    



                                        how do i set up motion detection using the mydlink app?
                                        
                                    



                                        how do i view video files from cloud recording in the mydlin...
                                        
                                    



                                        how do i create separate wifi network names (ssid) and passw...
                                        
                                    







                            top support videos
                        


 get the most out of your wi-fi router
 how to set up my router using the d-link eagle pro ai app
 pairing mydlink devices with alexa
 pairing mydlink devices with google assistant
 how to install the dch-s1621kt








downloads



                        find firmware, drivers, manuals and software and more.
                    





customer service



                        warranty information, how to get an rma and rma status.
                    





contact support



                        contact our friendly support staff to assist with your setup or troubleshooting question.
                    







contact us


do not sell my info – ca residents only


privacy


terms of use


end of product life-cycle


gpl source code









chat with us, powered by livechat






