







kentucky lake motel-ken-bar lodge-gilbertsville kentucky 












home
about us
accommodations
rates
restaurant
events
area attractions
contact us













quick links













about us
motel accommodations
motel room rates
map & directions
area attractions
embers restaurant
events					
contact us
banquet  rooms 
gallery
 
guide service / fishing report 
 associates 







         free stuff to do!
				  	           write a review 




















weather forecast | weather maps






























 fishing





















welcome to ken-bar lodge motel at kentucky lake 












 a kentucky lake motel, it doesn't get any better than ken-bar lodge!					
looking for a quiet relaxing weekend get-a-way ???? 
 give us a call..270-362-4990

					  we are just down the road 1/2 mile from 
					  kentucky dam village state resort park, 
					  as well as many other area attractions.				      close by the ken-bar lodge motel, is kentucky lake and land between the lakes. lbl features 
					  extensive bicycling and hiking trails, as well as horseback riding trails. atv recreation at turkey bay, 
					  a fallow deer observatory, nature station, and numerous wildlife viewing opportunities all close to ken-bar lodge motel. lbl is between kentucky lake and lake barkley. there's also the elk & 
					  bison prairie, a planetarium, and the homeplace - a working farm offering visitors the chance to experience 
					  life as it was in the 1800s.					
 peaceful, relaxing ken-bar lodge motel is the perfect place to stay that is close to kentucky lake. whether you're visiting for business or pleasure. we have 62 air-conditioned rooms, cable tv, and free internet access. microwaves and refrigerators are also available in rooms for your convenience. 

					  the kentucky lake area is overflowing with opportunities for shopping and antique hunting. great entertainment is 
					  around every corner, and there is no shortage of wonderful restaurants to try. 
					  you can go fishing and boating on one of the largest 
					  man-made lakes in the world, with 2,380 miles of shoreline and 160,000 acres of water.
ken-bar lodge motel is close to all the fun things to do in the lakes area!
ky lake - the fun place in western kentucky 
 

























ky lake fish and wildlife crappie project.        
crappie,bluegill,bass,fishing report 
kentucky dam map  
kentucky barkley dam history               
fishing 
tva kentucky dam barkley dam   
clark river 
clark river bard list      
kentucky lake lock addition  
west  kentucky whitewater 
ducks unlimited wma ky lake water quality 
kentucky lake/lake barkley conditions
temperature, wind, barometer, dew point http://wwwagwx.ca.uky.edu/marshall.shtml












kenbarinfo@gmail.com
	  	©2007 ken-bar lodge. all rights reserved.
        
        website by website seo wizard






