







signonthex – security with function





























		skip to content	



signonthex
security with function
menu and widgets




security with function
promote your business
terms of use
contact us
 







security with function 

signing on the x is an electronic method to finalize secure transactions remotely.
this is the way to complete secure transactions online. please post your questions and comments.
electronic signature functions are being implemented and will become accepted procedure for many types of business transactions. the definition of to “sign on the x”, as used via the internet is, “to authenticate a document with a symbol or representation unique to a specific person that identifies only that person and cannot be used or replicated by, or obfuscated as any other entity.”
this function will likely gain in acceptance as a personal signature for document authentication.
the operator of this site is developing a simplified, efficient signonthex functionality procedure. your responses regarding use of electronic signatures may help define the function. there are no incorrect responses.
please post up your concerns and questions.
what functions might you be willing to use sign-on-the-x? purchasing your next car? opening a bank account? purchasing and / or selling real estate? purchasing home appliances? applying for a personal loan? applying for a brokerage account? submitting information requested by government agencies, such as social security, etc.?
do you believe that the sign-on-the-x function can be made totally secure?
regarding any potential fee for using the sign-on-the-x function, which party should pay the fee? the business or the customer?
do you have concerns and questions regarding the sign on the x function as it would be implemented online via the internet?
please consider various aspects and uses for this procedure. if inclined, please provide your thoughts.  your expertise is appreciated.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
internetroad.com — ensuring the liquification of information.
this site is on highway internetroad.com. always useful, mapped, and paved with information.
copyright © technology america corporation, the internetroad group, since 1996, usa  all rights reserved




leave a reply cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 







				proudly powered by wordpress			






