


psychics tarot readers astrologers online | psychics directory




































psychics   
tarot readings   
astrologers   
numerology   
psychic chat   
phone psychics   
free ecards

free email   
courses & classes   
psychic friends   
link   
testimonials   
videos   
about    
love help   
shopping   
books & more


psychics tarot readers astrologers online 


free psychic articles   


psìquicos en español   


free help selecting a psychic   
















hello and welcome to psychicsdirectory.com, the premier online destination for connecting with gifted psychics and spiritual advisors. our team has carefully curated a diverse selection of talented psychics who are ready to provide guidance and support on your journey to self-discovery and personal growth.

whether you are seeking insight into your love life, career, or any other aspect of your existence, our talented psychics are here to help. our advisors offer a variety of services, including tarot readings, astrology consultations, and intuitive guidance.

we understand that the world of psychics and spirituality can be intimidating, which is why we have created a safe and welcoming space for you to explore your interests and connect with advisors who align with your values.

so why wait? take the first step on your journey today and discover the power of psychic guidance. browse our directory of talented phone psychics and find the perfect advisor for you.



psychics directory number

"offering phone psychic readings 
since 1989. one of the only services who tests psychics, astrologers, tarot readers, etc., 
before allowing them to provide phone readings ..."



call toll free ... 

live support available 24/7 ... 


1-866-407-7164

(us and canada)


come learn more 

about these psychics


psychics chatline

"psychics directory is pleased to introduce you to our psychics chatline... a toll free number where you can reach quality psychics, tarot readers, astrologers, along with energy readers and many other types of highly trained psychic advisors. staffed by path forward psychics, formerly known as hollywood psychics. our authentic readers can provide you with intimate love readings, psychic career readings, and personal guidance at affordable prices 24 hours a day."



1-800-492-2058


learn more about 

psychics chat line



 
want more phone psychics? 

go here!   





 read our testimonials


 watch our videos







glad you dropped by. the psychics directory 
is an excellent place to find and meet psychics, tarot readers, astrologers and other practiced in the arts of divination. we do our best to introduce you to readers reading to answer your questions on any issue.


we will show you where to find a number of different chat sites where to look for quality readings for less; where to find free daily horoscopes; locate courses to develop your psychic talents; learn about tarot or dreams or angels; and provide you with intelligent articles on psychics, spirituality, the paranormal and more.


are you looking for spiritual advice? help with love and relationships? want some 'supernatural' assistance with your career or business? we can point you in a number of interesting directions. we will even show you a where you can get free help picking a psychic and/or help with what questions you may want to ask a psychic. we offer the mystical and mysterious, but what you find is your responsibility.




the psychics directory is more than 
a list of psychics, tarot readers, astrologers, numerologists and so forth ... we are a place you can explore spiritual metaphysics... or investigate alternative forms of spirituality. 
we can direct you to specialized readers such as a new age psychic ... 
or someone talented in past life readings ... and even readers skilled in reiki, yoga or even wicca.




do spirits, ghosts and angels really wander among us?  can some folks really 
"tune-in" on the frequency where spirit guides whisper help and instructions ... even psychically  
find lost people and things. can mediums and clairvoyants really contact departed souls? are there people with the ability to 
see the future or manifest other psychic abilities? it will be up to you to decide what is true or not. and, you are in the right place to explore these ancient possibilities. enjoy!



"there is more to heaven and earth
than your philosophies have dreamt of . . . ".



  more about this site?  



 

education and courses



 

free esp test









 

authentic psychics



 

1800 psychics



 

christian psychic



 
psychic coffee



 

ask psychics



 
psychic misty

 
more psychics?







 

tarot by stella


 

tarot love readings



 

tarot love psychic


 

live tarot chat

  
more tarot readers?













 

view free horoscope


 

free phone horoscopes


 

1-800 astrology


 

ask the astrologers


 

astrology chat


 

vedic astrologer kumari

  
astrology in politics

  
more astrologers?








 

numerologist madeline



 

numerologist sonata



 

live numerology chat

 
more numerology?







 

psychic articles



 

spirituality/religion



 

tarot articles



 
astrology articles



 

metaphysical



 
paranormal articles



 
native peoples



 
mythology/legends



 
christianity



 
eastern thought



 
new age articles



 
wicca and pagan







 

new age chat


 

chat with psychics


 

psychics chatline


 

free psychic chat room

  
more psychic chat?






 

love spells


 

spiritual love help


 

ask allegra

  
more help with love?





















search for:




















quick menu for psychics directory:



psychics
tarot readings
astrology
numerology
phone psychics
psychic chat
free psychic articles
blog




courses & classes
love help
psychic books
psychic friends
linking
testimonials
videos
about
site map
home













this page copyright the psychics directory 1998 - . our privacy policy    and   disclaimer.








thanks for visiting the psychics directory ... come back soon!.







