






douglas boynton quine - home page



















family pages














quine in isle of man early
quine ancestors
van orman ancestors tbd
boynton ancestors
paine ancestors
cloyd quine & tree
harriet van orman quine
augustus boynton & tree
alice paine boynton
willard van orman quine
marjorie boynton quine
douglas quine (here)
victoria quine (web site)
robert quine
guest books

boynton family
douglas b. quine
quine family
willard v. quine


dbq web ring

home page
citations - philatelic
citations - scientific
consulting
favorite web sites
heteronyms
more web sites
offices held
patents issued
patents referenced
philatelic awards
philatelic citations
philatelic letters
philatelic memberships
philatelic offices
philatelic presentations
philatelic publications
photographic galleries
popular publications
posters
professional
public service site
research
resume
scientific abstracts
scientific citations
scientific publications
seminars
teaching
triskelion ltd (host)

music web sites: dbq

beatles albums: usa
beatles albums: foreign
beatles cds: usa
beatles cds: foreign
beatles song list a-z
beatles recordings
beatles faq
beatles guest book

book 1
book 2
book 3
book 4
book 5
book 6
book 7

robert quine - guitarist
too old to care

philatelic web sites: dbq

auxiliary markings club

bibliography
eku
exhibits
listing
newsletter
press releases

awards to dbq
citations to dbq
letters by dbq
offices held by dbq
publications by dbq
postal acronyms (a-l)
postal acronyms (m-z)
postal acronyms (0-9999)
postal barcode decoder
postnet error 404
zip code list 00001+
zip code list 01000+
zip code list 04700+
zip code list 06400+
zip code list 10000+
zip code list 12500+
zip code list 15000+
zip code list 17500+
zip code list 20000+
zip code list 22000+
zip code list 25000+
zip code list 28000+
zip code list 30000+
zip code list 33000+
zip code list 36500+
zip code list 40000+
zip code list 42500+
zip code list 45000+
zip code list 47500+
zip code list 50000+
zip code list 54000+
zip code list 56000+
zip code list 60000+
zip code list 63000+
zip code list 67000+
zip code list 70000+
zip code list 73000+
zip code list 77000+
zip code list 80000+
zip code list 85000+
zip code list 90000+
zip code list 94000+
zip code list 97000+

wvq web pages by dbq

about wvq
audio recordings
awards
books on wvq (partial)
book reviews (popular)
degrees: honorary
dictionary references
family genealogy
feedback
fiction by wvq
guest book
home page for wvq
mass media references
news of wvq
newspaper - biography
newspaper - kyoto prize
popular references
prizes
published interviews
quine in / on dictionaries
quotation queries
quotes about wvq
reviews of wvq's books
search wvq web site
students: ph.d. listing
students: undergraduate
videotape interviews
web page review
web sites by others
web sites - obsolete

resources

blank page (tpilb)
javatest, browser info
privacy statement
public service site
triskelion ltd (host)
versions (web logs)





douglas boynton quine - home page
link to professional resume
 
douglas boynton quine is a family man, scientist, inventor, entrepreneur, philanthropist, and explorer.  my exploration of technology led to the creation of this web page as a "favorite" web site list in 1996.  as these web pages expanded, new knowledge led to innovation, patent applications, and ultimately 49 awarded us patents.  

i have created over 150 web pages across five themes or web rings: family, philately / postal automation, the beatles, the philosophy of willard van orman quine, and myself.  these web pages have developed substantial guest books with correspondence from visitors - especially the beatles, boynton family, and willard v. quine sites.

in 2004, this page was reconfigured to become my home page pointing to the various web pages (with over 2,890,000 visits to date).  

the douglas quine favorite links are maintained with new material in my more favorite links web page.  i may be reached by email at: 




douglas b. quine through the years























1951

1954

1959

1963

1969

1973

























1979

1981

1988

1998

2001

2005




















2010

2015 antarctica

2017 march for science

2022 retirement day








around the world in 28 days: photographs and haiku by douglas b. quine (2025)



----------- book overview -----------
we traveled around the world in
28 days admiring the beauty
everywhere including the lilac-
breasted roller, the japanese
imperial gardens, and even the
street art of bisected passenger
vans hanging on the freeway
walls in port elizabeth, south
africa. these 127 pages of
colorful photographs
from southern africa, hong
kong, and japan are captioned
with pithy and sometimes
humorous haiku descriptions.
endnotes provide further
explanations and links to the
4 brief linked videos below.
video passing elephant herd                                 
video elephant washing grass
video helicopter over victoria falls          
video japanese rotating train chairs
 âˆ™ perfect bound paperback book
 âˆ™ full color photographs
 âˆ™ descriptive haikus
 âˆ™ published by triskelion ltd.

 âˆ™ order today: $29.99 plus shipping with printing and fulfillment by lulu






your browser appears not to support javascriptuse the navigation list to the left to go to the desired page.



douglas boynton quine education


 cornell university; ph.d. 1979
... dissertation: "infrasound detection and frequency discrimination by the homing pigeon" (#7926948)
 princeton university; a.b. 1973 (nassau hall stamp to the right ---->)
... thesis: "frequency and angular discrimination in the barn owl (tyto alba)"
 roxbury latin school, 1969
... senior project: "cardiac unit notes"
 park school, 1965


douglas boynton quine web ring
the dbq web ring (left) provides access to listings of my professional consulting, offices held, philatelic activities, professional employment, research, scientific publications, seminars presented and teaching.  this web "home" page originally served to describe my interests by providing a listing of favorite web sites across many subject areas.  that content has now been folded into my more favorite links web page.  it includes art, automobiles, computing, education, employment, finance, genealogy, government resources, health, kid friendly sites, movies, musicians, news, postal, reference, science, taxes, television, theater, travel, and web search engines.


family web ring by douglas boynton quine
the family web ring (family web sites listed on left) supports the boynton and quine family web pages that i have developed.  current boynton and quine family trees are provided with all descendents of my grandparents.  ancestors are listed as far back as known (8 generations back for quine family members and 32 generations back boynton for family members).  web pages for my parents marjorie boynton quine and willard van orman quine are included. extensive documentation is provided in the boynton and the quine family guest books.  these guest books have served as a resource for family members to discover previously unknown relatives.


willard van orman quine web ring by douglas boynton quine

the wvq web ring (left) provides access the web pages that i developed for my father, the philosopher and mathematician willard van orman quine.  the web pages are extensive including all known books (and translations), published papers, students, lectures, awards, obituaries, and even travels.

philately / postal automation web ring by douglas boynton quine
the philately / postal automation web ring (left) provides access to the web pages that i developed for the auxiliary markings club which i co-founded with john hotchner in 2003.  it provides links to information about my philatelic interests and publications.  the on-line united states postal service postnet and planet barcode decoder allows interpretation of the black postal barcodes on the face of most us mail today.  finally, postnet error 404 is a humorous (but quite correct) error page for those seeking a postnet decoder.


beatles web ring by douglas boynton quine

the beatles web ring (music web sites listed on left) has proven to be the most popular set of web pages.  all beatles albums released in the united states are listed with a song list and links for discounted purchases.  the international listing is growing as information is obtained from other sources.  the alphabetical listing of beatles songs allows quick determination of the cd containing the song (as well as the composer).  the first release listing includes every song the beatles ever recorded (including those never released).  the many volumes of the beatles guest books include the extensive fan correspondence received over the years.  the beatles faq web page answer the most common questions posted by visitors - including every known group that has "covered" a beatles song, the characters displayed on the cover of the sgt. pepper's lonely hearts band album, and how to determine the value of a beatles record, and even the postage stamps designed by paul mccartney for the isle of man (ancestral home of the quine family).

doing good
it is nice to be part of the solution rather than part of the problem.  our public service site has some ways you can help.  i started saving gas with my honda civic hybrid (greenhybrid.com and myhybridcar.com have the best on-line hybrid information).  for fun, i painted the silver logo to be green in the day and to glow at night.

 day  

 night
as technology improved, i migrated to a 2014 toyota prius eco (highest gas mileage non-plugin ever at the time) which has now averaged over 68 miles per gallon for 7 years. i'm doing far better than the 56 mpg rating.

resources
resources (to the left) provide access to our privacy statement, our public service site, triskelion ltd which i founded in 1983 (and which hosts our web pages), and information about the use of these web sites.
javascript test page - with browser display and cookie demonstration
amazon.com has millions of items to search by author, title, subject, keyword, name, or isbn.


enter book isbn




feedback




sign into (email) the guestbook:  to post your comments or questions
               view douglas boynton quine guest book
view beatles guest book
view boynton family guest book
view quine family guest book
view w v quine guest book
email me: 
freefind powered search for specific words in the quine, wvquine, and triskelion-ltd web pages
                  




this web page was created march 11, 1996 and updated february 4, 2025 ssl w3c.
hosted by a2hosting.com and i'll share my referral bonus if you sign-up as well: a2hosting referral
copyright (c) 1996-2025 by douglas b. quine





return to top





quaggy
