



wifle - women in federal law enforcement
official website for women in federal law enforcement. catrina m. bonus, president wifle and the wifle foundation. 301-805-2180 wifle @ comcast.net 



































        

 
women in federal law enforcement, inc.wifle foundation, inc.catrina bonus, president2200 wilson blvd.ste 102 pmb-204 arlington, va 22201email: wifle@comcast.net    phone: 301-805-2180

  communication  collaboration   credibility  

women were not authorized to carry firearms, execute search warrants, and make arrests until 1969 when president richard nixon signed executive order 11478 "equal opportunity in the federal government."  this meant federal law enforcement positions opened up for women who had previously been barred based solely on gender. 
~inform~inspire~empower~_____________________link to 2025 scholarship programlink to 2025 awards program

                     


 




welcome to wifle



wifle board members




wifle programs




wifle goals, mission, value




wifle history



branding guide







wifle press releases and statements




wifle research-projects-publications




wifle annual training events




wifle quarterly newsletters




wifle tax ids, duns




9-1-1 never forget




weli




wifle privacy policy




site map




wifle news







join wifle



about wifle memberships




become a member




become a mentor




become a sponsor




new benefit-jch







wifle partners



tyr tactical, patented female armor




thomson reuters special services, llc




waepa, federal life & disability insuance




united healthcare, health insurance plans




shaw bransford & roth, law firm & more




starr wright usa, vet owned fepli for feds




penlink, digital investigation intelligence




coca cola, refreshing the world




cia, police, agents, students and more




deloitte, measurable, sustainable results




fedsprotection, liability insurance for feds




charles schwab, investment partner







wifle sponsorships




wifle strategic plan




weci



weci 2024







donate to wifle




30x30




contact wifle




trailblazers





welcome to wifle...
women in federal law enforcement, inc. and the wifle foundation, inc. are both commonly known as wifle. for over 25 years, wifle has been a valuable asset to agencies in recruiting and retaining individuals who are committed to public service and in meeting the highest standards in law enforcement. the wifle foundation, inc., incorporated in 2006, is the educational arm for wifle providing annual leadership training for federal, state, and local women and men in law enforcement, annual awards honoring federal employees, and scholarships to help criminal justice students planning a federal law enforcement career. the wifle executive leadership institute (weli) established in 2011 provides immersive leadership training sessions for gs grades 13, 14, 15, and ses (and state, county and local equivalents) which are held in conjunction with the annual leadership training. the 2023 wifle engagement and community impact (weci) program continues to bring wifle volunteer activities to communities reaching audiences in neighborhood schools and community drives with a broad spectrum of programs, processes, and projects that impact the livelihood of our communities.

 




 

 wifle is open for 2025 scholarship applications  wifle accepting 2025 award nominations wifle announces 2025 strategic partnership with waepa wifle appoints three new wifle foundation, inc. board members
 

2025 award and scholarship programs open  monday, february 3
 


wifle historywifle boardwifle mission and goalswifle press releaseswifle programs/awards/scholarships & morewifle publications and researchwifle partnerswifle strategic planwifle tax id & duns



membership ($60) / 3-year $135associate ($45) / 3-year $90student ($30)life member ($500)wifle sponsor (various-contact the president)wifle mentor (does not bestow a wifle membership.)important information about wifle memberships
 




annual leadership training
annual julie y. cross memorial golf tournament®annual wifle scholarship programannual wifle awards programweci events





wifle sponsor brochure 
       (leadership training opportunities)

wifle partner benefits 
       (contact the president to become a partner)

donate to wifle

   




  












wifle stands for women in federal law enforcement. 
women in federal law enforcement, inc. (a professional association) and wifle foundation, inc. (a charitable and educational organization) are founded under the internal revenue service codes, 501(c)(6) and 501(c)(3) respectively.

wifle foundation annual training©wifle executive leadership institute© (weli)wifle foundation, inc.™
wifle julie y. cross memorial golf tournament™
wifle mentor program©wifle scholarship programs©
women in federal law enforcement, inc.™inform ~ inspire ~ empower

call us
office: +1 (301) 805-2180email: wifle@comcast.net

address:wifle2200 wilson blvd. ste 102, pmb-204arlington, va 22201united statesfederal tax id: 54-1951589duns: 17405102  cage code: 37wj7    uei: cv15thpmqj15sam: yes
 
wifle is a partner for federal law enforcement agencies to help accomplish federal employment on the basis of merit and fitness and without discrimination. wifle can provide guidance to federal agencies to provide equal opportunity in federal employment on the basis of merit and fitness and without discrimination. doing so assures  strength in policies and practices in the employment, development, advancement, and treatment of women in federal law enforcement. 
 





powered by wild apricot membership software











