





escrow and real estate title consultation & insurance company everett, puyallup, bellevue, seattle, king county wa - ticor title company

































































































 open order
 listing perk package
 property info
 customer service
 contact
 careers
 about
 







myticor



844-my-ticor 






blog
rates
customer service
buyer & seller resources

moving guide
how to read a title commitment
start inhere – digital opening process
smartmail guide
información del seguro de título


escrow & title videos

escrow & title insurance 101
escrow & title videos – spanish
escrow & title insurance 101 chinese (mandarin)


locations

bellevue
seattle
everett
federal way
covington
puyallup
university place
gig harbor


education
 


















 



 



 



 



 



 



 



click here 
							 


buyer & seller guide 
							for title and escrow 
							click to view.
buyer & seller guide 
							
 













 

search for:




 escrow & title insurance videos
today’s homeowner stays in their home an average of 11-15 years. so it’s understandable that the typical home buyer may be unfamiliar with how escrow operates, what protection title insurance provides, and how to be ready for the escrow process when the time comes to make a real estate purchase. we’ve assembled a series of brief videos that provide an overview of escrow & title insurance as well as insights into what to look for in a title insurance company and how to be prepared for escrow closing. click here
 









 
unrivaled financial strength

fidelity national financial, inc. is the parent company to ticor title. being part of the leading 

provider of title and escrow services in the world gives us the financial strength to issue more 

title policies than any other title company in the nation.

read more...

 meet the 

team

we believe that every successful closing begins with a great team.  from open to close, our title 

& escrow team is dedicated to creating a superior client experience by providing clear 

communication, personalized service, and consistency with every real estate transaction.  

office locations...

 customer

service

our property information specialists are true professionals and passionate about serving and solving problems for our clients.
reach us any time of the day via email or call our property information hotline to answer any of your questions or inquiries.

read more...
latest articles & announcements 


 we have been voted as the #1 best title company! thank you from ticor title!

						thank you from all of us at ticor title for your vote as the #1 best title company! to view more of our community award winners, visit www.bestinthepnw.com. ticor title proud to be recognized as leaders in our industry. a few of the accolades bestowed on the...						
read more →



 happy labor day from ticor title!

						ticor title offices will be closed on monday, september 4th, 2023 in observance of the holiday. thank you!...						
read more →



 exciting news! team ohana has joined ticor title!

						we are pleased to announce that team ohana has joined our ticor title eastside & south snohomish locations! naomi armstrongsales executivenaomi.armstrong@ticortitle.comteamohana@ticortitle.comcall or text: c: 206-409-1833 about naomi: a little about me. i attended the university of washington, go dawgs, and during my college career i entered the...						
read more →



 ticor wishes you a joyful celebration of independence day!

						...						
read more →



 welcome adrian!

						adrian montalvo is an accomplished and results-driven professional with a proven track record in business development within the title and escrow industry.  he possesses extensive knowledge and has a deep understanding of the challenges and opportunities within the real estate market, allowing him to develop tailored business...						
read more →



 welcome joline!

						for over 25 years, she has shared her passion for the real estate experience. she is a limited practice officer, highly knowledgeable with the ins and outs of closing a home. she communicates with her clients and agents throughout the transaction, willing to help with questions at...						
read more →




title insurance company serving cities in washington state.
ticor title protects real estate owners and lenders from property loss or damage. we’re a title insurance and escrow service company serving bellevue, seattle, puyallup, everett, covington, university place, and gig harbor, wa. we also offer several other real estate services, such as owner’s title insurance, escrow, and title consultation, combining expertise and excellent customer service to ensure our clients have unparalleled satisfaction. we are the only fortune 500 company in our industry and have been named several times by forbes magazine as one of the most well-managed, best, and admired companies. we strive to be the premier property title company and real estate title insurance provider by being a trusted member of fidelity national financial, inc, and ensuring our clients receive the best service. we’re located at 1700 westlake ave., n seattle, wa 98109.

our real estate title insurance and escrow services.
we offer several excellent services with unmatched service, support, and information. our team is dedicated to providing insights and solutions to real estate concerns.
real estate title insurance
title insurance services protect lenders and homebuyers from financial loss caused by defects in a property title. the most common issues with a property title include: back taxes, liens, and conflicting wills.
escrow services
our escrow services ensure the proper exchange of money and property titles when buying or selling a home. we hold the money until the property has been successfully transferred to the new owner.
title search and examination
our experts do a deep dive to examine historical and public records of a property, ensuring there won’t be any troubles when transferring the property title to a buyer. this search ensures the seller is within their right to sell, and the buyer won’t face unwanted repercussions.
closing services
whether you’re buying or selling a home, we prepare and review closing documents to ensure compliance with all regulations and coordinate the transfer of funds to streamline the process.
lender services
we provide lender’s title insurance that protects lenders against issues with a client’s title, as well as land title insurance that protects against the devaluation of land because of problems with the title.
homeowner's insurance
if you own a home, you can still be sued by someone claiming they are entitled to it. protect your home after buying with our owner's title insurance!
contact us today to learn more about how we can protect your title and home, or your lending business!

read more  






client recommendations: join the thousands of clients who choose ticor title"after working with multiple companies over many years on hundreds of transactions, i can confidently say ticor is top-notch. their communication is always fantastic, and their professionalism much appreciated. beyond just getting files closed, they take the time to and take excellent care of the clients as well."anon.real estate broker
what others are saying...


















fidelity national title group ticor title is a part of fntg, the nation’s largest title insurance and escrow services company.  
fntg website...

ratings and claims paying ability  view company ratings & claims paying ability
part of a fortune 500® company

 


 






	© 2023 ticor title |  california privacy |  privacy  |
 terms | accessibility  | site map		| entries (rss)
				| comments (rss)

back to top


































