













palms & company data base and search engine for b2b e-commerce,web
   design marketing, promotion, trade finance , export, import, emc services,
   electronic commerce, buying agent services, barter, start-up, venture capital
   and advisor services., fur pelt industry, fur agrment industry, janet jackson
   b;ackglama mink spokesperson


 
erce, rich media, banners, search engines,
cyber squatting, interact advertising, publishers, partners, affiliates, channels, advertising campaign strategy, digital marketing
optim, meta tags, meta-tags, measuring uncertainty, why advertising doesn't work on the web, top ten web properties, measuring interactive advertising, top 50 digital media, cognitive medium, emotional medium,
russia, eastern europe, portal, search engine, sba, export, import,
anagement services, web page maker,
web page, web design, web design, web promotion, cash flow, revenue, sales, website
sales, international trade, china, 
 export, import, initial public offering,
web-desig 
palms & company,
inc.,
founded 1934
 
 
 if  you wish to read . pages in spanish, french ,german, portuguese
or italian, then click here on the word translation.
then enter the url** for this page, or any other page in the space
provided. after clicking translation.
select the language and click on "translate". once you
are in a certain language you can click on any link in that language and
it will return you to the space with the new url already filled in. just
click again on "translate" and it will go to that url in that
language. * *you can use copy and paste" to enter url 
                                             
notes for viewing our webpages. 
usage subject to copyright and disclaimer.
                                                               
for
russian language readers please click here ðï
òõóóëéé  

   
you are one of the people here now. (world population
counter)
 
      branches world wide





if you need
      immediate advice by telephone about an important decision you have to
      make? call me now! 
 by
      clicking  here


 palms & company is a member of civitas
 international resource for civic education and civil society




know whom you are dealing
      with.  you
      may wish to decide whether you feel comfortable about our credibility,
      before you read our opinions and advice
credentials 
the
      many faces of dr. palms
 references
      -  
      testimonials - history  

awardsawards
ibm - att - microsoft - magellan - time warner - europe online - nynex





where in the world are we?  




  search engine for this website of 2000 files of
33.6 megabytes 



what's
new 
about the portal 
how to subscribe   dr.
palms






"if it is not the truth, i won't say it
if it is not mine, i won't take it
if it is not right, i won't do it"
.......dr.  peter palms
in the past decade, i have written this website of
1314 urls and 1.4 gigabytes
of  information  to serve
as a data-base and starting point for our services relating
to investment, international trade, finance, management,  political 
climate,  export & import, web-design and web, emc services
for manufacturers and  internet promotion & marketing
want to speak with dr. palms.. now!
  

expert
consulting & expert witness services

 




 








"for better it is to dare
mighty things and to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure,
then to rank with those spirits who don't enjoy nor suffer much, because they
live in the great twilight which knows no success, nor defeat"
theodore roosevelt
matters of great public interest 
 
8 
videos about global economic meltdown of 2012
 
"inside
job
academy
award winner best documentary
the
global economic meltdown of 2008 to 2013 at a cost of 202 trillion
the rise of a rogue industry unveiling the corrosive relationships which
have corrupted politics, regulation and academia
charlie
rose interviews" inside job" author charles ferguson
inside job, the first
film to expose the shocking truth behind the economic crisis of 2008.




cyber
      war, for which there is presently no defense(  replaces nuclear war.
      1 hour video espn  of richard clarke, white house counter terrorist
      staff under 4 presidents (click here to view now)
who
      now owns the united states. are american without a government of their
      own? who owns government that rules them. 1 hour video by g. edward
      griffin, author of "the creature from jekyll island" (click here
      to view now).
the
      mortgage scandal and depression: take 6 million homes, rating agencies
      over value them by changing the formula for appraisal. add home owners
      credit card bills and home improvements to the mortgage to induce home
      owners to refinance; overstate earnings, without verification, to qualify
      the home owner; then combine parts of each mortgage with hundreds of
      others and sell them as a cdo (collateral debt obligation) rated triple a,
      world wide to investors through the largest financial firms in america to
      city governments world wide who don't understand what they are buying, and
      you create a global economic meltdown and bankrupt cities. 1 hour video by
      cnbc's david faber




the
unavoidable global economic meltdown
and hyper inflation. new currencies gold backed
oil priced in different currency than the dollar

fall
      of the republic
      bankruptcy of the united states

 gold
      price suppression schemes




 nasa
      held its first information technology 08/22/2010 summit. speaker at the
      second day included internet pioneer and google vice president vint cerf,
      who shared his thoughts about the past and future of the internet,
      including the possible creation of an interplanetary network .mr cerf, has
      been called  one of the   founders of the internet. 
      president clinton presented him with the united states national meal of
      technology for his founding of the internet. he received the allan turek
      award, also sometimes known as the nobles prize of computer science.
      president bush presented him the presidential medal of freedom for his
      work, which is the highest award given to an american citizen


      economies have based their currencies on something tangible since at least
      the roman empire. click hear to hear john alisson, former ceo of bb&t
      bank with assets of $165 billion)
 
elizabeth
      warren, chairwoman of the united states congressional oversight committee
      predicts collapse of commercial banking industry


 anti
counterfeiting trade agreement


the 9-11 attacks
      were perpetrated
      by agents of the u.s. and israeli governments

9/11
      revisited: were explosives used?
 
understanding
      the use of thermite on 9-11



 then 10th  anniversary of 9-11 
latest details  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf-rp4w_abe
update 2 hour video
21-30-2012
 
u.s.s.
enterprise set up to be next u.s.s. liberty
another
2nd opinion
 

our coat of arms of amsterdam
resolute courageous compassionate
 

for telephone conversation with dr. palms
from all countries click
here

 
 


investment
      advisory services - portfolio management services - institutional
      investment portfolio management services


  from lena horne to liza minelli
       from
elizabth taylor to audrey hepburn
             
from marelene dietrich lauren bacall
                      
from diana ross  to janet jackson
                             
from palms & company and united states fur exchange to you



click
    here for 300 full screen pictures of our products




united states fur exchange
    wholesale factory prices         

fur pelts  wolf - lynx -
    coyote - bobcat - mink - sable - marten - silver for - red fox - blue fox -
    artic fox - beaver - raccoon - chinchilla - otter - nutria
    




bulk  pelts division


fur bedspreads -
    blankets - fireplace rugs (regular queen and king size)
    

fur coats  catalog1 
catalog 2  catalog
    3  catalog 4  catalog
    5 
furhats  furbedspreads 
    furpelts  furpeltpieces
furplates furrabbitpelts 
    bearrugs  

furtails   scarves
    - shawl   choker  
    cuff  cuffs  
    collars   wrap  
    necklace   headband  
    stole   poncho  
    cape

coyote   mink  
    fox   raccoon   
    ermine    

click here for 




fur rugs
beaver coats
    jackets
chinchilla pelts coats
chinchilla jackets
fur bedspreads


coyote
crafts
    supplies
cuffs
dressing
    & tanning
wholesale 50
    coats


specials
    close-outs
fox coats jackets
rabbit fur jackets
fur
    accessories
mink coats
    bargains


fur hats
fur pelts
    wholesale
fur coats
    designer
fur plates
fur pelt pieces
    scrap




handbags
headbands
how to order
      & pay
high fashions
      custom
fur jackets


leather coats
leather 
      jackets
budget
      priced furs
make
      your own fur
martial arts
      fur


mink
lynx & lynx-cat
bomber
      jackets
xxxxxx bomber
motorcycle
      helmetfur


fur pelts
more fur pelts
more yet fur pelts
pelzen
rabbit pelts




rex chinchilla dyed
fur scrap
shearling
shtreimel
lastest styles


fur tails
arctic timber wolf
frozen rabbit skins
 
 


 
 
 
 
 






fur
        flies at the us presidential inauguration 2009









the presidential
        inauguration of barack obama was held in washington, dc on the 20th
        january 2009 and celebrated with a week of festivities including the
        presidential swearing-in ceremony, inaugural address, inaugural parade
        and numerous inaugural concerts, balls and galas honoring the new
        president of the united states. with temperatures well below freezing,
        the world’s most famous luminaries were out in fur, keeping
        stylishly warm and looking fantastically chic….proving once again
        that fur fashion scores high marks for both beauty and utility!
        the recent cold weather shows that when temperatures drop the ultimate
        cold weather fashion must-have is fur...whether full fur coats, cozy fur
        scarves or warm fur hats. and this was wildly evident across the stands
        and parade routes of dc during inauguration week on everyone from the
        housewife from california, to the politician from new york, to the
        celebrities in attendance who participated in this historical
        celebration.








angela basset
beyonce - jay z




jay z, in
        attendance with his glamorous wife beyonce knowles, wins in the style
        stakes with his sable trapper cap, while queen latifah looks comfortably
        chic and warm as she gives a speech in her stunning black dyed fox
        poncho.

        actresses angela bassett and rachael leigh cook showed us that a star
        truly shines when she is wearing her favorite fur. angela caught many an
        eye in her dramatic floor length black dyed sheared mink coat, while
        rachel went for the ultimate trend of the moment, the fox trappers hat,
        in an eye popping snowy white, complete with pom poms.
 








 rachel leigh cook
 diane von furstenberg
 george h.
w.
              bush




george h. w. bush
        it would appear is not one to miss out on such an historical moment, as
        well as a fashion trend! the former us president was also wearing a
        trapper hat, this one in red fox, which surely cannot be beaten for
        warmth or style.

        fashion designer diane von furstenberg always has a finger firmly on the
        fashion pulse and she is not missing a beat with this latest look. diane
        was wearing an arctic marble fox coat with fashionable three quarter
        length sleeves giving her the edge on fur fashion.








china
import & export marketing services - visit our staff in china



russian language version of
    this website



institutional
    portfolio management services




web design
- online marketing - advertising international
    or domestic e-commerce website cash flow creation if you want to generate income to and through your b2b
or b2c of $5+million
annually, take a look at this information which discounts discredited mechanics,
such as search engine position and banners. here is how to generate $16 of
revenue for each $1 in annual budget 



$25 test
    marketing referral of customers by the 10 largest search engines and
    directories, to your website, without  registering for an 
    "add link" or having to pay for such a link.



russian tax law



aug 2002 - major
corporations instruct their purchasing department to buy only on and over the
internet



lease
financing of all types of equipment, websites, software, online advertising services, online
marketing services, web design services, for individuals and small
and medium size businesses anywhere in the united states



export management company
    (emc) services 
for manufacturers  anywhere in the world who wish to create or expand export markets by a
minimum of $5 million annually through recruiting of importers, distributors and
wholesalers globally using web pages to attract revenue. specialization
in processed meats, fruits, vegetable, wheat, barley, grains, flour, coffee,
designer fashion apparel, food processing machinery & equipment,
agricultural machinery, construction machinery, mining machinery, ethical prescription
pharmaceuticals, hospital apparatus and equipment, prefabricated manufactured
housing. a dollar of online advertising budget will
generate $16 in annual revenue.



buying agent services
    in russia for importers of oem raw materials and natural resources such as carbamide
nitric fertilizer, aluminum ingots, fur pelts, oil, gas, metals, minerals,
chemicals,  manufactured products, technology transfer, ships, scrap etc.,
etc., etc



buying agent services in
united states  most people think the lowest price can be obtained
directly from the factory without any middlemen. there are many ways, due to
circumstances, that a manufacturers products may be available on the market at
prices below the manufacturer's prices. palms & company, inc., can help you
save money.



 mentor - advisor 
for governments and general directors of large industries.  corporate officers
. summit delegate and advisor to seven u.s. government agencies  for
economic development and  industrial reorganization, will provide daily
advice on confidential basis. confidentiality and discretion assured. distance
    education


personal
    counseling  anke van de waal m.ed, twenty years counseling
    experience in success management, stress
                                                     
    management, business and life planning, managing uncertainty.



international trade &
catalog of products



 aluminum
     

automobiles, 

buildings
& houses, 
 construction
materials, 
 forklifts-booms-cranes
     

food, 
fur   pelts  
    fur bedspreads & blankets   coats
    & jackets   scrap

meat (beef-pork-poultry), 
ships-vessel,
yachts
     

important books about global ethics, 
 strategy
 carbamide
nitric fertilizer 
sulphur sulfur 
pharmaceuticals,  
 designer apparel 
 etc., etc., etc. for  international importers.



warehousing eliminate trade barriers by
    warehousing
in europe 
    in russian language



barter

international transactions in container loads and ship loads



measuring
    uncertainty in english and russian language. when
    is the cost of a calculated business risk warranted. how do you measure
    that.



investment -- export
    services  from russia--
banking -- finance 
-- money  management




venture capital sources on cd



capital search services

           
 



ukraine




500 acquisition & merger candidates in 28 industries on a cd with 
2800 professional photographs, video and sound-track, in english, 
 russian and ukrainian language



 



   palms
    knowledge base


1999 - impressions
from russia during board of directors meeting of the east-west institute
with russian leaders, the patriarch of the russian orthodox church, members
of the state and city duma, business leaders, and new youth leadership
groups*
how
to use dr. palms' knowledge  or browse a list by
file number of 148 articles - essays and
substantive articles by peter palms  phd.  or start with table of contents  

 


palms' commentaries





palms'
commentary and resource library   



where
do we go from here:  world ethics,  & the future of the human
race




the environment

                        
native american rusell jim
of the yakama indian nation receives peace award
                                   
the honorable russell jim's acceptance
remarks


 palms'
portal to links 



portal gateway to eastern europe (databases,
resources, & links to the c.i.s., n.i.s. & baltics, formerly the
ussr); palms alphabetical directory
of 7000 russian & nis web sites for 32,000 web servers in russia
just click here
russian regional
administration




 russian import
& export & economic development    600+ files written in the russian
language and english (if you don't have cyrillic fonts
installed on your browser , russian will look like hieroglyphics. on netscape 6
you can  automatically convert this to legible  russian  at the
menu bar. click on view/character coding/ auto detect /russian. 

 


  
by: peter palms phd
notes for viewing our webpages
who reads palms portal: click here for typical site activity summary
from aa server in 1997click here for 400,000 monthly average 2 year traffic
summarynumber of times this page has been accessed since 1995 10,000,000the
year 2000 came and we decided to stop counting this next century 



can you really rely upon palms & company?
you are one of these
people  who can.
 





can
palms deliver?      
 

what
is their track-record ?
 
how
long have they been around?
 




 




   who is he anyhow?  . 



           

  what does the government
      think of his work 
 

     

   o.k.
get a hold of palms
     no, we
don't need palms. 



     


but lets get his  
      entire database on 
      cd and use it
                             







attention
brokers, agents , intermediaries, mandates of principals/buyers
go to top of this page


return
to home page


  go to top of this page












this counter in russian language
 










palms & company, inc. founded 1934


palms bayshore buillding , west wing,
  penthouse suite 408
  6421 lake washington boulevard north east, kirkland (seattle)
  state of washington, united states of america, 98033-6876


phone: 1-425-828-6774 & 1-425-827-5528


branches:
41 world-wide 
  email: palms@peterpalms.com
  consulting telephone: click here 


company founded 1934 . 
  this website created 1995 last revision of this page: 7/31/2013
  we have 1215 pages and many do not require updating
  copyright 1995-1996, palms and company, inc., all rights reserved

 
 




