










columbus direct travel insurance | holiday insurance











































home
contact
about
change country





















travel insurance

travel insurance
travel insurance europe
travel insurance usa
travel insurance spain
cruise holiday insurance
worldwide travel insurance
winter sport insurance
off piste ski insurance
pregnancy travel insurance
backpacker travel insurance
family travel insurance
business travel insurance
pre-existing medical conditions
over 65s travel insurance
more...


single trip
annual multi trip
help

help centre
24/7 emergency medical assistance service
make a claim
pre-existing medical conditions
existing customers
about us


blog






















travel insurance
airport lounge access if flight is delayed1up to £15m emergency medical cover2up to £5,000 cancellation cover2over 150 sports and activities







get a quote now




type of cover





single trip



 annual multi-trip



 backpacker



single trip with wintersports



 annual multi-trip with wintersports

 please select one of the cover type options.




single trip

single trip travel insurance is designed to cover one specific holiday or trip. if you plan to travel more than 2 times per year, our annual multi trip policy may be better value.

we can only cover people up to the age of 85, if you are over this age, you can get cover from our partner goodtogoinsurance.com. to buy a policy from them online click here, or call them on 0330 024 4478.


annual multi trip
an annual multi trip policy can save you money if you travel 2 or more times per year. it also means you won't have to set up a new policy every time you go.
we can only cover people up to the age of 74. if you are over this age you could try our single trip policy which has an age limit of 85. alternatively, you may get cover from our partner goodtogoinsurance.com. to buy a policy from them online click here, or call them on 0330 024 4478.


backpacker
we offer our globetrotter policy to those looking to travel for between 60 and 365 days on one journey.
we can only cover people up to the age of 65. if you are over this age you could try our single trip policy which has an age limit of 85. alternatively, you may get cover from our partner goodtogoinsurance.com. to buy a policy from them online click here, or call them on 0330 024 4478.


winter sports cover
our winter sports policy covers you for a range of activities, on or off-piste (within resort boundaries), whether you are a skier or a snowboarder. check the policy wording for a full list of the winter sports covered. adding this cover to annual multi trip policies will cover you for up to 17 days per year.









destination





united kingdom



europe



worldwide



worldwide excluding usa, canada, mexico and the caribbean

 please select one of the destination options.



united kingdom

this includes cover for travel to: england, scotland, northern ireland, wales and the isle of man.



europe

this includes cover for travel to: aland islands, albania, andorra, armenia, austria, belarus, belgium, bosnia-herzegovina, bulgaria, channel islands (including guernsey, jersey, alderney, sark and herm), chechnya, croatia, cyprus, czech republic, denmark (including faroe islands), egypt, estonia, finland, france (including corsica), georgia, germany, gibraltar, greece (including greek isles), greenland, hungary, iceland, italy (including aeolian islands, sardinia, sicily), kosovo, latvia, liechtenstein, lithuania, luxembourg, macedonia, malta, moldova, monaco, morocco, netherlands, norway (including jan mayen, svalbard is), poland, portugal (including azores, madeira islands), romania, russia (west of the urals), san marino, serbia/montenegro (including kosovo), slovakia, slovenia, spain (including balearic islands, canary islands), sweden, switzerland, tunisia , turkey, ukraine, uk area (great britain and northern ireland), the republic of ireland and vatican city.
please note: this policy excludes travel to countries or regions which the foreign, commonwealth and development office (fcdo) have advised against travelling to. it is recommended that, before travelling, you check the foreign travel advice area provided by the fcdo which can be found at www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice.



worldwide

travel anywhere in the world. please note: this policy excludes travel to countries or regions which the foreign, commonwealth and development office (fcdo) have advised against travelling to. it is recommended that, before travelling, you check the foreign travel advice area provided by the fcdo which can be found at www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice.



worldwide excluding usa, canada, mexico, caribbean
travel anywhere in the world, except usa, canada, mexico, caribbean. please note: this policy excludes travel to countries or regions which the foreign,  commonwealth and development office (fcdo) have advised against travelling to. it is recommended that, before travelling, you check the foreign travel advice area provided by the fcdo which can be found at www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice.








trip dates




date from



 date invalid




date to



 date invalid




no. of days



 invalid days number


please select trip dates.


trip dates
for annual multi trip policies, cancellation cover is provided from the selected policy start date. if you require cancellation cover to begin immediately, please select today as the policy start date.
for single trip policies, cancellation cover is provided from when you purchase your policy.








group type





individual



couple



family



group

 please select one of the group type options.




individual

please select the traveller who you wish to book insurance for. if there is a group of you, please select the group type of policy.



couple
a couple who are legally married, common-law partners or living at the same address. all limits and excesses are per person irrespective of one or both travelling on the same trip.


family
a family is considered to be a legally married couple, a common law husband and wife, a single parent or adult couple who have lived at the same address for at least one year and up to 4 children aged under 18 (or up to 22 if in full time education). under 2s travel free on an adult or couple policy (please select family, under type of policy to set this up).


group
if your group has more than 8 people, please call us at 0800 068 0060.

please note: all limits and excesses are per person (unless otherwise stated) irrespective of whether travelling on the same trip or individually.









number of travellers



2
3
4
5
6
7
8



traveller(s) age


1st



 field required




2nd



 field required




3rd



 field required




4th



 field required




5th



 field required




6th



 field required




7th



 field required




8th



 field required








promotion code



please wait...




you must be a uk resident to purchase travel insurance









plan your next trip today... 
at columbus, we know your holidays are one of the most important times of the year, so why wait? why not plan that long-awaited holiday today?
if you are planning to explore one of the many european countries make sure you have travel cover in place before you start your journey. if you are visiting provence in southern france to enjoy the many coastal walks or planning a trip to the italian peninsula to visit one of its beautiful cities, don’t leave home without european travel insurance to ensure you have peace of mind during your travels.
if you are going further afield to destinations such as thailand or egypt in search of that much needed sunshine or little bit of adventure, don’t forget to make sure you have the right cover in place so you can truly relax while you’re away.
travelling a few times over the next year? annual multi trip travel insurance may be the best option to ensure you are covered for all your trips. you can go away as many times as you like, as long as each trip is within your selected trip limited – you can choose a maximum trip duration of 31, 45 or 60 days. so, what are you waiting for, get your quote today!
get cover for your next trip by choosing from our three levels of cover, bronze, silver, and gold. with additional cover available for gadgets, winter sports and more, you can make sure you have the right insurance in place to suit your needs, so you can relax and enjoy your time away.
we offer…

up to £15 million emergency medical expenses2
up to £5,000 cancellation cover2
up to £2,500 baggage cover2
over 150 sports and activities covered for free
free airport lounge access if your flight is delayed for 1 hr or more1
new covid-19 upgrade available.
new extended trip disruption cover available.

 
award winning insurance
columbus have been covering travellers for 30 years, with a wide range of policies available, no matter what you want to do, wherever you are in the world, we’ll look after you.
whether you’re travelling for work and need business travel insurance, off for some fun on the slopes and require winter sports cover, or just heading off to soak up the sun, columbus will ensure you’re covered. so pack your bags, deliver a killer presentation, find that fresh powder or bag the perfect sun lounger, there’s an adventure waiting, and we’ve got a policy for you!
however, it’s not just all about you - our family travel insurance and group cover also looks after your loved ones and friends, so you’re able to travel with peace of mind. our flexible policies mean you’re free to explore and be adventurous, because it’s your world, so enjoy it!
our world is full of beautiful countries, and each country has their fair share of equally beautiful cities. so whether you’re travelling near, and only require european travel insurance, or ticking off cities a little bit further afield, worldwide travel insurance is there for you too.
cover for pre-existing medical conditions
if you or someone travelling on your travel insurance policy has a pre-existing medical condition(s), it is important that you declare the condition to ensure that you have full cover in place. we can offer cover for a wide range of  pre-existing medical conditions so you can travel with the peace of mind that you’re covered. pre-existing medical conditions are not covered unless they are declared to us, agreed by us and an extra premium is paid (if required).
if you have a pre-existing medical condition, you can also access a directory that has been set up by moneyhelper on behalf of the financial conduct authority, this provides easy access to details of companies that specialise in providing cover. the directory can be accessed by clicking here or by calling 0800 138 7777.
take us with you when you visit ski resorts around the world
there are many ski resorts across europe and the rest of the world, providing plenty of options when deciding which pistes are the best match for you. popular locations include austria, italy, switzerland and the usa.
france is also known for its world class slopes and scenic views, making it an ideal location if you want to enjoy the snow. ski resorts like chamonix, courchevel and flaine provide pristine conditions to suit beginner, intermediate and expert skiers.
before you set off on your winter sports trip, make sure that you have ski insurance in place so that you are protected if you face the unexpected. it can be added to your travel insurance policy and includes cover for search and rescue, piste closures, and if your equipment is lost, stolen or damaged during your holiday.




terms and conditions apply: 
(1)the policyholder can register both themselves and up to four travelling companions for columbus direct’s airport delay services. they will then be eligible to receive free airport lounge access in the event a delay of one or more hours is announced for your flight. view terms and conditions here. 
(2) benefits shown are for gold policies.
(3)where discounts are offered they do not apply to columbus direct products purchased through third parties. this offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer, discount or promotion.



latest from our blog view more

perfect pancakes from around the world 
fancy adding a little something extra to your pancakes tonight? we’ve found three pancake recipes from france, germany and the usa which will ensure your battered treats have a little more bite.
now’s the time to take inspiration from travel and ditch the same old recipe you’ve been using for years... read more


world landmarks that are searched the most on google 
national landmarks are often among the biggest attractions for tourists, and they can often become a leading reason for why someone might decide to visit a country. some are known for their long history and impressive architecture, while others provide stunning views and once-in-a-lifetime experienc... read more


scenic cities to propose to your partner on valentine's day 
many cities, particularly within europe, are known for their romantic settings. whether it is the beautiful scenery or the quiet, secluded feel of the area. a lot of us choose these cities to whisk away our partner during valentine’s day.
some even take it a step further and choose their trip with ... read more


the six weirdest ways to get married abroad 
thinking about getting married abroad?
with valentine’s day just around the corner, many couples out there are probably getting ready to make the ultimate commitment and get engaged.  we’ve listed our top six most unusual weddings - our favourite one is the nightmare before christmas-themed nuptial... read more






travel insurance tailored for you


why columbus direct?

free airport lounge access if your flight is delayed for more than 1 hour1
over 150 sports and activities covered free
award-winning products and services
over 15 million customers since 1988



awards

















awards
affiliates
media
disclaimer
policy documentation
claim help


contact
help
blog
privacy
site map







twitter



facebook



you-tube





columbus direct is a trading name of collinson insurance services limited which is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority under firm reference number 311883.
registered in england & wales. reg 00758979. address: 5th floor, 3 more london riverside, london, se1 2aq





























