



tucson dressage club - home





menu
log in




home




about us



join us







compete



scores and awards







calendar



education







sponsors



support your club







classified ads and services




links



trainers, dressage university







members only

























remember me


forgot password
















home




about us



join us







compete



scores and awards







calendar



education







sponsors



support your club







classified ads and services




links



trainers, dressage university







members only







log in



 



for love of the sport, for spirit of competition,for advancement of skills, for gathering of communitywe welcome you.

   
 



upcoming events







america/phoenix
march madness i & ii sponsorship and advertising

14 feb 2025






america/phoenix
ada at bar a

22 feb 2025


bar a



america/phoenix
online schooling show & wdaa recognized show

22 feb 2025


your home arena



america/phoenix
clinic with ellie stine masek

23 feb 2025


circle d ranch



america/phoenix
tdc march madness i & ii

8 mar 2025


pima county fairgrounds



america/phoenix
monthly board meeting

19 mar 2025 6:00 pm


zoom





view full calendarview past events
 

announcements

thank you all who joined us at our 50th anniversary celebration, annual meeting and year end award banquet!we were able to reconnect with many who have given so much to tucson dressage club throughout the years.there were many new faces as well as we look forward to the next milestone anniversary.~please enjoy this beautiful slideshow presentation created by jennifer parker.  many of the people, horses and riders who have formed our history have been remembered here.~a tucson dressage club history for our 50th anniversary was created by stacey lent.  read here about the founding and the people and events from the past! ~a photo gallery of the 2024 year end award recipients!


thank you sponsors for helping to make our circle d  show a success!
elite ~ parsons steel erectors       ~buffalo fence & barn co  

high point~ valori institute of massage ~susan arbuckle ~kmd equine
classes~tania radda ~geren thurston ~janet teodori ~katie minter dykhouse
region 5 february news
show
season is well underway in the southern part of our region and i hope everyone in
our northern states is staying warm and getting a little horse time this
winter. we are having another snow filled season and i hope it brings us some
lovely green pastures once more!  
it
was great to see some of you at the usdf fei trainers’ conference in
loxahatchee, florida in january.  the
presentation was phenomenal and monica and christine did an excellent job with
each horse and rider.  i hope you will
consider putting the fei trainers’ conference on your calendars for future
years, each year the level of education is of the highest caliber.
i
enjoyed presenting to the usdf young rider graduate program just before the fei
trainers’ conference.  it was 2 days of
industry presentations to our younger folks who are looking at careers in the
equine industry. we had a few representatives from region 5!  i had the pleasure of talking about being a
technical delegate and our role in the sport. this program is offered every two
years and really is another great opportunity offered by usdf for our members.
if
you have an educational activity that your barn, group or organization is
doing, please let me know so i can add it to the region 5 educational activity
calendar that is sent out with the monthly regional updates by usdf. we would
love to keep everyone as informed as possible. we can also post events on the
region 5 website. please feel free to send me an email reminder for anything
you’d like to see posted.  
region 5 news continues here

usdf launches book club featuring top authors and professionals
lexington, ky (july 1, 2024) - the united states dressage federation™ (usdf) is pleased to announce the launch of the new usdf book club. this exciting program is the newest in a long list of education initiatives and opportunities created and offered by usdf. by participating in the usdf book club, members will be introduced to the published works of the industry’s top authors and professionals, and engage them in firsthand discussions through webinars and on the dressage radio show podcast.
each year, usdf will host four webinars, one for each of the four books selected annually, where authors will be invited to participate to discuss their works from the writing process and content matter, to how their thoughts on the subject may have evolved since publication. participants will also have the opportunity to participate in question and answer sessions, both in the webinars and when the authors are featured on the dressage radio show podcast. additionally, participants in the usdf book club will have opportunities to earn education credits, while their home usdf regions and group member organizations (gmos) compete to earn awards based on participation.  for more info and 2025 books, click here

classified ads and services
advertise your services and goods for sale on the website and be seen!
for more information about getting your business on our website, click here.


2023 presidents award
2023 delia gonzalez award
tucson 2023 year end awards for schooling and recognized shows
photos of award winners

photo montage of 2023 state championships

us equestrian introduces microchip rule for equine health and safety
by us equestrian communications department | sep 5, 2023, 10:11 am est
lexington, ky. – the us equestrian federation strives to consistently ensure the safety and welfare of both our human and equine athletes. one fundamental aspect of equine safety is microchipping. microchips in horses allow for immediate onsite verification of horses for the purpose of safeguarding the health of each horse. this is vital, especially during times of disease outbreaks or natural disasters.
to this end, the us equestrian board of directors approved a new microchipping rule during the 2023 mid-year board meeting. beginning december 1, 2025, under gr 1101.1, all horses competing in usef-licensed or -endorsed competitions must be microchipped with a 15-digit iso compliant 11784/11785 chip. 
more information

saaha- southern arizona arabian horse association- is  sponsoring a high point award for arabians, half arabians or anglo arabians at tucson shows. 
for more infomation, click here


if you are wondering how you can  get more involved with tdc, we need help on committees! do you like writing? we need help with newsletter submissions! do you want to help with the recognized competitions? join the show committee! do you like putting together events? we can use help preparing for the clinics/symposiums, socials, & schooling shows! are you craving more social activities for club members? we would love a small committee of people that organize social events! do you like to be more on the tech side of things? perhaps helping maintain the website would be of interest! let us know how you would like to support dressage in our community through volunteering with tucson dressage club.   contact us with your enthusiasm at tucsondressagclub2@gmail.com or bobbi@amadoequine.com


gmo volunteer incentive program
members of the gmo now are able to participate in a new award program sponsored by the usdf.  gmo members log their hours on a form (link to more information and form below) and that is then validated by a gmo officer.  once a milestone has been achieved, the member submits the gmo volunteer incentive program tracking sheet to usdf. 
!https://yourdressage.org/2021/10/18/the-group-member-organization-gmo-volunteer-incentive-program-vip/elib


tucson dressage club eligibility and requirements for year end awards - recognized and schooling shows
volunteerism and/or service to the club is required to be eligible for schooling show and recognized show year end awards.  
please note that for tdc recognized show year end awards:
eligible events are hosted by arizona gmos: tucson dressage club and arizona dressage association
·         tdc recognized shows
·         ada recognized shows
·         tdc or ada recognized open show in conjunction with a state or regional championshipto learn about opportunities for volunteering and/or serving the club, please read the 
tdc awards eligibility and requirements 
volunteer hours tracking sheet

























promoting the art and sport of dressage in southeast arizona since 1975

the tucson dressage club is an education organization for dressage enthusiasts in southeastern arizona.
when you join tdc, you'll become part of our equestrian community, be eligible for member benefits, and will be supporting dressage at a local and national level.
explore membership

   


log in



 



© 2021 tucson dressage club. all rights reserved
 





powered by wild apricot membership software






