










aviation consulting - landrum & brown incorporated










































 



 skip to content







 













contact us:   +1 513 530 5333 




search for:



















 


search for:








aboutabout usleadershipcorporate social responsibilitycompaniesservicesactivation planningairfield & airspacebusiness & financecommercial developmentenvironmentalground transportationmaster planning & strategysustainabilityterminal planning & designprojectsnewsnewsemployee recognition awardspublic reviewcareersl&b lab






search for:











 









aviation consultingkelly.everett2024-09-02t14:40:43+00:00 


aviation consulting to the core
landrum & brown is a global aviation consulting firm with airports at the core of our dna. we bring passion and creativity to solve the most complex global aviation challenges with the potential to enhance the world.
serving airports and other aviation clients for more than 70 years across all seven continents, our aviation consulting practice includes both planning and development services that span activation planning, airfield and airspace, business and finance, commercial development, environmental, ground transportation, master planning and strategy, terminal planning and design.
aviation is a dynamic and international industry. through our global network of offices, we provide a truly international experience in our work on each unique project, including most of the largest airports in the world. we carefully assemble a dedicated team of talented employees to collaborate with you, delivering each project to the highest level of service in the industry.
featured projectkelly.everett2023-06-15t18:34:24+00:00

 

guayaquil international airport, ecuadorlearn moreblog/innovation75th anniversary editioncompany overviewmeet landrum & brown in this one-minute video overview.innovating ahead of the curve
in the l&b lab (our research, development, and innovation unit), we’re always working on ways to assist aviation consulting clients and the industry. this year, that meant a focus on covid-19 response, guidance on how the pandemic is impacting aviation, and a discussion of what airports and other key stakeholders must consider. we launched and continue to maintain an interdisciplinary team to build upon and extend our global knowledge about aviation issues and innovative guidance in the publication.explore l&b labaviation consulting services
our aviation consulting services span across virtually every aspect of airport and aviation planning and development from planning to design and development. with more than 70 years of experience across seven continents, we have a vast project portfolio full of examples for you to explore. our service lines include:
– activation planning
– airfield & airspace
– business & finance
– commercial development
– environmental
– ground transportation
– master planning & strategy
– terminal planning & design
“landrum & brown has always been very conscientious, dependable, and provided valuable support for our planning, environmental, and architectural projects.”jack christine, chief operating officer, charlotte douglas international airport
schedule a conversation with our aviation consulting teamcontact usjoin the conversation on linkedin  



 
 





 











 

client centercontact usterms of useprivacy policy 


english
中文 (中国)

 

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link



this website uses cookies and third party services.					

			ok		























































































 


go to top




