










shore chemical company



 
 
welcome to shore chemical company.  shore is
your source for custom formulated and blended chemical products.  this site contains
information on shore chemical company, its capabilities and products.  feel free to
browse our catalog.  please e-mail us any questions you might have about our products
or this page. we'll be glad to help.
 
our mission
dear customer:
shore chemical company produces a broad range of
formulated chemical performance products covering the categories shown in the index, plus
others such as certain coatings and water treatment chemicals that have been developed for
specialized uses. most of the products shore makes are sold under a private label brand
name of the purchaser. we invite inquiries for the manufacture of formulated products made
by liquid and dry or viscous blending such as pigmented water based coating. we can
develop, manufacture, package, and deliver your formulated products.
the products listed in the catalog are available for
sale in 5, 30, 55, and 275 gallon containers to both distributors and users. price lists
for each customer category are available on request. price quotations in container sizes
smaller than 5 gallons will be furnished for large volume purchases on request.
shore specializes in solving surface cleaning,
restoration, and protection problems through the use of formulated chemical products. if
you have such a problem or need a product made, give shore a call.
sincerely
shore chemical company
 
shore-site catalog index
click on the following categories to learn more about some
of shore's extensive lines of products.
section 1 -
automotive maintenance products
section 2 - concrete and
masonry maintenance products
section 3 - deodorant products
section 4 - custodial and
general maintenance products
section 5 - kitchen and
personal products
section 6 -
specialized cleaning and maintenance products
section 7 - metal cleaning,
maintenance and paint removal products

contact information

telephone 
412.471.3330
800.860.4978
 
fax 
412.471.3260 
 
postal address 
2305 duss ave. suite 3
ambridge pa 15003
 
electronic mail 
general information: manager@shorechemical.com


send mail to manager@shorechemical.com
with questions or comments about this web site.
copyright © september, 2005 shore
corporation
last modified: september 22, 2005
legal notices


