

desertlink.com

















desertlink.com


museum & history links
antelope valley indian museum
the antelope valley indian museum is a unique and eclectic folk art structure located in northeastern los angeles county. the museum houses objects created by the american indian cultures of the western great basin, california, and the southwest.

beatty museum
the beatty museum and historical society is dedicated to the preservation of the history of the beatty, nevada area, including the bullfrog mining district. the museum presents you with an opportunity to experience life in the early 1900s; learn how the early miners lived, worked and played; venture through the; “bullfrog gold rush” era; and learn about the ghost towns and attractions in the area.

big bear history museum
the big bear valley historical society is an organization of people dedicated to preserving the rich history of the area and promoting an appreciation of its colorful and diverse heritage. in addition to hosting historical tours and featured speakers, the society operates a historical museum with an extensive collection of artifacts, featuring exhibits from the indigenous serrano indians, the gold mining era, cowboys and cattle ranching, logging, fox farming and early winter sports.

boulder city/hoover dam museum
the boulder city/hoover dam museum tells the story of the men and women who braved the desolation of the southern nevada desert to build hoover dam and settle boulder city.  their's is a story of american ambition, vision and grit.  built during the great depression and as the dust bowl ravaged the american heartland, the engineering and construction marvel that is hoover dam also served as a beacon of hope -- signaling a brighter future.

central nevada museum tonopah
the central nevada historical society is dedicated to preserving the history of nye & esmeralda counties through our displays and research library made available to the public at the central nevada museum in tonopah, nevada. 

clark county historical museum
the clark county historical society (cchs) was established in 1917 to assist in the preservation of historic sites. today, we are a vibrant museum featuring exhibits, talks, and events focusing on local stories across all segments of clark county’s history. we embrace those memories and care for the history being written everyday, so they are never forgotten.

colorado river historical society
the mission of colorado river historical society shall be to operate the museum to promote
interest and knowledge concerning the history of the lower colorado river and specifically 
the tri-state region. 

eastern california museum
the mission of the museum is to collect, preserve, and interpret objects and information related to the cultural and natural history of inyo county and the eastern sierra, from death valley to mono lake. 

goldfield historical society
the goldfield historical society is dedicated to the preservation and promotion of the history and heritage of goldfield, nevada for present and future generations.

historical society of the upper mojave desert
henderson historical society`
hi-desert nature museum
las vegas historical society
las vegas natural history museum
lost city museum
laws railroad museum
visitors from around the world who have come here to experience this unique museum setting. you’ll find eleven acres of indoor and outdoor exhibits including the original depot and steam locomotive engine #9.  experience what life was like over 100 years ago.

malki museum
mojave river valley museum *
museum of western film history
needles regional museum
local history, santa fe railroad, harvey house, route 66, historical photographs, mojave indian bead work & pottery.
located right across the street from the el garces harvey house, the needles regional museum displays many artifacts from the area.

pahrump valley museum
the mission of the society is to collect, preserve and study those objects, photographs, local crafts and documents that will serve to illustrate the story of man and nature in the area which includes nye county and related surrounding areas. selected items will be placed on exhibition in a museum to be located in pahrump, nevada. the understanding of our heritage is basic to an understanding of the world we live in and gives us a better appreciation of our state and county.

daggett historical society
our purpose is to promote and save the history of daggett, calico and the silver valley
we are a community-based non profit organization engaged in research and  archive of the history in this area.




tehachapi depot museum
the tehachapi depot railroad museum buildings and displays are owned by the city of tehachapi.  the property is owned by union pacific.  the museum is totally operated by volunteer members of friends of the tehachapi depot.  
      we are very proud of our museum, and equally proud of our volunteers, who welcome our visitors with open arms, and who educate them about the depot's historical background, including the development of railroads in the united states,  and inform them about our community.

tehachapi museum
tehachapi’s roots began with the kawaiisu who arrived in this region about 1,500 years ago. while miners passed through on their way to california’s fabled gold rush, the first permanent settlers were ranchers and farmers. but it was the coming of the railroad in 1876 which created the present tehachapi. the museum’s collections are not only varied but unique in many respects as they offer you a glimpse of life in tehachapi and its many generations.

twenty mule team museum
the mission of the twenty mule team museum is to acquire and document artifacts pertaining to local history and to the history of borax mining in death valley and boron. these displays and archives are for the enjoyment and enlightenment of visitors and for research by students and others.

western hotel museum
twentynine palms historical society
the society’s mission is to collect, preserve and display information, artifacts and memorabilia pertaining to the culture and history of twentynine palms and the greater morongo basin. 

fort tejon historical society
fort tejon is located in the grapevine canyon, the main route between california's great central valley and southern california. 

mohave museum

the mohave museum of history and arts is dedicated to the purposes of preserving the heritage of northwestern arizona and of presenting that history to the public. 


rand desert museum

the rand desert museum is a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving and protecting the cultural and architectural history of the rand mining district and adjacent historic sites in the upper mojave desert region of california.  information about the communities of randsburg, johannesburg, red mountain (osdick), atolia, garlock, saltdale, and cantil may be found at the museum.

calico ghost town

a facility for park visitors to learn more about calico and the former calico mining district, as well as the natural history of this 480-acre mojave desert county regional park. to contribute to the preservation of the heritage of san bernardino county, california.

barstow route 66 mother road museum

the route 66 “mother road” museum was dedicated on july 4, 2000 in the historic casa del desierto, harvey house, in barstow, california. the museum displays a collection of historic photographs and artifacts related to route 66 and the mojave desert communities. displays include development of the united states route 66 from early pioneer trails, railroads, automotive history, businesses and sites.

western america railroad museum

the museum collects, preserves and shares the history of railroading in the pacific southwest for all who love railroads and railroading. w.a.r.m. provides educational forums with interpretive and historical displays that focuses on both railroad history and the development of railroad technology.

maturango museum

museum of the cultural history, natural history and geology of the northern mojave desert emphasizing our indian wells valley. located in ridgecrest, california. …

mojave desert heritage & cultural association

to research and conserve the natural and cultural history of the mojave desert region for the purpose of preserving and sharing these resources in perpetuity. we accomplish this through operation of a research center, library, and archives, restoration of significant structures, conservation of historic open space, interpretation of backcountry trails, and production of educational guidebooks and historical publications in concert with government agencies and people of good faith everywhere.

california route 66 museum – victorville

the california route 66 museum maintains and displays a collection of historic photographs and artifacts related to the history of route 66 and it’s communities. the displays include automotive history, cultural and economic impact as well as the development of the highway itself. exhibitions incorporate corresponding topics such as early pioneer trails and the railroad.

mohahve historical society
our members are dedicated to learning about and preserving the history of the mojave desert. 

san bernardino county museum
through the lens of the region’s dynamic cultural and natural history, the san bernardino county museum develops visitors’ appreciation of our diverse regional identity to spark their curiosity, to stimulate inquiry, to challenge their assumptions, and to invite them to contribute to our common future.

searchlight museum

this museum was established to report the history of one of southern nevada’s most fascinating boomtowns. searchlight once surpassed las vegas in population and came close to being designated as the clark county seat. 

searles valley historical society
the searles valley historical society was founded in 1979 as a non-profit corporation. its primary purpose is to bring together people interested in history, especially in the history of searles valley, and to preserve the history of searles valley for future generations.

virgin valley heritage museum
this museum was established to report the history of one of southern nevada’s most fascinating boomtowns. searchlight once surpassed las vegas in population and came close to being designated as the clark county seat.
the mission of the virgin valley heritage museum is to deepen the understanding of the community and visitors about the virgin valley specifically mesquite, bunkerville and southern nevada. we strive to bring history to life through collections, exhibits, special events and educational opportunities. we also strive to preserve and protect our local history.

wrightwood historical society
west antelope valley historical society



other resources


old spanish trail association

protecting, interpreting and promoting the old spanish national historic trail

desert explorers

the desert explorers is a four-wheel drive (4wd) group within the mojave river valley museum association. trips, normally at least once a month, focus on sightseeing (rather than “rock crawling”) and often include an optional hike to explore mines, petroglyph or pictograph sites, old emigrant trails, or other points of interest.

mojave history

select histories of the mojave desert by richard thompson.

digital-desert

points of interest in the mojave desert & natural histories.

mojave desert net

mojave desert historical and cultural information.

santa clarita valley history
the way of things
the way of things is a series of instructional videos by carlos gallinger. the videos discuss the high desert covering a wide array of topics including awareness & presence, tracking & reading sign, the wind and much more.



visitor centers
desert discovery

history of green valley lake






sugarloaf - barstow


oasis of mara circa 1904


hesperia, california


goldfield, nevada


searles valley historical society





prospector shorty harris


skidoo






02-05-2022 = 2000540
2231957


