







diy or not - diy or not

























































skip to content 







 
menu 
home
project cost articles
diy guides
woodworking plans
paint sprayers
about
 















your complete diyheadquarters

diy or not is the resource you need to start your next project with confidence and finish like a pro.








project cost articles


diy guides


woodworking plans


paint sprayers


about



what you can expect from our guides




project metrics
we provide you with metrics to determine whether the project is right for you.



detailed instructions
our expert diyers lay out a how-to guide for you to follow.



answers
we give you the answers you need while in the middle of your project.



pictures
you’ll find images in every article to help you visualize each step in the process.






pinterest


facebook


twitter








about gene and katie hamilton
gene and katie reside in st. michaels, maryland, and have spent years teaching themselves the ins and outs of do-it-yourself projects. early on in their marriage, they were astounded at the costs of having a professional come out to do simple projects. with a little trial and error, they took on more projects of various sizes. 
they’ve dedicated their lives to sharing their expertise in diy home improvement to give readers the knowledge and ability to handle projects on their own. in 1987, they started a syndicated newspaper column called do it yourself or not, leading to the development of www.diyornot.com. their expert advice is still sought after and the site remains a favorite of home improvement enthusiasts worldwide. gene and katie have always happily shared their wealth of knowledge by writing 20 books on home improvement and founding housenet, the first website on the topic, which became a popular aol channel.




 












1999 - 2023 | diy or not © | about us | contact | disclaimer | privacy policy

diy or not is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites. pages on this site may include affiliate links to amazon and its affiliate sites on which the owner of this website will make a referral commission.























