



rebelscum.com: home page






























home
channels

news channels

action figures
custom figures
miscellaneous
cards and video games
comics, books, magazines
current spoilers
fan news
12" figures
vehicles and playsets
lego
cons, shows, events
sponsor announcements
store reports
micromachines
question mark! (retired)


site sections

collectors' collections
comic books
checklists
hasbro
galoob
applause
bend-ems
restaurant premiums
custom figures
other brands
link banners
image use policy
privacy policy
site credits
disclaimer
collect to collect


highlights and tools

jedi journals
high-end registry
special features
probe droid polls
collect to collect code of honor




got news?

main site

submit news
or, select a staff member
joey barr
jay shepard


rebelscum languages

rebelscum spanish




photo archive

collectibles by company

bandai
disney
disney infinity
efx collectibles
gentle giant
hasbro
hot toys
kotobukiya
sideshow collectibles
others

older companies

code 3 collectibles
icons
kenner
master replicas
wizards of the coast
others


collectibles by type

action figures
other toy lines
statues and busts
prop replicas
international collectibles
games
comic books
other collectibles

conventions

toy fairs
san diego comic-cons
star wars celebrations
star wars celebrations collecting track
others




stores

rebelscum is a news and photo reference site for star wars toys and collectibles. we do not sell toys. please support our site by shopping with one of our sponsors.
recommended stores

bigbadtoystore.com
entertainment earth
official pix

still can't find it?
ebay




rebelscumshop
r2-d2 parts
cool stuff
amazon
gentle giant
efx




rebelscum shop
forum

 



















breaking news


rebel scum con 2025
the 2nd annual event celebrating all things star wars with celebrities, autographs, panels, exhibitors and more!

full report



star wars® collecting news


rebel scum con 2025
posted by chris on february 16, 2025 at 03:24 pm cst | forums
the 2nd annual event celebrating all things star wars with celebrities, autographs, panels, exhibitors and more!

full report
related articles
send





gentle giant: logray milestones statue
posted by nick on february 14, 2025 at 03:51 pm cst | forums
now available for order, that lovable shaman....logray! check out this latest addition to the lineup, a gentle giant exclusive.

full report
send





hasbro: the vintage collection ezra (hero of lothal) review
posted by nick on february 10, 2025 at 05:42 pm cst | forums
our friend @turntabletothedarkside lends his expertise in another tvc review. see what he has to say about ezra returning to the scene and the tvc line.

full report
send





gentle giant: in stores now 5 feb
posted by nick on february 5, 2025 at 06:02 pm cst | forums
it’s wednesday, which means it’s time for a new shipment of collectibles to your local comic shop courtesy of diamond select toys and gentle giant ltd!

full report
send





regal robot: jabba the hutt concept maquette
posted by nick on january 31, 2025 at 06:52 pm cst | forums
the latest replica in regal robot’s archive collection pays homage to classic making-of documentaries. regal has replicated phil tippett’s slug-like early concept maquette for jabba the hutt.  as part of the company’s archive collection, this is another authentic replica with impeccable lineage based on a 3d scan of the original sculpture in the prop archives.

full report
send





lego: at-at driver helmet
posted by nick on january 27, 2025 at 06:00 pm cst | forums
to kick off the star wars power the force campaign, starwars.com has an exclusive first look at a new entry in the popular lego star wars helmets collection: the at-at driver helmet!

full report
send





gentle giant: february preorders
posted by nick on january 24, 2025 at 04:33 pm cst | forums
it's almost february and gentle giant surprised us with some new preorders including anew jumbo. we're getting some more clone wars and prequels love!

full report
send





fanhome: darth vader build-up model
posted by nick on january 23, 2025 at 06:44 pm cst | forums
fanhome, the leader in subscription-based collections and models, adds one of cinema and pop culture’s most legendary villains to its product line as it announces a build-up model for darth vader. the subscription delivers an accurate, half-scale replica of the sith lord as he appeared in star wars: episode v the empire strikes back.

full report
send





hasbro: january 2025 star wars fanstream reveals
posted by nick on january 22, 2025 at 04:06 pm cst | forums
during today’s hasbro pulse star wars fanstream, the team showcased new additions to the vintage collection and the black series product lines! these collectibles feature premium detail and design across product and packaging, as well as collector-grade deco that fans have come to know and love.

full report
send





hasbro: black series fern (at attin) review
posted by nick on january 16, 2025 at 06:16 pm cst | forums
with the series end, bobby continues our coverage of the core four skeleton crew with the captain, by dibs, fern!

full report
send





gentle giant: in stores now - 14 january
posted by nick on january 14, 2025 at 06:36 pm cst | forums
it’s almost wednesday, which means new collectibles are at your local comic shop courtesy of diamond select toys and gentle giant ltd! also available now or soon from bbts.

full report
send





hasbro: black series mandalorian shriek-hawk and shriek-hawk trainers review
posted by nick on january 9, 2025 at 05:58 pm cst | forums
get your gauntlet ready for these specialized mandalorian units in today's review. bobby breaks down the black series arrivals of some new mandos that use one of the coolest and most expensive special weapons.

full report
send





hasbro: the vintage collection haslab the ghost review
posted by nick on january 7, 2025 at 06:34 pm cst | forums
attention all spectres......bobby has the ghost in hand and takes us on a tour of this massive ship from hasbro. was it worth the wait? check out the breakdown in our hands on review.

full report
send




more news and news history.
















special feature archive










the next big ticket item?the vintage collection - general toy discussion threadmattel - jurassic world/parkdisney build a droid protocol parts"el cuarto de chateo"dt luke afa 75the black series 6" - general discussion thread















copyright 1996 - 2025, future vintage, llc.    email rebelscum | image use policy | privacy policy | disclaimer | site credits "you rebel scum!"

