

feline cancer resources











feline 
        cancer resources - first 
        step



in 
        loving memories of phil and holly








 








search 
              this site 
              - powered by freefind
please check your spelling! 












first 
            step


 
 
common signs of cancer


 

get a diagnosis


 

good place to 
            start


  




emotional support




 


cancer 
              overview 



 
 
cancer 
            diagnosis


 
 
types 
            of cancer


 
 
cancer 
            faqs


 
 
oral 
            cancer


 
 
gi 
            cancer


 
 
lymphoma


 
 
mammary 
            cancer


 
 
skin 
            cancer


 
 
vas


 
 
myeloma


 
 
terminology


 
 
tumor tidbits



 


treatment 
              options 



 
 
overview


 
 
surgery


 
 
chemotherapy


 
 
 
drugs


 
 
 
side effects


 
 
radiation


 
 
alternative


 
 
patient 
            care



 


medical 
              topics 



 
 
pain 
            management


 
 
blood 
            tests


 
 
pilling 
            a cat


 
 
compounding 
            pharmacies


 
 
subcutaneous 
            fluids


 
 
first 
            aid


 
 
caring 
            for handicapped pets


 
 
veterinary 
            supplies


 
 
pet 
            hospice care



 


nutritional 
              support 



 
 

nutrition



 
 
diet


 
 
supplements


 
 
assisted 
            feeding



 


final 
              decision 



 
 
definition 
            of euthanasia


 
 
procedure 
            of euthanasia


 
 
making 
            the decision


 
 
grieving 
            and support



 


books




 


links



 
 
veterinary 
            organizations


 
 
citation 
            databases


 
 
general 
            health care



 


support 
              groups



 
 
for 
            cats


 
 
for 
            dogs


 
angels 
            and friends


 
 


 
professional 
            site of phil & holly's mom 





holly's story (lymphoma) 
          


extra:
don's hyperthyroidism-crf-hypertension 
            diary



extra 2:
celeste's chronic bronchitis (or feline 
              asthma?) diary




contact phil and holly's 
              mom







web 
              sites of other cancer cats:



v's 
            story
            (diffuse liver cancer. she passed on march 7, 2005)


blossom and tommy
            (oral scc, mother and son)


hector's diary 
            (subcutaneous hemangiosarcoma on his leg; he's being treated alternatively)


cleo 
            (lymphoma on the head; going strong with holistic remedies!)


biz (squamous 
            cell carcinoma of the cheek and mouth)



friskie 
              (oral squamous cell carcinoma)




woodrow 
              (lymphoma)




gem 
              (oral squamous cell carcinoma)




snoop 
              and others
              (oral squamous cell carcinoma)



punkie louise
 (lymphoma)






new


 hurricane katrina and rita had not only shattered the lives of so many 
        people in the gulf coast region, but the devastation also affected thousands 
        and thousands of animals. please check these web sites for the ongoing 
        efforts to help animals affected by the hurricanes:
lakeview 
        cats roaming - this is one of the cats who were roaming the area in 
        new orleans, called lakeview. this cat greeted a volunteer feeder with 
        a friendly meow, but recently found deceased. most likely killed by a 
        stray dog (who also might have been someone's lap dog before...). it is 
        just one of so many heartbreaking stories still going on in new orleans 
        and other places in the gulf coast.
katrina creatures 
        & critters - a blog written by a person who lives in metairie 
        (suburb of new orleans). you need a box of kleenex...
animal emergency response 
        network - listings of lost/left and found animals affected by hurricanes 
        katrina, rita, and wilma.

animal rescue new orleans 
        - animal rescue new orleans (arno) is a grass roots organization founded 
        by jane garrison, pia salk and david meyer. it is now run by a local voluteers 
        in new orleans. the need still remains, and the job is not yet completed.
lost katrina pet from petfinder 
        - the lost pets of katrina; photos of missing gulf coast pets from petfinder.com 
        lost reports; the owners of these pets are believed to be still actively 
        looking.
stealth volunteers 
        (see also here) 
        - a group of dedicated and capable volunteers helping reunite the displaced 
        animals and their guardians.
no animal left 
        behind - working together to reunite the animal victims of katrina 
        with their owners. email address: noanimalleftbehind@gmail.com

lost katrina pets - katrina's 
        lost pets | help find these missing pets
more places to look for 
        missing katrina/rita pets 
flickr sites 
        by yepitsme770 - photos of lost/found katrina pets
flickr sites by 
        spiritsmom - photos of lost/found katrina pets
eric's dog blog - "this 
        blog provides vivid descriptions directly from the operations of various 
        animal rescue groups in new orleans, la and surrounding areas."
help for 
        katrina's forgotten victims - kinship circle
vermilion animal 
        aid (blog) - helping humans and their animals in vermilion parish
vermilion animal 
        aid - official web site of vermilion animal aid





welcome


welcome to feline cancer resources. this site is intented to be a gateway 
        or clearinghouse for the numerous information available on the internet 
        on cancer in cats. please use this site to explore various issues you 
        will face in the battle against cancer in your beloved cat. if 
        you are looking for information on a specific type of cancer, check "types 
        of cancer" section. there are several different 
        resources listed, so make sure you check all on the page.
if you are here because your cat was recently diagnosed with cancer, 
        or your cat is suspected to have cancer, i am so sorry. i know how devastating 
        it is and how scared you are right now. i felt the same way when my phil 
        was diagnosed with oral squamous 
        cell carcinoma and again my holly 
        was diagnosed with her lymphoma. 
        both phil and holly fought their cancer head on. although they both eventually 
        succumbed to the disease, their spirits were never defeated. this site 
        is their legacy. their fights were not in vain if this site can provide 
        even a little help to other cats and their owners who are fighting this 
        disease.
- phil and holly's mom


common signs of cancer


the signs of cancer in cats vary depending on the type of cancer. oral 
        cancer is suspected if a cat is drooling excessively, has difficulty 
        eating or swallowing, or is bleeding from the mouth. cats with lung 
        cancer will have rapid and labored breathing. cats with cancer 
        in the digestive system may vomit (sometimes projectile) and/or have 
        diarrhea, or they suddenly stop eating. bone cancer in limbs might cause 
        lameness and stiffness. any lumps and bumps (see peteducation.com's 
        descriptions of lumps and bumps) on any parts of the body are cause 
        of concern, especially if it is rapidly growing, is warm or painful, is 
        ulcerated or bleeding, is irregular in shape or is well attached to the 
        tissues under the skin. sores and wounds on ears and nose that don't heal 
        could be skin cancer. chronic 
        nasal discharge might indicate nasal cancer.
detecting any of these signs and acting quickly is the first weapon for 
        fighting cancer (or any other serious illnesses in our cats for that matter). 
        it is always better to be safe than to be sorry later. some cancer is 
        so aggressive that it might become too late when you finally take your 
        cat to the veterinarian. when in doubt, act immediately. take your cat 
        to the vet!
if your cat is getting older, it is a good idea to routinely examine 
        the body by stroking and petting and going over the entire body. such 
        regular grooming sessions will serve two purposes: detecting "anything 
        out of ordinary" as well as deepening the bond between you and your 
        cat. annual or biannual geriatric complete physical examination is also 
        very useful in catching geriatric illnesses early such as hyperthyroidism 
        and chronic renal failure as well as cancer.
here are some more guidelines on what to look for in detecting cancer 
        in your cat: 
the 
        10 warning signs of cancer - by dr. gerald s. post, animal 
        cancer foundation. 

 swollen lymph nodes
an enlarging or changing lump
 abdominal distension
 chronic weight loss
chronic vomiting or diarrhea
unexplained bleeding
 cough
lameness
straining to urinate
oral odor

ten common 
        signs of cancer in small animals
        (american veterinary medical association)

 abnormal swellings that persist or continue to grow
 sores that do not heal
 weight loss
 loss of appetitie
 bleeding or discharge from any body opening
 offensive odor
 difficulty eating or swallowing
 hesitation to exercise or loss of stamina
 persistent lameness or stiffness
 difficulty breathing, urinating, or defecating

petsvetsandyou, 
        inc.

 change of bowel or bladder habits: diarrhea or constipation, straining 
          to urinate or defecate, blood or mucous in the stool or urine.
 a sore that does not heal: some skin cancers don't appear as lumps, 
          but as raw, bleeding or scabby areas.
 unusual bleeding or discharge: bleeding from the mouth, ears, or 
          nose may signal a tumor inside.
 drooling or difficulty swallowing: very common with tumors in the 
          mouth or throat.
 changes in respiration: nagging cough, hoarseness, tiring easily, 
          rapid breathing or excessive panting, all are signs of heart and lung 
          disease.
 abdominal distension or filling: a mass in the abdominal cavity may 
          make your pet appear to be bloated or to have gained weight. this is 
          especially worrisome if your pet looks thin otherwise.
unexplained weight loss.
changes in behavior, temperament, activity level or habits.

all these signs can be symptoms of other diseases as well. call your 
        veterinary clinic right away if you notice any changes in your pet.
top 
        of page


get a diagnosis


if you suspect that your cat has cancer, the first thing you should do 
        is to get a definitive diagnosis. 
        it is not possible for a veterinarian to give you an accurate assessment 
        of you cat's cancer, or develop an appropriate treatment plan for him/her 
        without a definitive diagnosis. your veterinarian needs to know the type, 
        stage, and behavior of the cancer to start treating it properly.
once you get a definitive diagnosis, learn as much information about 
        the specific type of cancer 
        as possible. join the excellent support 
        groups available online. ask lots of questions to others who have 
        experiences with the type of cancer with which your cat was diagnosed. 
        read some of the very valuable resources listed below 
        that will help you sort through your initial turmoil and prepare for your 
        fight. 
don't take one doctor's opinion as the only option that you should pursue. 
        if need be, get a second, or a third, or even a fourth opinion. it is 
        highly recommended that you consult with a board 
        certified veterinary oncologist or internal 
        medicine specialist even if you are planning to treat your cat
holistically. knowing 
        exactly what is happening to your cat and what to expect is empowerment. 
        it will help you make appropriate decisions along the way.
don't be intimidated by all those difficult medical 
        terms. if you don't understand, ask for clarification until you 
        feel comfortable. write down any concerns 
        and questions on paper. take a pen and paper with you along with 
        the list of questions you jotted down to your visit to the veterinarian. 
        when you meet with the veterinarian, take a detailed note. it is very 
        likely that you will be overwhelmed by the information and won't be able 
        to remember most of what was discussed during the visit. 
request copies of the results of bloodtest, 
        pathology report, and any other important records of your cat's treatment. 
      
if you feel alone, don't despair. there are lots of people who understand 
        exactly how you feel; your anxiety, fear, anger, dread, sadness, and most 
        of all, your deep love for your furbaby. find the support 
        group that fits your situation and share your journey with others. 
        having other people who are walking the similar rocky road and who really 
        understand your struggles will make your journey more bearable. you are 
        not alone.
it is a devastating blow to hear that your cat has cancer. you might 
        be experiencing numbness, anger, confusion, and all the other whirlwind 
        of emotions. it feels like it is the end of the world. however, even though 
        you might not be able to "cure" cancer, you will be able to 
        "treat" it and make your cat's remaining days as comfortable 
        and dignified as possible. please use this site to explore various issues 
        you will encounter while you take care of your beloved furry friend.

top 
          of page



good place to start


understanding 
        cancer - national cancer institute. online tutorial that "discusses 
        and illustrates what cancer is, explains the link between genes and cancer, 
        and discusses what is known about the causes, detection and diagnosis 
        of the disease." information is for human cancer but the basic principles 
        apply to animal cancer.


01 introduction 
          02 what is cancer? 
          03 different kinds of cancers 
          04 naming cancers 
          05 loss of normal growth 
          06 example of normal growth 
          07 the beginning of cancerous growth 
          08 tumors (neoplasms) 
          09 invasion and metastasis 
          10 malignant versus benign tumors 
          11 why cancer is potentially dangerous 
          12 cancer detection and diagnosis 
          13 early cancer may not have any symptoms 
          14 pap test 
          15 mammograms 
          16 blood test 
          17 fecal occult blood test (fobt) 
          18 biopsy 
          19 microscopic apperance of cancer cells 
          20 hyperplasia 
          21 dysplasia 
          22 carcinoma in situ 
          23 tumor grading 
          24 tumor staging 
          25 what causes cancer? 
          26 populations - based studies 
          27 heredity? behaviors? other factors 
          28 tobacco use and cancer 
          29 low - strength radiation 
          30 high - strength radiation 
          31 lag time 
          32 viruses 
          33 examples of human cancer viruses 
          34 aids and kaposi's sarcoma 
          35 bacteria and stomach cancer 
          36 heredity and cancer 
          37 heredity can affect many types of cancer 
          38 genetic testing 
          39 cancer risk and aging 
          40 gene and cancer 
          41 dna structure 
          42 dna mutation 
          43 gene mutations and cancer 
          44 oncogenes 
          45 proto - oncogenes and normal cell growth 
          46 oncogenes are mutant forms of proto - oncogenes 
          47 oncogenes act like an accelerator 
          48 tumor suppressor genes 
          49 tumor suppressor genes act like a break pedal 
          50 the p53 tumor suppressor gene triggers cell suicide 
          51 dna repairs 
          52 cancer tends to involve multiple mutations 
          53 cancer prevention 
          54 avoiding tobacco 
          55 protect yourself against sunlight 
          56 limited alcohol and tobacco consumption 
          57 diet: limit fats and calories 
          58 diet: consume fruits and vegetables 
          59 avoid cancer viruses 
          60 avoid carcinogens at work and at home 
          61 industrial pollution 
          62 is there a cancer "epidemic"? 

 what you 
        neet to know about cancer - an overview - national cancer institute. 
        also human cancer information, but basically parallel to veterinary cancer.


table of contents:
          introduction
          what is cancer?
          possible causes and prevention of cancer
          screening and early detection 
          symptoms of cancer 
          diagnosis 
          laboratory tests 
          imaging 
          biopsy 
          staging 
          handling the diagnosis 
          treatment 
          getting a second opinion 
          preparing for treatment 
          methods of treatment and their side effects 
          nutrition during cancer treatment 
          pain control 
          rehabilitation 
          followup care 
          support for people with cancer 
          clinical trials 
          national cancer institute booklets 
          national cancer institute information resources 

cancer information 
        - national cancer institute. table of contents of cancer information. 
         

 types of cancer; treatment; prevention, genetics, causes; screening 
          and testing; coping with cancer; support and resources; cancer literature; 
          pdq 

caring for pets 
        with cancer - by dr. kevin hahn, d.v.m., ph.d., diplomate a.c.v.i.m. 
        (oncology) (& overall nice guy), gulf coast veterinary specialists. one 
        of the best resources that are available online. check all the links on 
        the left side column on the page, especially "rules 
        of treatment" and "patient 
        care tidbits."

- rules 
          of treatment
          - chemotherapy 
          tidbits
          - our best 
          protocols
          - tumor 
          tidbits
          - patient 
          care tidbits
          - pet loss support
          - reading 
          list
          - exam room 
          quotes
"tumor tidbits" - biweekly 
          e-newsletter by gulf coast veterinary specialists.

where 
        to begin? - animal cancer center, college of veterinary medicine, 
        colorado state university. they advocate "compassionate cancer 
        care." their pages are written with very caring tone.

"you can defeat the darkness of cancer with knowledge. the first 
          step is to work with your veterinary health care team to learn as much 
          about the disease and its treatment as possible. be proactive. ask questions 
          and obtain resources to educate yourself about cancer and cancer therapeutics. 
          tackling tough questions about cancer and cancer therapies can enhance 
          your ability to think clearly and make decisions."
"understand there are no incorrect decisions: do not worry about 
          what other people will think about your decisions. you know your pet 
          better than anyone else in the world. once you have gathered the information 
          you need, listen to your heart and you will make the right decisions."
 "a diagnosis of cancer often brings with it some overwhelming 
          emotions, including a sense of loss of control, and a sense of hopelessness. 
          when facing the diagnosis of cancer in a beloved pet, you may feel the 
          responsibility of making important life-changing decisions for someone 
          who relies totally on your judgment. your pet not only shares your home, 
          your life and your experiences, but also your heart. this loved one 
          depends on you to provide the best possible care. and extending a patient's 
          good quality of life is the best reason to treat cancer."

oncosite frequently 
        asked questions - an educational and resource site for animal 
        oncology. easy-to-understand explanation. texas a&m university college 
        of veterinary medicine. the questions answered include:

 - what are the effects of cancer on animals? 
          - what is the incidence of cancer in our pets? 
          - what do we know about the causes of cancer in our animals? 
          - can my dog's/cat's cancer be spread to me or my other pets? 
          - what treatments are available for animals with cancer? 
          - how is cancer diagnosed?
          - what are the side effects of radiation therapy?
          - what about chemotherapy?
          - what are the side effects of chemotherapeutic treatment?
          - how is chemotherapy given? 
          - what questions should i ask my veterinarian or veterinary oncologist 
          before my pet begins chemotherapy?
          - what is my pet's prognosis? 

guide to making 
        decisions about cancer therapy - eli lilly and company at oncolink, 
        university of pennsylvania cancer center. although this guide is written 
        for human cancer patients, it equally applies to animal cancer patients.
cancer faq 
        - animal cancer center, college of veterinary medicine, colorado state 
        university.
cancer is a treatable disease 
        - overview of cancer in animals, how it's diagnosed, what are the treatment 
        options, and brief description of common cancers. all care animal referral 
        center (fountain valley, ca).
  
cancer in 
        dogs and cats - washington state university college of veterinary 
        medicine
ask 
        the experts (cancer faq) - most recently answered questions. oncolink 
        vet, university of pennsylvania cancer center.


ask 
        the experts (cancer faq archive) - previously answered questions. 
        oncolink vet, university of pennsylvania cancer center. 
valley animal medical foundation 
        - cancer faqs.

top 
          of page



emotional support


anticipatory 
        grief complexes cancer management - by alice e. villalobos, dvm, 
        veterinary practice news article. 
"pre-loss bereavement" 
        and the power of bargaining - by moira anderson allen, m.ed., 
        pet loss support page
online support groups - list 
        of online support groups for cancer and other feline illnesses.

top 
          of page 




   







