















san juan county, wa | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














    your government      county services      community      how do i...  


 












search







 
 
 



 










   





 
 













 
 
 





 

















2025 comprehensive plan update
the comp plan update is a vital process that shapes the future of the islands. your input is essential, and there are several ways to participate!









tax season is around the corner
all real and personal property taxes and assessments are due on or before april 30, 2025. click here to find online payment information.








welcome to san juan county








inclement weather
public works is responsible for snow removal on over 270 miles of roads across several islands. view the priority snow route maps here.








welcome to san juan county, wa






















  
 
 




 














stay informednews & upcoming events
 






  
 



  
 














sign up now










 
 
 

 














county meetings








key projects










 
 














property search








county portal










 
 














permits








public records










 
 
 



























 














latest news
 






  
 
 















2025 comp plan elements for review: housing, capital facilities, utilities, and economic development 


public comments specific to these elements can be submitted by february 20 for review at the planning commission meeting on february 21.						read on...







cultivating connections: register for the 2025 san juan islands agricultural summit 


this is a unique opportunity to connect with farmers, food producers, and community members dedicated to fostering a thriving local food system.						read on...







treasurer announces 2025 tax roll completion 


the 2025 tax statements are anticipated to begin arriving in mailboxes by mid-february.						read on...







san juan county is prepared for inclement weather – and you should be, too 


public works department provides snow removal tips for residents and reminders 
of street priorities and phases of removal.						read on...







scj monthly news digest - january 2025 


a roundup of recent news: county publishes the 'year-in-review,' new vessel regulations for killer whales, a look at county buildings and facilities, the five-year homeless plan, and more.						read on...







san juan county sheriff’s office statement on immigration issues 


san juan county sheriff’s office reaffirms its commitment to public safety and adherence to rcw 10.93.160 immigration and citizenship status—law enforcement agency restrictions.						read on...







permit review times, long-range planning, & recruitments: dcd leadership provides winter update 


during the 2025 council retreat, dcd leadership provided an update in four main areas: recruitment of open positions, status of third-party reviews, review of permit timelines, and the status of large projects.						read on...







council sets public hearing for agricultural leases on conservation land bank properties 


the land bank has selected prospective lessees for the beaverton marsh and frazer homestead preserves on san juan island who will help steward the agricultural lands into the future, building a more resilient local food system.						read on...







kick off the new year with a new role - multiple county advisory board & committee seats open 


key positions on the ferry advisory committee, lodging tax advisory committee, and other boards are open.						read on...







purchasing, selling, and renovating – what’s next for county buildings and facilities? 


a review of significant updates from 2024, anticipated projects for 2025, and future planning efforts.						read on...







connect to birds, to nature, and with each other this february! 


participate in the great backyard bird count in your own backyard or join one of our guided bird walks on a land bank preserve!						read on...







san juan county health & community services begins update of its five-year homeless plan 


a new taskforce will update the five-year homeless plan for 2025-2030.						read on...







conservation land bank offers free surplus firewood by lottery 


approximately eight half-cords available for san juan county residents.						read on...







free painting sessions on land bank preserves are back! 


get creative on san juan island’s westside with alchemy art center!						read on...







community meeting recap: bayhead creek culvert repair project on killebrew lake rd on orcas island 


the county is advancing plans to satisfy state requirements and install a 12-foot-wide box culvert specially designed to withstand severe storms and debris flow, improve fish passage in bayhead creek, and serve future generations.						read on...







sheriff's office announces successful extradition of suspect for residential burglary charges 


on january 12, 2025, san juan county sheriff’s office sergeant and detective traveled to arizona, where they took custody of the suspect on january 14, 2025, and transported him back to san juan county to face charges.						read on...







council reviews major initiatives and priorities for 2025 at two-day retreat 


the county council elected a new chair and vice chair, reviewed significant projects from 2024, and began setting priorities for the upcoming year.						read on...







reflecting on wildfire risk in the islands in the wake of the devastating southern california fires 


as we witness from afar the magnitude of the loss, the relentless winds, and the extreme fire behavior, it prompts us to revisit our community’s vulnerability to fire and what we can do to prepare.						read on...







attention san juan county businesses: sales tax increase effective april 1, 2025 


a 1/10th of 1% sales tax will be enacted on april 1, 2025, to support a new cultural access program in san juan county.						read on...







deadline extended for vacation rental compliance certification process 


the deadline for filing the 2024 vacation rental (vr) certificate of compliance is now january 31, 2025. certificate of compliance applications are accepted through the online permit center, through the mail, or in-person.						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 













view all news








newsroom










 
 
 



 














county resources
 






  
 
 





 meetings
 events
 connect
 find
 pay
 apply
 request




 meetings





•	




 events










february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18  

island rec pickleball 101 (february)

island rec pickleball 101 (february)read on...


wed, feb. 19  

private event 

private event read on...


wed, feb. 19  

island rec pickleball (level 3.0+)

island rec pickleball (level 3.0+)read on...






wed, feb. 19  

island rec youth roller hockey

island rec youth roller hockeyread on...


wed, feb. 19  

island rec adult roller hockey

island rec adult roller hockeyread on...


thu, feb. 20  

island rec pickleball (level 2.0-3.5) 

island rec pickleball (level 2.0-3.5) read on...









/calendar.aspx





 connect














sign up for news flashes



sign up for san juan county emergency alerts



sign up for county newsletters







visit the 'engage san juan county' platform



visit the county's newsroom



volunteer on a board or committee







view employment opportunities at the county



learn about the county's 32-hour work week initiative 



read about the county's washington state ferry advocacy efforts









/quicklinks.aspx





 find














council agendas, minutes or videos



county code



list of committees, commissions, and boards



jury duty information







recorded documents



senior services



septic permits & inspection records



tax statements







transportation assistance



victim resources



dental clinics



vaccine clinics









/quicklinks.aspx





 pay














auto-pay tax payments



pay court fines and fees







pay permit fees



pay taxes online







pay real and personal property taxes



pay for your campsite









/quicklinks.aspx





 apply














apply for burn permits



apply for public works permits



apply for community development permits







apply for food service permits



apply for vacation rental permits



apply for licenses (drivers, marriage, vehicle, vessel, dog, etc.)







apply for the drinking water program



apply for the public facilities financing assistance program (pffap)



apply for lodging tax grant (ltac) funding









/quicklinks.aspx





 request














building inspection



code investigation (pdf)







fire inspection



street/situs address change







public records









/quicklinks.aspx







 
 
 



 














popular links
 






  
 
 














council agendas, minutes or videos



employment 



camping







affordable housing 



health & community services



senior services







environmental stewardship programs



county budget



jury duty information









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 









 
 
 








 
 
 




 















 






  
 









   





 
 



  
 







contact us







health: 360-378-4474


human resources: 360-378-3450


parks and fair: 360-378-8420


planning/permits: 360-378-2354


public works: 360-370-0500


sheriff's office: 360-378-4151


treasurer: 360-378-2171
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







county home page



accessibility



ada reasonable accommodation



copyright notices



disclaimer



privacy



site map



contact us









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







faqs







where do i pay my taxes online?



where do i submit a public records request?



where do i apply for a burn permit? 



where do i view the council agenda? 



where do i view the county budget? 



where do i sign up for county news flashes?



how do i contact county staff?









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 













loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close























    







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









