


bewitched and elizabeth montgomery web site


















welcome to the bewitched and elizabeth montgomery web site!
~ online since since 1996 ~
















lu ryden interviews elizabeth montgomery on kntv (september 7, 1967)


lu ryden interviews agnes moorhead (september 4, 1967)







































welcome to the original, biggest, best and most complete bewitched and elizabeth montgomery web site on the net. yes, this is the bewitching town of westport, connecticut circa 1964!  here is a safe haven where all are welcome.  sam and darrin extend an open invitation for you to visit as often as you like!  here we celebrate the enchanting tv series, and especially the life and career of its beloved star, elizabeth montgomery.  we have lots of information on supporting cast members such as agnes moorehead, erin murphy, dick york and dick sargent as well.


we are always happy to help new bewitched sites if they ask us first.  we love to hear from all the other bewitched sites who continue to be innovators in their work and we will always help you as long as you don't lift stuff from us without asking first :-) let us know what you are up to so we can see what unique things you have created too!



~ over 100 million visitors! ~













ever wonder who "pandora spocks" was? see her here
dec. 14, 2016: we lost the final adult main cast member from bewitched today.  bernard fox left his earthly duties on december 14, 2016 at the age of 89 due to heart failure in van nuys, ca.  he was a great friend to us and our site and he will be missed by all of his family, friends and fans.  condolences to his wife jacquie and their daughter and grandchildren on their sad loss.

 check out the really cute bewitched  living room dollhouse furniture here.









mark wood with eddie lucas released their book "bewitched & beyond:  the fan who came to dinner" which chronicles our friend mark's life and adventures with kasey rogers (louise tate) through the years.  it can be purchased as a paperback or downloaded wirelessly from amazon.



july 2012: sad news.  i received a call from meredith asher telling me that her dear bill passed away today at the age of 90.  he and meredith had just celebrated their 16th wedding anniversary on june 16.  bill would have been 91.  what a legacy he has left behind for all of us!  his greatness (and his amazing smile) will never be forgotten!  watch a 9-part interview with william asher here.

check out the interview we did with william asher here.
see some of our own pictures of william asher over the years here.

cast member birth/death dates are here
original detailed columbia episode guides are here
  see some updated information and pictures on dick york's artwork here!


dick york's rockford michigan home under demolition june 22, 2011.

see another model of 1164 morning glory circle here.
april 17, 2011 - sad news.  bewitched creator sol saks passed away.  he was 100 years old.  read an interview done by bill freiberger here

 see a most amazing hand-made model of 1164 morning glory circle!
see some of dick york's personal items that a fan purchased plus see information on dick york's former los angeles home here!

take a stroll through sam & darrin's neighborhood! 

billy asher, his wife and daughter visit salem, massachusetts here.
see two exceedingly rare photos of liz's dressing room and the bewitched set after it burned here.

elizabeth montgomery received her star posthumously on the hollywood walk of fame, january 4, 2008 surrounded by friends, family and fans - and we were there.  we also attended the reception afterwards where close family, friends and former cast members mingled while different elizabeth montgomery tv and movie appearances were screened.  it was a rainy day, but a good time was had by all!  click here for the full story.

click the dvd icons to buy bewitched on dvd as a way of supporting this site!
























we lost another bewitched cast member.  alice ghostley (esmerelda) faded out of this life on sept. 21, 2007.  she had a long battle with cancer and had had a series of strokes.  she was 81.

 in memory of kasey rogers "louise tate" 1925-2006 click for our eulogy
buy the bewitched movie on dvd, starring nicole kidman and will ferrell.


there is a new biography on agnes moorehead entitled "i love the illusion" which is available through our site - check it out in the bewitched store!

order dick york's autobiography, the seesaw girl and me: a memoir by clicking on the ad box at the top of this page that says "dick york's amazing life" or by clicking the image below.




see pictures of the new samantha statue, erected june 15, 2005 in lappin park - salem, mass. here. 
visit the new elizabeth montgomery family genealogy tree!

hear a song a devoted fan wrote about samantha. get our exclusive winamp skin too!



 photos - click each icon for the surprise photo underneath













take a walk through the real 1164 morning glory circle with us here.

see colorized video clips of the black and white years in the bewitched tv den here.
 tv  best - april 1956 "liz montgomery - talent scout" 
see the first mattel bewitched doll here.



look at some bewitched/montgomery memorabilia. (watch for new additions!)
see what's playing at the montgomery movie theater! 
learn all about the bewitched theme music. also hear original sponsor openings, the theme in japanese, and many other rare recordings!

scenes from the elizabeth montgomery  estate sale
come play in pandora's box (if you are java enabled)

read all about bewitched "spinoffs" done over the years, including the 1977 show "tabitha".

what ever happened to tabitha's little brother adam? find out the real family secret   here.
 sound clips, montgomery interviews and the bewitched jukebox!  check in for new sounds periodically.








learn all about the many faces of tabitha here.

see our awards and reviews    people like us!


hear the radio interview i was asked to do may 6, 1999 here.

check out the bewitched bookshelf here
with the stars:  see our web site's scrapbook
recently found bewitched proof sheets from the abc archives (check in for more coming from my dusty pile!)
see stills from elizabeth montgomery's many film and tv appearances. (photos rotated regularly)
check our "bewitched around the world" page to hear and see bewitched in different languages.

learn about the famous heart necklace  elizabeth wore and find info about "the painting" here

silly slide show this fun feature will flash a series of 12 unusual pictures of elizabeth, 12k each.  on a slower computer, it will play at its intended speed after you've seen one rotation of all 12.  click on the "back to the bewitched/elizabeth montgomery page" link to stop the show.
check out our bewitched "pie movie page"! 






episode guides and many more pages - choose here!
01. search bewitched episode guides
02. see original episode filming dates
03. cast interviews our site has done
04. dick york's own page
05. chat transcript - dr. bombay & louise tate 
06. montgomery fashion show & auction
07. our place for agnes moorehead
08. read some bewitched scripts
09. cast member birth/death dates
10. bewitched book & video store
11. download a bewitched desktop theme
12. kasey rogers on "bewitched again"
13. william asher today
14. elizabeth's children today
15. bewitched emmy & broadcast history
16. cast biographies
17. screen gems series synopsis
18. see a full list of liz's tv/movie appearances
19.  read about elizabeth montgomery's stand-in

 







who we are



 talk to us! 
 


like this site?  then why not automatically send it to a friend here. 





 

be sure to check in regularly for the latest photos, sounds and articles from our vast archive.  special thanks to our friends william asher, kasey rogers, mark wood, steven colbert, and scott awley who unselfishly contributed some of their wonderful photos/artwork to our site - you guys are the best!!





bewitched and all related marks, logos, program titles, photos, characters, names & sounds are trademarks of sony pictures entertainment company and/or columbia pictures television.





over 12 million visitors since april 15th, 1996




  
















