









panther primitives - the best historical tents - historical reproduction
tents












 


 




* going out of business sale happening now! * period men’s, women’s and children’s clothing, hats, shoes, moccasins, and stove pipe pieces now selling at a major discount off original retail prices. many more odds and ends for sale coming soon.give us a call at (800) 487-2684 or email info@pantherprimitives.com for a listing of what is available and discounted prices.  if you are looking for a specific item, let us know.  we’re happy to check availability for you!* all sales final * 


  48 years ago panther primitives made their first tents. i was the 14 year old indentured servant, pushing canvas around for my mother betty baird. by 1983 i had taken over full time, and my wife theresa joined on. together, we built it into a successful business with thousands of happy customers. we raised our children and then grandchildren in the living history lifestyle, and made countless lifetime friends along the way.
we lost betty baird last year, and i lost theresa this past spring. i have decided that it's time to bring the panther story to a close and spend my time spoiling my grandchildren.
therefore, i am giving notice that panther primitives will cease taking tent orders on feb. 1st, 2024.
up until that time we will take tent orders on a first come first served basis. i expect the order queue to fill up quickly, and i expect we will begin running out of certain types of canvas well before feb. 1st, so order soon to ensure that you get on the schedule. all orders should be finished up and shipped by late spring. 
please share this post with any living history groups that you're in so that the word gets out, and thank you for all the great years we've had camping together! 
-sam darby 

  welcome to panther primitives inc. 
we
  bring the past to life by supplying historical reproduction tents and
  supplies for historical re-enactors and collectors. our dedication to quality
  and customer service has made panther the world's largest manufacturer of
  historical tentage.
order a print
  version of our catalog #27 or download a digital version of our catalog (adobe acrobat
  pdf - 9.4 mb). 
   
notice: because of rising canvas prices and the increased cost of everything that goes into making our canvas products we must raise our prices. effective immediately the prices of our tents and all related items will increase by 20%. this includes all canvas items, stakes, rope, and set up packages. 



  | about us | what's new | our products | order catalog |
  | web links | web sale | in memory of darren | faq | contact us | 
copyright © 1999-2024 panther
  primitives. all rights reserved.
  web site by blue cat
  design. web maintenance
  by logical operators, inc.




 



