







town of oyster bay – town of oyster bay































































  
home
news
departments

community and youth services 
environmental resources 
executive 
general services 
highway 
human resources 
inspector general 
intergovernmental affairs 
parks 
planning and development 
public safety 
public works 
receiver of taxes 
sanitation 
town attorney 
town board 
town clerk 
town comptroller 


elected officials

supervisor saladino 
councilman imbroto 
councilman hand 
councilman labriola 
councilwoman maier 
councilwoman walsh 
councilman monteleone 
town clerk lamarca 
rec. of taxes pravato 


resources

animal shelter 
applications, permits, licenses & forms 
brochures & booklets 
boards and calendars 
codes 
community resources 
directions to town facilities 
doing business with the town (rfp’s, bids) 
emergency notifications 
emergency operations center 
financial records 
foil (freedom of information law) 
job search- workforce partnership 
places to go – things to do 
registration portal 
town history 
town of oyster bay housing authority 
town board live streaming 


contact us

addresses/phone guide 


























 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




















click here for important town updates and notifications














town services at a glance

find a town service by clicking one of the related categories below




public works



parks



community services



building



oyster bay today









highway 





animal shelter 





sanitation 





s.o.r.t. 










ice skating rink 





town parks 





beaches 





recreation & activities 





golf tee-time reservations 





summer recreation program 










veteran services 





senior citizens 





handicapped services 





cultural & performing arts 










building division 





code enforcement 





zoning board of appeals 





board of electricians 





plumbers examining board 










oyster bay today 



















a message from town supervisor

joseph saladino

















thank you for visiting the town of oyster bay’s website. it contains a tremendous amount of information about town government and the many programs and services available for town residents. this website has detailed information about every department in the town and includes important telephone numbers for oyster bay town government offices. in addition, this website also live streams every town board meeting so that every town resident can see their government in action. it also contains detailed information about upcoming hearings, legal notices and the entire town code. i hope you enjoy navigating our website and find it to be comprehensive, accessible and informative.














latest news

see what’s happening in our town





read moreandrew monteleone appointed to oyster bay town board
the town of oyster bay proudly announces the appointment of andrew monteleone to the oyster bay town board on february 11, 2025, filling a vacancy...

february 14, 2025february 14, 2025read more 





read moregame on! town to host its first-ever pickleball tournament this spring
calling all pickleball enthusiasts! councilman steve labriola announces that the town of oyster bay is bringing the heat this spring...

february 14, 2025february 14, 2025read more 





read moresaladino announces free boating safety seminars for residents
– oyster bay town supervisor joseph saladino and the town board are encouraging residents to take advantage of free boating...

february 11, 2025february 11, 2025read more 





read moretown and nassau spca issue coyote safety and behavior tips after recent sightings
with recent coyote sightings in lattingtown and other north shore communities this week, oyster bay town supervisor joseph saladino, councilwoman...

february 6, 2025february 6, 2025read more 





read morelocal artists invited to showcase work at ‘art in the park’
oyster bay town councilman tom hand is inviting local artists and artisans to participate in a special day of creativity...

february 6, 2025february 6, 2025read more 





read moretown announces public skating sessions for school winter break week
town of oyster bay town supervisor joseph saladino and councilman lou imbroto announce that families looking for recreational fun during...

february 5, 2025february 5, 2025read more 





read moremajor sand project underway at tobay beach to restore shoreline
oyster bay town supervisor joseph saladino, councilman lou imbroto, councilwoman vicki walsh and receiver of taxes jeffrey pravato recently met...

february 4, 2025february 4, 2025read more 





read moretown clerk lamarca announces special one-stop passport weekend
to help residents looking to obtain new passports, oyster bay town clerk richard lamarca announced that his office will offer...

february 3, 2025february 3, 2025read more 





read moretown to celebrate black history month
pictured is david carll, who served as a private in the civil war, and then settled in oyster bay.  ...

february 3, 2025february 3, 2025read more 




















0

square miles







0

year of foundation







0

population







0

villages & hamlets
















popular resources

areas of interest to town residents
















applications, permits, licenses & forms
brochures & booklets
boards and calendars
board of ethics
car show li
codes
community resources
directions to town facilities








district notices
doing business with the town (rfp’s, bids)
emergency operations center
financial records
foil (freedom of information law)
former sears property redevelopment
hicksville downtown revitalization initiative








job search – workforce partnership
parks portal sign-in
parks registration portal
places to go – things to do
report abandoned property
safe center li
solid waste management plan








smart911 emergency notification
town history
town of oyster bay housing authority
town board live streaming
town board minutes
view and pay your property tax online




















sign up for email updates!


click here to sign up.






follow on facebook!


click here to visit our facebook page.






contact us


click here to send us a message.






























next town board meeting:
tuesday, february 25, 2025
10:00 am est
town hall north
54 audrey ave, oyster bay, ny 11771
for a complete list of meeting dates, click here.






















privacy policy-disclaimer / town of oyster bay © 2025 / all rights reserved		






































