








arizona law: advice, assistance & alacrity




































 




















skip to content








(928) 445-3230 | 1027 fair street, suite a, prescott, az 86305 

facebookxlinkedinyoutube 










 homeabout the firmadvicearizona legal informationfind on sitepaymentscontact 











loading...







welcome to goodmanlaw 



advice, assistance, alacrity 


contact us

















homeglfadmin2024-11-03t13:46:52-07:00 
prescott, arizona law firm
to obtain legal advice, click here to go to the legal advice page.
goodman law
goodmanlaw in prescott, arizona has been helping people with legal matters including ancillary probate, boundary disputes, easements, estate planning, judgment collection, quiet title, quitclaim deeds, trusts, wills, and wrongful death. arizona probate. prescott probate. need a last will & testament? want your wishes known and respected? we may be able to help: call (928) 445-3230.    to obtain legal advice, click here to go to the legal advice page.  find us here: goodmanlaw
about the firmlocated in the city of prescott, arizona. we serve clients with legal matters in central and northern arizona, usa
learn morearizona legal informationview information about specific arizona legal topics
learn morepaymentsquick and easy payments online. before you pay, make sure you are paying the right law firm!
paymentslet’s work togethergoodman law firm
1027 fair street, suite a
prescott, arizona 86305
voice: (928) 445-3230
contact usdisclaimer: the act of visiting or communicating with goodman law firm via this website email, fax, or u.s. mail does not establish an attorney-client relationship. information submitted to us before we have agreed in writing to undertake representation is not confidential, not subject to attorney-client privilege, and will not preclude this law firm from representing a different client in the same legal matter. we do not represent you until we agree to represent you and you sign a fee agreement. please do not send us any confidential information about your case until we have agreed to representation.




 
 







 
 
 





		© copyright 1994 -    |   goodman law firm   |   all rights reserved   |   design by lofgren it consulting llc 


facebookxlinkedinyoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


































































































go to top




