


fatfree vegan recipes































































home
recipe index
susan’s blog
faqs
facebook
moonwatcher’s blog



site infoabout
links
recipe box
substitutes
categories 
announcements

appetizers

beans and legumes

beverages

blog recipe of the week

breads

breakfasts

condiments

cooking tips

crockpot

desserts & sweets

dressings

eat to live

featured recipes

fruit

holiday

main dishes

meat substitutes

pasta

pressure cooker

raw

recipes with photos

rice and grains

salads

sandwiches and spreads

sauces & seasonings

snacks

soups and stews

soy

substitutes

uncategorized

vegetables


 
 

tagscasseroles
eat to live
gluten-free
higher-fat
holiday
mcdougall
quick & easy
sugar free
support this sitewhenever you start your amazon shopping  through this link, ffv earns a small commission at no additional cost to you. thank you for your support! 



featured recipes



can’t find what you’re looking for?

click here.





instant pot hawaiian baked beans

these hawaiian baked beans are sweetened with pineapple, maple syrup, and dates for a delicious vegan side dish that is low in sugar and ketchup-free.





find more recipes on our blog

visit fatfree vegan kitchen for hundreds of hand-tested recipes from susan voisin's kitchen.





simple instant pot black bean soup

find this easy soup on the fatfree vegan kitchen blog





metch – oil free armenian style bulgur salad

this bulgur recipe is flexible since you can modify the ingredients and their measurements to suit your taste.






















featured recipes





recent recipes


 

can’t find what you’re looking for?


check the blog recipe index.







 

instant pot hawaiian baked beans


these hawaiian baked beans are sweetened with pineapple, maple syrup, and dates for a delicious vegan side dish that is low in sugar and ketchup-free.







 

find more recipes on our blog


visit fatfree vegan kitchen for hundreds of hand-tested recipes from susan voisin’s kitchen.







 

simple instant pot black bean soup


find this easy soup on the blog: simple instant pot black bean soup







 

metch – oil free armenian style bulgur salad


this bulgur recipe is flexible since you can modify the ingredients and their measurements to suit your taste.







 

southern grits and greens casserole


inspired by a sassy southern romance novel, this casserole is sinfully good, yet deliciously healthy.







 

healthy chocolate frosting (soy free)


you’ll never guess the secret ingredient in this creamy, dreamy chocolate frosting!







 

homemade unsweetened soy yogurt


the options out in the world for plain, unsweetened soy yogurt are slim. and if you can find it, it’s usually pretty expensive. luckily it’s easy to make at home. 







 

vegan “tuna” salad


this vegan tuna salad is one of our go to meals when we are feeling super hungry but don’t want to cook. 







 

no-oil oil


use this simple recipe in place of oil in salad dressings.







 

mac and cheeze stuffed acorn squash


this vegan mac & cheeze is incredible – it is creamy, smoky, and delicious.  no nuts in this recipe, and all of its deliciousness is derived from plant power! the baked acorn squash bowl makes this a complete meal and a fun presentation!







 

mom’s creamy cauliflower soup


besides being insanely tasty, this soup is incredibly easy to make. it’s also super healthy since with no added oil it’s extremely low in fat. 







 

oat-chata from oatrageous oatmeals


horchata is a traditional mexican beverage made with homemade rice milk, cinnamon and sweeteners. i’ve taken liberties with it here by adding in oats and almonds. it’s amazing served over ice.







 

banana muffins with peanut butter glaze


for your consideration is my banana muffins with peanut butter glaze recipe – a delicious low fat 100 calorie treat.–scott







 

mom’s magical vegan blueberry pancakes


my mom has been cooking low fat vegan for years, and she’s an amazing cook. this is one of her signature creations. 







« older entries










subscribe

















 
  my recipe box: save your favorite recipes to your personalized recipe box.
 




susan’s blog 
maria’s blog 






recent commentsjim froelich on fat-free oatmeal cookiesanne on aloo saag (indian creamed spinach & potatoes)alicia c castleman on fatfree pancakes or wafflesjeffrey lemkin on pestosandy smith on minestrone soupsusan voisin on slow cooker vanilla fig oatmeal topped with baklava fillingleeanne on slow cooker vanilla fig oatmeal topped with baklava fillingvalerie on bryanna’s homemade vegan chicken-style broth powderlisa on spaghetti squash pesto lasagnasusan voisin on substitutes 










important info 
about
fatfree faqs
links
privacy policy
recipe box
recipe index
recipe submission
search results
substitutes

links

fatfree vegan kitchen blog
fatfree vegan recipes old site
fatfree vegan yahoogroup
ffv on facebook


 recent recipes 

can’t find what you’re looking for?


instant pot hawaiian baked beans


find more recipes on our blog


simple instant pot black bean soup


metch – oil free armenian style bulgur salad


meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 



© 2025 fatfree vegan recipes | privacy policy 










 




































