world edition - the atlanticskip to contentsite navigationthe atlanticpopularlatestnewsletterssectionspoliticsideasfictiontechnologysciencephotobusinesscultureplanetglobalbooksaudiohealtheducationprojectsfeaturesfamilyeventswashington weekprogressnewslettersexplore the atlantic archiveplay the atlantic crosswordlisten to podcasts and articlesthe print editionlatest issuepast issuesgive a giftsearch the atlanticquick linksaudiocrossword puzzlemagazine archiveyour subscriptionpopularlatestnewsletterssign insubscriberon galella / gettyexclusivegrowing up murdochjames murdoch on mind games, sibling rivalry, and the war for the family media empiremckay coppinshow covid pushed a generation of young people to the rightderek thompsonaudiojanuary 6 still happenedquinta jurecicaudiothe dark history behind public educationjerusalem demsasaudiofrozen food’s new wavemeghan mccarronaudiojacquelyn martin / ap‘not my president’s day’: thousands gather in protest against trumpalan taylorillustration by kimberly elliottwant to change your personality? have a baby.olga khazanaudioelise swain / gettythe new globalismhow maga is reimagining foreign policyatossa araxia abrahamianillustration by the atlantic. sources: getty.the opposition is already growingtrump is getting substantial pushback, both from the courts and from other pockets of civic life.quinta jurecicaudionbcsaturday night live played the wrong greatest-hits reelthe sketch show’s much-hyped anniversary prime-time special suffered from a case of recency bias.esther zuckermanaudioillustration by anna morrison. source: archivio gbb / alamy.when robert frost was badbefore he became america’s most famous poet, he wrote some real howlers.james parkeraudioillustration by ben hickeythere’s a term for what trump and musk are doinghow regime change happens in americaanne applebaumaudioillustration by the atlantic. source: gettythe coming democratic baby bustbirth rates on the left fell in the last trump presidency. it seems likely to happen again.kristen v. brownaudioillustration by katie martinhow the woke right replaced the woke leftthe hypocrisy of trump’s language warsthomas chatterton williamsillustration by the atlantic. source: jim watson / afp / getty.the death of government expertisewhy trump and musk are on a firing spreetom nicholsaudiothe erasing of american sciencehow far can the trump administration bend u.s. research before it breaks?katherine j. wuaudioillustration by the atlantic. sources: irving haberman / ih images / getty; comicsans / gettywhy isn’t congress doing anything?russell bermanaudiothe rich tourists who want more, and more, and morehannah giorgisaudioa proven way to ease l.a.’s housing crisisgrimes, m. nolan gray,  and nicole nabulsi nosekaudiorecommended for youthe scariest part of a relationshipfor partners to make it “official,” they have to survive the period between acquaintanceship and closeness. but that’s when people tend to be especially bad at communicating. (from 2023)faith hillbrook pifer / gallery stockhow progressives froze the american dreamthe u.s. was once the world’s most geographically mobile society. now we’re stuck in place—and that’s a very big problem.yoni appelbaumjavier jaénarchivedeath constant beyond lovea short story (from 1973)gabriel garcía márquezanna pogossova / gallery stocknot being there“television is poised to absorb and emasculate the movies, all in the name of home entertainment.” (from 1980)roger ebertlynn goldsmith / gettymagazinepast issuesenjoy unlimited access to all of the atlantic’s journalism, in the print edition and online.subscribepodcastssee allillustration by the atlantic. source: emily shur.radio atlantic•episode 112the strange, lonely childhood of neko casein a new memoir, the singer-songwriter peels back the mystery of her life—and her lyrics.hanna rosinillustration by the atlantic. source: fpg / getty.good on paper•episode 38the dark history behind public educationschools weren’t meant to set you free, one political scientist argues.jerusalem demsasillustration by the atlantic. source: debrocke / classicstock / getty.the best of "how to"•episode 6best of how to: make small talkhow do we overcome the awkwardness that keeps us from starting a conversation?the atlantic podcast teamlimited serieswe live here nowwe found out that our new neighbors were supporting january 6 insurrectionists. we knocked on their door. a podcast series about what happened next.lauren ober and hanna rosinlimited seriesautocracy in americathere are authoritarian tactics already at work in the united states. to root them out, you have to know where to look.anne applebaum and peter pomerantsevlatestsee all‘not my president’s day’: thousands gather in protest against trumpalan taylor1:09 pm etfrozen food’s new wavemeghan mccarron9:00 am etthe new globalismatossa araxia abrahamian8:00 am etjanuary 6 still happenedquinta jurecic8:00 am ethow covid pushed a generation of young people to the rightderek thompson7:00 am etwhen robert frost was badjames parker7:00 am etwant to change your personality? have a baby.olga khazan7:00 am et‘there is no one-size-fits-all approach to reading instruction’7:00 am etthe dark history behind public educationjerusalem demsas6:00 am etdomesticrachel richardsonfebruary 17, 2025seven great readsisabel fattalfebruary 17, 2025saturday night live played the wrong greatest-hits reelesther zuckermanfebruary 17, 2025how the woke right replaced the woke leftthomas chatterton williamsfebruary 17, 2025the coming democratic baby bustkristen v. brownfebruary 17, 2025the death of government expertisetom nicholsfebruary 17, 2025a proven way to ease l.a.’s housing crisisgrimes, m. nolan gray,  and nicole nabulsi nosekfebruary 16, 2025five tv shows that the critics were wrong aboutstephanie baifebruary 16, 2025how progressives broke the governmentmarc j. dunkelmanfebruary 16, 2025do it for gildaadrienne lafrancefebruary 15, 2025trump’s loyaltiesthe editorsfebruary 15, 2025popularsee allhow progressives froze the american dreamyoni appelbaumgrowing up murdochmckay coppinsthere’s a term for what trump and musk are doinganne applebaumhow covid pushed a generation of young people to the rightderek thompsonwant to change your personality? have a baby.olga khazanthe dark history behind public educationjerusalem demsas‘not my president’s day’: thousands gather in protest against trumpalan taylorcapitulation is contagiousadrienne lafrancehow hitler dismantled a democracy in 53 daystimothy w. rybackeurope’s elon musk problemanne applebaumscroll →newsletterssee allthe atlantic dailyget our editors’ guide to what matters in the world, delivered to your inbox every weekday and sunday mornings.email addresssign upyour newsletter subscriptions are subject to the atlantic's privacy policy and terms and conditions.crosswordplay the crossword that gets more challenging every weekday.play crosswordaudiolisten to award-winning podcasts and audio versions of our stories.listen