























keim | home, building, and woodworking | lumber and custom millwork




































skip to main content







































            announcements
            





                      president's day appliance sale- tuesday, february 18 - wednesday, february 26
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      new winter hours: monday - friday 7am to 4:30pm & saturday 7:30am to 12pm
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      experience great selection and prices on appliances at keim home center and keim mt. hope hardware. we service what we sell.
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      learn more about the molding, doors, stairs, and custom millwork we manufacture in charm, oh. experience all that keim millwork has to offer at our website keimmillwork.com
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      save the date: exterior doors & windows sale - march 3 - 8, 2025
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      save the date: kitchen sale - march 3 - 8, 2025
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      take a virtual tour of the woodshed!
                    

                                              view now
                                             



                      join our mailing list to receive timely updates on sales, events, and other promotions.
                    

                                              join now
                                             



                      keim visualizer: see exterior product selections on your building project.
                    

                                              visualize it
                                             



                      explore trex decking through our virtual display
                    

                                              view display
                                             



                      keim offers appliance sales & service. browse our selection of appliances today!
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      shop specialty woods online today!
                    

                                              shop now
                                             



                      retail customers may now earn 2.5% back on qualifying purchases through keim loyalty rewards. learn more and sign up today!
                    

                                              learn more
                                             



                      have you met keim's mascot, sprout? 
                    

                                              learn more
                                             







            announcements
            




president's day appliance sale- tuesday, february 18 - wednesday, february 26  | 


new winter hours: monday - friday 7am to 4:30pm & saturday 7:30am to 12pm  | 


experience great selection and prices on appliances at keim home center and keim mt. hope hardware. we service what we sell.  | 


learn more about the molding, doors, stairs, and custom millwork we manufacture in charm, oh. experience all that keim millwork has to offer at our website keimmillwork.com  | 


save the date: exterior doors & windows sale - march 3 - 8, 2025  | 


save the date: kitchen sale - march 3 - 8, 2025  | 


take a virtual tour of the woodshed!  | 


join our mailing list to receive timely updates on sales, events, and other promotions.  | 


keim visualizer: see exterior product selections on your building project.  | 


explore trex decking through our virtual display  | 


keim offers appliance sales & service. browse our selection of appliances today!  | 


shop specialty woods online today!  | 


retail customers may now earn 2.5% back on qualifying purchases through keim loyalty rewards. learn more and sign up today!  | 


have you met keim's mascot, sprout?   | 




go to previous



go to next


























locations & hours



contact





account

 






cart
















shop online




shop home


shop specialty wood


shop appliances


local express delivery





home center




available brands


events


loyalty rewards


services


planning your visit





project center




new homes & additions


post frame project


deck project


home exterior project


flooring & tile project


kitchen & bath project


door & window project


millwork project










search


















menu





















































march 3 - 8 
kitchen sale


learn more 



















march 3 - 8 
exterior door & window sale


save the date 



















winter hours 
keim home center


view all locations and hours 



















the home, building, and woodworking
destination


keim home center 



















explore
keim millwork


view keimmillwork.com 



















view the
project center


go to project center 



















shop all things
woodworking


shop specialty wood 



















wood with a 50-year warranty
accoya


learn more 



















earn 2.5% back with
loyalty


start earning today 



















join our
mailing list


join now 


















all things home, building, and woodworking
lumber, building materials, and quality millwork
















built on trust, since 1911


located on 50 acres in the rolling hills of holmes county, keim is the destination and trusted source for your home, building, and woodworking needs. founded in 1911, our fourth-generation family business is dedicated to caring for your project like we care for our own.







play video
 

play video
 




        close
      




































crown molding, baseboards, and finish trim


explore quality millwork

browse in stock molding profiles 





















keim visualizer


see exterior product selections on your building project.

use the keim visualizer 





















virtual tour of woodshed


explore a hidden gem inside keim home center.

view now 





















browse appliances online


shop a wide variety of quality kitchen and laundry appliance brands.

browse appliances online 





















planning your visit?


we have a few tips for you.

learn more 











 

 















keim millwork


as a division of the keim company in charm, oh, we provide complete millwork solutions for contractors, cabinet shops, furniture makers, and homeowners. watch this short video to get a taste of what goes on behind the scenes in our onsite mill.







play video
 

play video
 




        close
      





























project center


at keim, we offer all the tools and building materials to help you take on your diy projects, but also the knowledge and expertise of our in-house craftsmen so you can rest assured the job is done right.


read more



 
















contractors


join our network of partners. we value your trust and strive to strengthen it through our commitment to quality materials, skilled and courteous staff, and innovative products. enjoy an unmatched selection across our 50-acre lumber yard.  allow us to serve you through delivery within 150 miles of our charm location.


read more



 
















woodworking pros


we offer a wide selection of wood species, finishes, and custom designs to help bring your projects to life and grow your woodworking business. allow us to be your one-stop for your cabinet-making and furniture-making supplies.


read more



 















specialty woods


at keim, we offer a large selection of domestic and exotic woods. we also stock burls and natural edge slabs in all shapes and sizes. a selection is available for purchase online, and you are also more than welcome to visit us to view even more options in-store.

shop now 
















featured home center brands
























































featured quality local brands


































featured building materials brands
































































view all brands


























get started



let us help you take your project to the next level.

contact us 











 

 

























home center



planning your visit


project center


articles


videos


keim loyalty rewards









shop online



shop specialty woods


shop local express





pros



contractors


woodshops









about



our story


our values


our history






cafe




log in







help center



delivery, returns & exchanges


rental equipment


gift cards & registry


privacy










associations




contact us




join our team














located on 50 acres in the rolling hills of holmes county, keim is the destination and trusted source for your home, building, and woodworking needs. founded in 1911, our fourth-generation family business is dedicated to caring for your project like we care for our own.





                find us on social media
              


link to facebook



link to instagram













                    4465 oh-557,
millersburg, oh 44654
                  
|
330.893.2251





©2025
               keim.
            
             all rights reserved.
          











          |
        
privacy



          |
        
terms






                site by 
                cassel bear
































