













cathedral city visitors guide - cathedralcity.com




















































































saturday , february 15 2025
concert & show tickets! toby keith, theresa caputo, tyler henry, hall & oats, pitbull & more! 















 
cathedral city visitors guide official guide to cathedral city california

 




home
calendar
concert tickets
golf
history
hotels
weather
contact us







welcome to cathedral city!

concert tickets: get the best tickets to every cathedral city area event!
hotels & resorts: cathedralcity.com's top cathedral city hotels & resorts! 
calendar of events: our cathedral city calendar is updated daily!
golf: book a tee-time at the finest golf courses in cathedral city!
history: cathedral city was inspired by a descendant of george washington!
weather: view the latest cathedral city weather forecast!
contact us: questions? cathedralcity.com would love to hear from you! 




the history of cathedral city




 



cathedral city history began with the cahuilla people (qawishpa cahuillangnah), one of the original peoples of southern california who settled the coachella valley approximately 5,000 years ago. they spoke ivilyuat, a dialect of the uto-aztecan language family. in a 1990 census there were only 35 people who could still speak …
read more »




cathedral city golf courses




 



cathedral canyon golf club  68-311 paseo real cathedral city, california 92234 tee times: 1.800.520.0289 cathedral canyon golf package! architect: david rainville / billy casper when you play cathedral canyon you can expect 18-holes of beautiful championship cathedral city golf in the cool shade of tree lined fairways, 16 lakes, well …
read more »










cathedral city concerts & events!


cathedral city concerts & events!cathedral city golf courses!


cathedral city golf courses!cathedral city hotels & resorts!


cathedral city hotels & resorts! 
 




 
 | cathedralcity.com home
| calendar of events
| concert tickets
| golf
| history 
| hotels & resorts
| weather
| contact us

 

 
 

 












































 







			powered and designed by cathedralcity.com 




© copyright 1997-2025castello cities internet network, inc.  
cathedralcity.com is the worldwide brand for cathedral city, california! 















