





texas stars disinfecting environmental solutions – benefits of using our disinfecting environment solutions






























skip to content


texas stars disinfecting environmental solutions

				benefits of using our disinfecting environment solutions			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
about me card
our advantage
contact
 






stars of texas



disinfecting environmental solutions


stars of texas
benefits of using our disinfecting environment solutions

uses epa registered products
innovative technology
offer “green” solutions
environmentally conscious & friendly
improve indoor air quality
cost competitive & effective disinfecting

about


disinfection



sanitation



commercial cleaning



stars of texas was founded upon principals of green cleaning, disinfecting and environmental solutions. prior to the coronavirus, covid-19 pandemic declared across the world. this was a priority for us to provide green solutions to the world of disinfecting. 
dallas stars is launching in the direction of environmentally friendly and conscious cleaning and disinfecting products. it is natural then that our first wave of product focus would support the concept of “green” cleaning. because of this, and our high standards of working with hospital-grade disinfectants, we have been drawn to vital oxide. couple this with the technologically sound and time and energy-efficient application process of electrostatic spraying and you have a solid foundation for a beginning. you also have a complete disinfecting solution.
the company is based in dallas to help essential businesses during the coronavirus pandemic and beyond . we utilize an epa certified hospital grade disinfectant that is applied electrostatically and fogs the entire (indoors and outdoors). 
the electrostatic spray permeates the applied area with a clean, biodegradable and non-toxic to humans and pets hospital grade disinfectant that penetrates deep into all surfaces within the applied area to ensure complete surface coverage. through the electrostatic application, the disinfecting particles are bonded to the surfaces for longer-lasting efficacy and protection.
vital oxide is a category 4 rated chemical on the epa toxicity chart for chemicals (ex: category 1 – chlorine bleach, category 4 = water)
anti-microbial efficacy. the complete disinfecting solution kills most, if not all of the major super bugs. please refer to other information regarding elimination of any other microorganisms or pathogens.
complete surface coverage. the electrostatic spray application produces a: less than 40 micron droplet size that is known by scientists to improve biological activity. it permeates the entire environment and penetrates deep into all surfaces while penetrating by itself within the environment to ensure complete surface coverage.
environment friendly and environmentally conscious. through electrostatic spraying there will be no contaminated water to collect, no harmful by-products and no harmful voc’s.
minimizes down time through rapid treatment – application time is dependent upon the size of the surface area being applied. with utilizing the complete disinfecting solution the fine mist that is applied to the surface will dry almost on contact due to the ambient heat of that surface. the moisture is evaporated leaving the active ingredients of the vital oxide on the surface to continue to disinfect on a residual basis. your environment will be back to its normal operation within 5 to 10 minutes of the application of the complete disinfecting solution.





we had a few companies come by for quotes, stars of texas beat them all by around 15-20%. and the quality is there in terms of service.
amy blake, lexcorp




stars of texas provides a wide choice of sports courts products, such as tennis and basketball courts. great company.
mike wallace, wayne enterprises





about


we at stars of texas  strive to provide the best commercial, and office cleaning services.  about me card more…


get in touch
reach out so we can work together to solve your cleaning needs.  
and if you are closer to the dallas metroplex, then we want to give a shout out to the granddaddy of all dallas cleaning companies, dallas janitorial services. for sanitation and disinfecting cleaning services, djs is tops.


opening hours
monday9:00 am – 5:00 pmtuesday9:00 am – 5:00 pmwednesday9:00 am – 5:00 pmthursday9:00 am – 5:00 pmfriday9:00 am – 5:00 pmsaturdayclosedsundayclosed











contact
our advantage
about me card
 

texas stars disinfecting environmental solutions,
proudly powered by wordpress.	











