












buy a timeshare | how to buy a timeshare | buyatimeshare.com

















                    sell your timeshare
                


















press room
customer service
about us
contact us







1-800-640-6886intl: 813-902-9743







timeshare directory


popular timeshare companies

worldmark timeshare
marriott timeshare
hilton timeshare
disney timeshare
westin timeshare
hyatt timeshare
bluegreen timeshare
westgate timeshare
wyndham timeshare
diamond timeshare
capital vacations timeshare
all timeshare companies



popular timeshare resorts

westin ka'anapali
hilton ny 57th st
the hilton club ny
hilton las vegas strip
marriott aruba surf club
marriott newport coast
westin princeville
disney boardwalk
disney saratoga springs
all timeshare resorts



popular timeshare cities

las vegas timeshares
orlando timeshares
miami timeshares
destin timeshares
panama city timeshares
new orleans timeshares
all timeshare cities



popular timeshare states

florida timeshares
hawaii timeshares
colorado timeshares
california timeshares
arizona timeshares
south carolina timeshares
all timeshare states



popular timeshare countries

mexico timeshares
aruba timeshares
bahamas timeshares
cayman islands timeshares
australia timeshares
barbados timeshares
canada timeshares
united states timeshares
all timeshare countries



view resort companies




sell timeshare

sell timeshare
sell my timeshare now
how to sell a timeshare
how much is my timeshare worth?  
timeshare exit
seller faq
timeshare resale scam warning 



buy timeshare

buy timeshare
timeshares for sale
timeshare resales
buyer faq



rent timeshare

rent a timeshare
timeshare rentals
timeshares for rent
rent my timeshare
rent your timeshare
renter faq



timeshare info

timeshare information
timeshare blog
7across timeshare exchange
rci timeshare
vacation ownership options
timeshare points
timeshare calendar 
free ebook download
timeshare faq's



timeshare help

how do timeshares work
benefits of timeshare ownership 
how to exchange my timeshare
find timeshare closing services
get timeshare financing
how timeshare weeks work 
timeshare help center
timeshare mortgage 


about us
contact us



account login





 

search for a timeshare to buy or rent





for sale


for rent
for sale





















 











get help now



 
registration form











what can we help you with?

selling my timeshare
buying a timeshare
renting my timeshare
find a vacation rental



i give my elec. sig. and consent for buyatimeshare and third-party brokers to send me offers at the above phone number. consent not required for purchase. i also agree to the terms of services and privacy policy.





privacy policy  |  contact us








buy a timeshare with us
at buyatimeshare.com, we can help you buy, sell or rent a timeshare quickly and easily.
with consumers every day looking for timeshare resales, we are perfectly positioned to help buyers find the right timeshare at the right price and save you thousands of dollars in the process.
through our efficient online marketing techniques, we specialize in bringing timeshare buyers and sellers together with proven results.
over $100,000,000 in offers to buy timeshares in the past 2 years
timeshare buyers have found great bargains, with deals at 50-60% less than resort retail prices. our dynamic timeshare resale marketplace lets buyers connect directly with sellers to get the timeshare to suit their unique vacation needs.
over 1,000,000 annual visitors looking for timeshare information
search engines like google, yahoo and bing put our website in front of timeshare buyers and renters. our decades of experience in search marketing have created a refined, targeted approach that attracts vacationers from around the world looking for the right timeshare.
most trusted online timeshare resale provider
the first timeshare resale advertiser to be successfully vetted by national north american timeshare associations arda, crta and amdetur. our relationship with these groups gives you the confidence you need when looking for a legitimate resale provider.
matching timeshare sellers with buyers since 2000
our longevity speaks to the credibility and success we’ve maintained over the years. now into our third decade of business, our ability to effectively navigate economic challenges to deliver results proves our commitment to our customers.



what sets buyatimeshare.com apart?
take control of the timeshare resale process
negotiate directly with buyers and renters to get the best deal possible without any hidden fees or after-sale commissions. provide photos, create incentives and explain the amazing benefits that led you to buy your timeshare in the first place – as only an owner can.
superior customer service helps you buy a timeshare
our u.s.-based customer service staff is unmatched in the timeshare resale industry. real people with real information. we answer your questions, explain resale tactics, and show you the most important details to emphasize to give you the best chance to sell or buy a timeshare.
timeshare buyers save money buying resale
buyers purchase directly from an existing owner, saving thousands of dollars on resort sales commissions. resorts include marketing costs and sale commissions into their retail prices – costs that don’t factor into resale prices. save 50% or more by buying resale.
who should buy a timeshare?
people looking for vacation ownership accommodation options are searching the internet for their next great deal – often from the comfort of their home. or maybe they are already at a timeshare resort and have just taken a tour and heard the sales pitch, then go to the web on their smartphone or tablet and find out how much money they can save by buying the same product on the resale market.
if you’re looking to buy a timeshare, save yourself the money, time and hassle of going through the resort sales process by searching the available inventory here at buyatimeshare.com. discover top names like marriott vacation club, disney vacation club, club wyndham, hilton grand vacation club/hgvc, hyatt, westin, sheraton, westgate, bluegreen and more.
with so many extraordinary resorts available, working with a qualified resale company is the best way to find an affordable timeshare that everyone in your family will love.
why buy a timeshare?
timeshare provides the best possible vacation accommodation at great prices, especially compared to a hotel. why would you pile everyone into a hotel room to eat pizza on the bed when, for a comparable price, you can have the comfort of a multi-room apartment with kitchen facilities and room to spread out?
separate bedrooms for privacy, living room, dining areas, furnished balconies and even spa baths are just the start. with home-like conveniences combined with fantastic resort amenities at some of the world’s most desirable destinations, timeshares are a game-changer for your vacations.
how buyatimeshare.com works
the search function of our innovative website allows you the opportunity to find the best timeshare to buy. simply browse our website by resort name or location and discover your ideal vacation property.
you may ask questions or make an offer to buy a timeshare directly from an owner. the owner decides whether to accept, decline or counter your offer as part of the negotiation process.
once an offer is accepted, the buyer and seller may elect to complete the transaction themselves or use the services of our affiliated brokerage to handle paperwork and coordinate the closing process.
whether you’re looking to buy a timeshare, sell or rent one through the most effective website online, the perfect solution is at buyatimeshare.com.




how much is your timeshare worth?
   







top timeshare  brands





wyndham timeshare   
bluegreen timeshare
westgate timeshare
disney timeshare
marriott timeshare
hilton timeshare
hyatt timeshare


















top timeshare  destinations





orlando, florida 
las vegas, nevada 
new orleans, louisiana 
branson, missouri 
myrtle beach, south carolina 
miami, florida 
maui, hawaii 

















recent sellers who found timeshare buyers








                        price: $18,000                    

bluegreen resort's shore crest vacation villas ii
bedrooms : varies
usage : annual
points : 13000









                        price: $18,000                    

bluegreen resort's casa del mar beach resort
bedrooms : varies
usage : annual
points : 13000









                        price: $18,000                    

bluegreen resort's paradise point
bedrooms : varies
usage : annual
points : 13000









                        price: $18,000                    

bluegreen eilan hotel & spa
bedrooms : varies
usage : annual
points : 13000









                        price: $1,000                    

marriott's maui ocean club
bedrooms : 1
usage : annual



see more sold timeshares




recent timeshare offers













mayan palace puerto vallarta




                                purchase offer: $1.00                            












marriott's lakeshore reserve




                                purchase offer: $2,000.00                            












embarc resorts




                                purchase offer: $7,500.00                            












marriott's crystal shores




                                purchase offer: $9,000.00                            












marriott's crystal shores




                                purchase offer: $9,000.00                            






see more offers



recent timeshare rental offers













marriott's oceana palms




                                rental offer: $1,500.00                            












beachwoods




                                rental offer: $2,000.00                            












holiday inn club vacations at orange lake resort




                                rental offer: $1,000.00                            












holiday inn club vacations at orange lake resort




                                rental offer: $1,000.00                            












holiday inn club vacations at orange lake resort




                                rental offer: $1,000.00                            






see more rental offers



more timeshare reviews




fiesta americana villas los cabos







 review: "hi- i am the owner of this wonderful timeshare.  my husband and i came every year for 15 years in march.  the rooms are spotless, the gardens are meticulously well kept, 3 delicious restaurants, 3 pools and a children’s pool and activity center. 
the beach is lovely- you can order drinks and food from the beach servers.
there is a great store and cozy coffee shop with internet and pastries. 
my sweet husband died last year and i must sell my beautiful “happy place”
i reduced the price to $17k- an excellent financial/family investment. you will love it!
ps. the staff is the best??"


reviewer: linda lebrane / month of visit: march





organizations





security





back to top





visit buyatimeshare facebook
follow buyatimeshare on twitter


© copyright 2025 - official buy a timeshare - vacation property resales inc - all rights reserved terms and conditions     sms terms and conditionsprivacy policycompliance
pay online
we market your timeshare vacation property worldwide to help connect timeshare sellers with buyers. call 603-883-8626 or 1-800-640-6886 for assistance.

 




hide this record?


cancel
confirm





make visible this record?


cancel
confirm





















