



































































the journal times | breaking news | | read racine, wi and wisconsin breaking news. get latest news, events and information on wisconsin sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















30°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



news tip



nation & world




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school



football



baseball



basketball



college



professional




life & entertainment


announcements



arts & theatre



event calendar



games & puzzles



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



community



a+



submit an announcement




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



i love a deal



shop local



racine public notices



wisconsin public notices



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



become a carrier



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

buy & sell

se wi jobs









30°
cloudy
























        
        
            man accused of sexually assaulting massage therapist pleads not guilty

henry white, the 31-year-old racine man charged on feb. 3 with sexually assaulting a massage therapist, pleaded not guilty in a wednesday hearing at the racine county courthouse. 

















        
        
            club calendar week of feb. 16

monday 

















        
        
            racine declares snow emergency for friday, saturday

the city of racine has declared a snow emergency from 6 p.m. friday, feb. 14 until noon on saturday, feb. 15.

















        
        
            mollie jones remembered as great friend, community leader

racine district 2 alderwoman mollie jones died feb. 6 and is being remembered by her colleague as a great friend, neighbor and civic leader.

















        
        
            parts of the new red apple school could honor laurel clark

parts of the new red apple school could be named after laurel clark.

















        
        
            newman road to close temporarily starting feb. 24

newman road between northwestern avenue and deerfield road in mount pleasant will temporarily close to through traffic starting feb. 24 for storm sewer upgrades, the village announced monday.

















        
        
            racine co-op state-medalist swimmer maximizing his potential during senior season

looking to finish his high school career with a strong effort, the senior's hard work has been evident going into saturday's wiaa division 1 racine case sectional. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            craft store joann to close its racine location



















        
        
            racine county neighbors: obituaries for february 15


















        
        
            racine declares snow emergency for friday, saturday















                
                the latest



















        
        
            racine county neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in the journal times. 





















        
        
            racine county neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in the journal times. 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: racine county news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 




















        
        
            3 places to get your maple sugarin' fix

area nature centers are celebrating an early spring tradition of tapping trees to collect sap and make maple syrup: 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise




















        
        
            200,000 federal workers at risk of getting fired as widespread cuts continue












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            nathaniel foster talks about teammate brady moore

racine co-op swimmer nathaniel foster talks about teammate brady moore. 





















        
        
            brady moore discusses his father, tom

racine co-op senior brady moore discusses his father.  





















        
        
            brady moore discusses swimming, academics

racine co-op senior brady moore discusses swimming, academics.  





















        
        
            racine co-op coach erin cain discusses brady moore

racine co-op coach erin cain discusses senior swimmer brady moore. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            16 gifts to treat yourself on singles awareness day

contributor content. singles awareness day can be the ultimate excuse to shower yourself with love and no better time to indulge in the gift of self-care and celebration.












contributor








        
        
            kubernetes security 101: how to protect your cloud-native environment

contributor content. leveraging the kubernetes platform for all it offers for cloud-native solutions requires a proactive approach to security. 












sponsored








        
        
            gateway helps graduate to help others

content by gateway technical college. see how gateway provides students with the skills needed for a rewarding career in health care.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            abbey group resorts



                                        po box 50 269 fontana blvd, fontana, wi 53125
                                    






















        
        
            andy kerwin geneva crossing retirement



                                        201 townline road, lake geneva, wi 53147
                                    






















        
        
            lazy moose garden market



                                        6499 state rt 9, brant lake, ny 12815
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-09
























office





        
        
            karlsen plumbing - ad from 2025-02-09







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


i love a deal

wheels for you

home finder

online features

work here

get healthy




services


start a subscription

activate your digital subscription

subscriber services

become a carrier

contact us

dealer returns

licensing






                        © copyright 2025
                        the journal times, 212 fourth st. racine, wi 53403
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























