nkf serving kansas and western missouri | national kidney foundation skip to main content      clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancysearchmember loginrecursos en españoldonate nkf mega menu search results clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancy     member login     recursos en español  kidney health       kidney health kidney topics news & stories assess your kidney health diet & nutrition featured topics  chronic kidney disease (ckd)   estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr)   stages of chronic kidney disease (ckd)   tests to check your kidney health   understanding your lab values and other ckd health numbers  see all kidney topicsbrowse by category  diet and nutrition   diseases and conditions   prevention, daily life, and wellbeing   tests and procedures   treatments and therapies  image hot topics in kidney health podcasttune in for the latest research and perspectives on kidney health from nkf.   related news & stories new administration, new policies: what it means for kidney patientscelebrate love with a kidney-healthy valentine’s day dinnerhow nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’s  see all news & stories browse by type  prevention & awareness   patient education   patient stories   advocacy  see all news & stories image how nkf's digital marketing director became an altruistic kidney donorhear how nkf's very own marketing director, dan emerson, chose to give the gift of life to a stranger.  image nkf patient journeyanswer a few questions and we will provide you with information about your kidney health.image ckd basics courselearn about the basics of kidney disease, how it is measured, and what happens if you have kidney failure.image know your riskanswer a few simple questions to find out if you are one of the 33% of adults in the u.s. who is at risk for kidney disease.featured topics  nutrition and kidney disease, stages 1-5 (not on dialysis)   phosphorus and your diet   potassium in your ckd diet   ckd diet: how much protein is the right amount?   sodium and your ckd diet: how to spice up your cooking  see all diet & nutrition topics tools & resourcesimage recipe findernutrition is key to managing kidney disease and your overall healthimage find a dietitianlooking for guidance on a kidney-friendly diet? find a dietitian in your area. image nutritionyour home for resources on eating with kidney disease or to care for your overall kidney health.    treatment & support       treatment & support dialysis transplant clinical trials healthcare resources wellness community connection featured topics  dialysis   hemodialysis   home hemodialysis   peritoneal dialysis   depression and dialysis  see all dialysis topics related news & stories the complete guide to home hemodialysis: benefits, challenges, and tipshow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplantkicking it in dialysis: sneakers as symbols of hope and healingdealing with dialysis: music and art therapy  see all news & stories  image do you need support?nkf peers is a program where kidney patients, living donors, or care partners can connect over the phone with a trained mentor. featured topics  kidney transplant   xenotransplantation   the kidney transplant waitlist   care after kidney transplant  see all transplant topics related news & stories how nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’strailblazers in kidney care: dr. samuel l. kountzhow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplant  see all news & stories  image kidney transplantation resourcesconsidering a kidney transplant? we’ll help you get started. featured topics  clinical trials   are clinical trials safe?   finding out more about clinical trials   kidney disease clinical trial directory   who can participate in a clinical trial  see all clinical trial topics related news & stories basic science, clinical research, and kidney disease treatmentskidney disease clinical trials: are they right for you?important research findings presented during national kidney foundation’s annual spring clinical meetings 2019 national young investigators forum winners  see all news & stories image join the kidneycare studyadvance kidney research by sharing your experience living with kidney disease.image impact patient-centered researchkidney research connect matches you with research projects based on your connection to kidney disease. image insuranceinsurance doesn’t have to be overwhelming. learn about insurance options and choosing a plan that is right for you.  image coping and self-careimplementing coping strategies and practicing self-care are essential components in effectively managing illness and promoting overall health and well-being.  image vaccine informationas a dialysis patient or transplant recipient you may be wondering — are vaccines safe for me? do i need them?  image nutritionlearn about a kidney-friendly diet, so you can stay healthy with kidney disease whether you are at home or dining out.  image exerciseexercise is important for everyone, especially for people with kidney disease.  image sexual healthkidney disease can affect your sexuality in many ways — from hormones, nerves, energy levels, even medicine. image nkf caresoffering support for people affected by kidney disease, organ donation, or transplantation.image local and national eventsattend a national kidney foundation event close to you.image nkf peerswhere kidney patients are connected with trained mentors who have been there themselves.image become a patient advocateadd your voice to voices for kidney health.image online communitieswhere patients and caregivers can share experiences, ask questions, and get answers.image patient storiesread empowering stories from patients and their loved ones.   transplantation       transplantation receiving a kidney transplant donating a kidney featured topics  kidney transplant   the kidney transplant waitlist   getting a kidney transplant   getting a living donor kidney transplant   life with a kidney transplant  see all transplantation topicsimage find a transplant workshopjoin us at a live event near you to learn more with the big ask, the big give.image learn more about kidney transplantdive deep with videos and patient stories in the kidney learning center. image resources & get involvedget connected for support on your transplant journey. featured topics  becoming a living donor   making the decision to donate   living donor evaluation   financial and insurance issues   what to expect after donation  see all kidney donation topicsimage learn more about living donationdive deep with videos and donor stories in the kidney learning center.image ready to take the next step?get started with information on how to connect with a transplant center. image resources & get involvedget connected with others who have donated a kidney.    for professionals       for professionals professional membership continuing education research ckdintercept kidney disease outcomes quality initiative (kdoqi) apps & tools image become a memberlearn more about all the benefits a nkf membership can provide.image fellowship of the national kidney foundationfnkf recognizes professionals for service to nkf.image member loginwe are multidisciplinary. we are clinicians and researchers. we are advocates.image nsw-cthe first national credentialed classification for nephrology social work.image access to nkf journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephology.image nkf professional councilsrepresentative bodies of nkf's professional membership.image professional education resource centercme/ce courses designed for professionals committed to improving patient outcomes.image life as a nephrology professional podcastexploring innovation and research in nephrology.image spring clinical meetingsnkf’s premiere educational event for the interprofessional kidney health team.image kidney commute podcastproviding connection through education and serving as an innovative opportunity to fulfill ce requirements. fundingimage grantsaccess information on available grants and open applications.image nkf innovation fundlearn about our game changing impact investment initiative. latest researchimage research spotlightsee how researchers are making strides in the fight against kidney disease.image nkf’s family of journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephrology. image find patient participants for your researchfind resources to connect you with patients and data for your research. what is ckdintercept? what is ckdintercept?a groundbreaking initiative from the national kidney foundation to improve chronic kidney disease (ckd) testing, recognition, and management in primary care.image learn more about ckdinterceptonly 10% of people living with ckd are aware that they have ckd.image ckdintercept national overviewnkf and partners will develop local road maps to drive a cultural shift in primary care.image ckd change packagea systematic approach to transform ckd care, advance health equity, and improve health care quality.what is kdoqi? what is kdoqi?kdoqi (kidney disease outcomes quality initiative) is world renowned for improving the diagnosis and treatment of kidney disease, these guidelines have changed the practices of healthcare professionals and improved thousands of lives.tools & resources  guidelines and commentaries   guideline development process   patient centered quality measures  learn more about kdoqiimage vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.featured printable tools  ckd heat map   kidney disease stages   nephrotic syndrome   phosphorus for dialysis patients   ckd change package  see all clinician toolsimage egfr calculatoruse our gfr calculators to estimate gfr for adults or children.image h2overload: fluid control for heart-kidney healthdesigned for people who need to limit their fluid intake.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.image vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.   get involved       get involved   advocate   give   become a partner   attend   volunteer   fundraise   participate in research   more ways to get involved    about nkf       about nkf   diversity, equity, inclusion   press room   kidney equity for all   careers   nkf leadership   contact us   local offices   kidney disease: fact sheet     breadcrumb home nkf offices nkf serving kansas and western missouri nkf serving kansas and western missouri  back to top    mailing address only:national kidney foundation - ks, w.mo9218 metcalf ave. #424overland park, ks 66212community events nkf and camp chimer merchnew nkf and kidney themed shirtslet's make waves, one stylish tee at a time.here’s a chance to support a cause near to your heart while adding flair to your look! we've curated a fantastic collection of nkf branded goodies just for you. whatever your style, we've got something special for you! every purchase contributes directly to supporting vital programs and services for those affected by kidney disease right here in kansas and western missouri. available for a limited time. don't miss out!  view nkf store  patient empowerment programmonthly sessionsjoin your kidney community for an educational and empowering day! the patient empowerment program webinars aim to engage, empower, and educate individuals affected by kidney disease. learn from healthcare professionals and hear from other patients impacted by kidney disease. this virtual event is free! created for kidney patients and their family / care partners, though anyone with an interest in their health are welcome. registration is required to attend.sponsorship and community partner opportunities available, contact joanna rogers for information.next session:“your kidneys and you: your body's hidden filters" wednesday, march 12, 2025, at 12:00 pm ctvirtual event - live webinar via zoomdownload program flyer  reserve your spot!  2025 post-secondary education scholarship announcementculpepper exum scholarshipthe nkf is proud to offer the 2025 culpepper exum scholarship, made possible due to the generosity of nephrology social worker, beth witten, in memory of her brother. this scholarship is an opportunity designed to help two deserving people on dialysis, or kidney transplant recipients, achieve their aspirations and complete their post-secondary education goals. must be a resident of kansas or missouri.    view scholarship flyer   learn more and apply  great platesmagic of giving celebrationsample creations from kansas city's creative culinary community!mix and mingle while delighting in the mouthwatering creations of local chefs. they're pulling out all the stops to win the best dish and people's choice awards and your taste buds will reap the benefits. your $150 ticket to dine will be a night to remember. your mouth will thank you. ticket sales go live on february 15, 2025. save the date to join us on thursday, may 8th at the oliver building, a historic event space.  interested in becoming a sponsor, a participating restaurant, volunteer or donate to the auction?  please contact tori snowden.sign up to win a golden ticket, enter to win brunch for a year, and preview the amazing items up for sale by visiting the great plates website.  great plates website  camp chimeraugust 1-3, 2025camp chimer brings together children ages 9-18 who are undergoing dialysis or have had a kidney transplant. camp provides them the opportunity to enjoy traditional summer activities, such as swimming, in a fun, safe, and supportive environment. camp gives every kid the chance to thrive: cultivating connection, community, independence and adventure.  camp will be staffed by physicians, nurses, dietitians, pharmacists, social workers, and volunteers. campers are medically supervised. for more information on how to sponsor or get involved, contact tiffany scheffler.    camp chimer website   become a volunteer  2025 kidney walkskansas city 10.12.25       wichita 10.19.25the kidney walk is the nation's largest walk to fight kidney disease. held in nearly 70 communities, the event raises awareness and funds lifesaving programs that educate and support patients, their families and those at risk. team and individual walker registration opens in january!  for more information about kidney walk, how to start your fundraising team, or on becoming a volunteer please contact tonee schwartz. kansas city kidney walk- kc live! at power & lightwichita kidney walk - chicken n pickle find walks in other communities at kidneywalk.orgprofessional resources + educationrenal roundtable programsa professional education and networking programrenal roundtable programs are locally-based professional education events that bring together nephrologists and advanced practice clinicians for an opportunity for a collegial exchange of ideas and open dialogue amongst local nephrology professionals. featuring compelling presentations and roundtable discussions with nationally renowned experts in the field - on cutting edge, and sometimes controversial issues, relevant to their practice - these non-accredited programs allow for the sharing of case studies, common experiences, and best practices.  hosted by the nkf medical advisory board of kansas city  partnership opportunities  upcoming datesdate: tuesday, february 18, 2025title: catheter based renal denervation for the treatment of hypertensionfeaturing ajay j. kirtane, md; professor of medicine at the columbia university medical centerdirector, columbia interventional cardiovascular careview program flyer   register for next event    cnsw quarterly connecthosted by the cnsw of kansas & western missouri(council of nephrology social workers) join us for virtual check-in meetings to share challenges, accomplishments and resources, to get and give support, and to discuss cnsw chapter business and plan future check-in and educational meetings. bring your lunch and join us via zoom meetings. date: tbd spring 2025email joanna.rogers@kidney.org to be added to the local chapter's listserv to be notified of future meetings.  learn more   cnsw local chapter programshosted by the cnsw of kansas and western missouri (council of nephrology social workers)in partnership with the cnsw of pacific northwest. fall ce programtopic: social work licensure compact: all you want, and need to knowspeaker: kaitlyn bison, ba  date: thursday, november 14, 2024 at 12:00pm ctlocation: virtual, streaming via zoomregistration now open.view program flyer.   register for next program   resources for patients + support peoplenutrition and recipesinformation on kidney transplantationunderstanding organ donationmanaging your health post-transplant  ¿tiene preguntas sobre la enfermedad renal? ¡podemos ayudar!nuestra línea de ayuda de información nkf cares, ofrece apoyo a las personas afectadas por enfermedades renales, donación o trasplante de órganos. está diseñado solo para pacientes, familiares y sus cuidadores. hable con un especialista que responderá sus preguntas y escuchará sus inquietudes. esto está disponible en inglés y español de lunes a viernes de 9am a 7pm, hora del este.  aprende más   have questions about kidney disease? we can help!our patient information help line, nkf cares, offers support for people affected by kidney disease, organ donation or transplantation. it's designed just for patients, family members and care partners. speak with a trained specialist who will answer your questions and listen to your concerns. this is available in english and spanish monday–friday, 9am–7pm et!  learn more   get involved with nkfthere is no "us" without "you". give, volunteer, or advocate to help win the fight against kidney disease.want to get involved?are you interested in joining a committee or learning about our board of advisors?opportunities in kansas or missouri, contact tiffany scheffler opportunities in oklahoma, contact calvin lyons  volunteering with nkflooking to volunteer? check out all the latest local volunteer opportunities.  volunteer with us  what's your story?we want to hear about your unique experience with a kidney transplant, living donation, or kidney disease. your story may be the one that gives someone hope.  share your story  monthly givingtogether, we can provide all patients with access to the care, treatment and guidance they need to cope with a kidney disease diagnosis with your monthly gift of any amount.  donate monthly  kidney cars vehicle donation programturn your vehicle into cash for the national kidney foundation serving kansas and western missouri! vehicles donated to national kidney foundation have the potential to bring hundreds and sometimes even thousands of dollars in support of advocating for all kidney patients through education, research, and innovation. donating is simple, the pick-up is free, and your gift is tax-deductible. donate your vehicle to the nkf serving kansas and western missouri today! donate online or call 800.488.cars (2277).  donate online local officemailing address only9218 metcalf ave. #424overland park, ks 66212united statesemail: nkfkswmo@kidney.orgphone: 913.262.1551toll free: 800.596.7943google maplocal staff & boardupcoming eventsrenal roundtable: "catheter-based renal denervation for the treatment of hypertension"feb 18, 2025 07:00 pm contact: joanna rogersvirtual eventregister nowpatient empowerment program - "your kidneys and you: your body's hidden filters"mar 12, 2025 01:00 pm virtual eventregister nowpost-secondary education scholarshipmay 05, 2025 06:00 pm virtual eventregister now2025 great plates celebrationmay 08, 2025 05:30 pm to may 08, 2025 10:30 pmcontact: tori snowdenthe oliver1321 w 13th street
kansas city, missouri 64102register now     quick links about us careers contact us national partners our store press room  recursos en español connect with usget emails from nkf  first name*    last name*    email*   - primary connection to kidney disease -i am at risk for kidney diseasei am a kidney patienti am a family/friend of a kidney patienti am a healthcare professionali am a care partner of a kidney patienti am a living kidney donori am considering becoming a living kidney donori have lost someone to kidney diseasei am a family member/friend of a deceased organ donorother - type of connection to kidney disease -i have ckd stage 1 or 2i have ckd stage 3i have ckd stage 4 or 5 and not on dialysisi am unsure what stage of kidney disease i am ina family member/friend is at risk for kidney diseasei am on dialysisi am a transplant recipienta family member/friend has ckd 1 or 2a family member/friend has ckd 3a family member/friend has ckd 4 or 5 and is not on dialysisa family member/friend is on dialysisa family member/friend is a transplant recipienta family member/friend is a living donori have kidney cancera family member/friend has kidney canceri have kidney stonesa family member/friend has kidney stonesa family member/friend is a deceased patient - cause of ckd -acute kidney injuryage-relatedalport syndromeapol1-mediated kidney diseaseblood pressure/hypertensionc3g (complement 3 glomerulopathy)cause was not foundcongenitalcontract induced nephropathydiabetes & high blood pressure/hypertensiondiabetes type 1diabetes type 2fabry diseasefsgs (focal segmental glomerulosclerosis)glomerulonephritisgoodpasture's syndromehiv/aidsiga nephropathykidney cancerkidney stoneslithiumlupus nephritismembranoproliferative glomerulonephritismembranous nephropathyminimal change diseasensaidspolycystic kidney diseaseprimary distal renal tubular acidosisurinary tract infectionsi'm not sureother - transplant type -deceased donorliving donor - living donor type -directednon directed - dialysis type -hemodialysishome hemodialysisnocturnal hemodialysisperitoneali do not know what type of dialysis - professional category -clinical nurse specialistcommunity health workerdietitianfellownursenurse practitionerpharmacistphysicianphysician assistantresidentscientistsocial workerstudenttechnicianother - subspecialty -behavioral/mental healthcardiologyckdcommunity healthdermatologydiabetes educatordialysisemergency medicineendocrinologyfamily medicinegastroenterologygeriatricshome dialysisinfectious diseaseinternal medicineliving donationliving donor advocatenephrologynutritionob/gynoncologypediatricspre-esrdprimary careradiologyresearchrheumatologytransplanttransplant coordinatortransplant surgeonurologyvascular accessvascular access surgeonother  leave this field blank  give to nkfcontribute to our mission with a general, memorial, or honor donation.donateneed help? call nkf cares855.nkf.cares (855.653.2273)m–f 9:00am – 7:00pm30 east 33rd street, new york, ny 10016© 2025 national kidney foundation, inc.sub footer menu legal & copyright privacy policy state fundraising notices footer social media links twitter facebook instagram linkedin  tik tok youtube 