



mediamonkey » free media jukebox, music manager, cd ripper & converter





































              mediamonkey
            


toggle navigation









              download
            



 forum
            



              support
            



              addons
            



              develop
            









overview
windows
android











mediamonkey
the media manager for serious collectors
let mediamonkey organize your music/video collection and get it under control. on your pc and on your phone. so that you can focus on enjoying it.





manage
manage 100,000+ audio and video files, contemporary and classical music, audiobooks, podcasts or music videos; whether on a hard drive, a network, the cloud, or recorded from your cds.







organize

	organize your media and quickly get it under control. automatically lookup and tag missing artwork/metadata, automatically organize and rename files, get rid of duplicates, and set up playlists.
	







share
share your music and video between windows and android, apple devices (iphone, ipad, ipod), tvs and other dlna media players, or cloud services.







play

	play high quality audio to your tv, stereo or any other upnp/dlna, chromecast, or bluetooth device, letting mediamonkey convert unsupported formats and normalize volume levels. 
	







convert
convert audio and video formats so that all your content can play on any of your devices.







customize
customize and extend mediamonkey functionality with addons or skins to make it truly your own.







enjoy
enjoy your music. whether you're a collector, a small business owner, or dj, mediamonkey removes the tedium of managing your collection.



































what others are saying...




“mediamonkey plays and organizes both music and video, and unlike some dual-purpose media players, it does an excellent job of both.”
                
techradar, 2021.




“right from installation, my immediate impression of mediamonkey is that it is not a monkey, at all, but a 1000 lb. gorilla.”
                
gizmo's best, 2021.




“feature-packed media management application with tools to organize, tag, rip and synchronize audio and video files...”
                
lo4d.com, 2021.




“for users who are looking for a powerful program to manage their large media libraries, mediamonkey provides a comprehensive range of features that cover virtually any media situation imaginable.”
software how, 2020.




“mediamonkey skillfully manages and plays back all popular audio formats, cds, podcasts, and more.”
                
softmany.com, 2020.




“editors choice: a powerful and customizable media player...”
                
sooftware.com, 2021.




“mediamonkey review: best music player.”
techbmc,
                      2022.




“the best music management software for windows 10.”
the sweet
                      bits, july 2018.




“go ahead--download mediamonkey, organize your songs, grab someone special, and press play.”
datingadvice.com, 2018.




“mediamonkey is the ideal program for managing large music collections.”
chip.de, 2021.




“the best music managers for windows.”
art of the song,
                      march 2019.




“media monkey is one killer application for the serious music collector. for those who have large
                  collections of music will find the organization features are some of the best out there.”
how-to geek: mediamonkey review





previous



next








version 5

windows
            desktop app


            a complete solution
            to organize, play and share
            your media across your devices.














download for
windows



learn more



android
            mobile app


            sync, organize and
            play your media
            from your phone.






learn more




 





          © 2000-2025 ventis media inc.
        



          privacy policy
        
















