
thompson realty pc silver nmplease ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility







phone





facebook























search the mls 
featured listings
 
search listings
 
in the news

 
rentals 
available rentals
 
apply now
 
pay rent online
 
documents
 
property management
 
rental complexes

 
about us
 
resources 
buyers 
mortgage calculator
 
financing
 
relocation
 
home inspections
 
first time buyers
 
real estate terms

 
sellers 
staging your home
 
your home value


 
contact
















 












buy, sell & rent with thompson realty













current real estate news



featured new mexico communities


  silver city 


  bayard 


  mimbres 


  hurley 


  santa clara 


  cliff 


  gila 







looking for a property manager or property to rent?
whether you are looking for a rental property,
or want to rent a property you own, we're happy to help you.
get more info view available rentals apply to rent pay rent online








featured new mexico listings

















                                                                               see our privacy policy here



thompson realty pcproperty listings in grant county, new mexico


our membership in the scrar mls (multiple listing service) gives you internet access to all real estate properties for sale region wide, including silver city, bayard, mimbres, hurley, santa clara, cliff, gila area, grant county, the gila national forest and more...
we can sell you any real estate property listed in silver city, new mexico or surrounding areas, including the gila national forest, regardless of who the listing broker is. use this website to search all mls listings for sale.
try our new 'interactive property search with mapping' to find properties in silver city and grant county near the gila national forest!
if you're looking for real estate, homes or property in silver city, grant county new mexico or surrounding areas including the gila national forest, we can help you find the right home or property for your needs and will guide you towards making an informed real estate decision in our market.


we pride ourselves in being able to give all our clients important local information based on years of living and enjoying all the silver city/southwest new mexico/gila national forest area has to offer.
if you are a seller, we can help you with price and put your home or property on the market for a quick sale. if you'd like to find the value of your silver city, new mexico area home or property, go to our "your home value" page and submit a cma request. we will research the market value of your home or property for you. this is a service provided by thompson realty for sellers.
this site is designed to help you make the important decisions needed to purchase or sell real estate, homes, or property in or around silver city, grant county nm. and the gila national forest bookmark it for future reference and feel free to contact us for all your real estate needs. 





first time  buyer?
learn more




what's your
home worth?
find out now

 









contact us
(575) 538-0021 
sales@silver-nm.com
rentals@silver-nm.com


visit us
607 n hudsonsilver city, nm 88061
get directions






                copyright 2021 ©
                
                    cevado™ 
                
                 | all rights reserved | 
                
                    legal notices
                
                 | 
                





