




         home - wellness recovery action plan                              create accountsign in
search for:







wellness recovery action planwhat is wrap?wrap is…the wrap storythe way wrap workswrap values & ethicsthe global wrap communitywrap can helplife challengesaddictionstraumadevelopmental distinctionsjustice involvementmental healthveteransfamiliesyouth/childrenwrap in actionsample wraps & toolswrap online communitywrap videosseminars/trainingsseminars/trainingsseminar and training calendarbookstoreblogcontact usfrequently asked questionswriters’ guidelinesnewslettercompany inforefund policy0 items



select page


watch mary ellen copeland’s inspirational videolearn about the origins and future of wrap from the author of the original wrap.watch videonew wrap bingo cards available!learn moretake your wrap wherever you gowith the pocket-sized versions of wrap and the crisis plan, you can have your wellness tools and crisis directives with you at all times.learn morewrap facilitator manual, updated edition now available!includes fully revised text and downloadable slides, activities, and handouts.view nowwelcome to the global wrap communityread personal stories from wrapers around the world, get new wellness tool ideas, and learn about wrap’s 25th anniversary through the wrap blog.view morejoin our wrap community!sign inorcreate an accountready to get started?communityget connected, stay connected, and share in wellness.
connectbookstoreshop for your favorites and our newest offerings.
shopblogread our latest posts or browse the archives.
readwrap can help


























we went from being victims of the system to working together and putting in the time and effort to change policies that would affect our system forever. that coming together gave us a language to communicate in a way that we could be heard and that has made all the difference.—jane winterling, co-originator of wrapread morerecent blog posts
the future of wrap: learning from each otherjan 29, 2025by mary ellen copeland, wrap co-originator we are now moving into the 28th year of wrap. wow! who knew?! although there have been many attempts to disparage, change, and copy wrap, wrap, as it was developed 28 years ago by an amazing group of peers—people who, at that...
end-of-year message from wrap directordec 19, 2024by lynn miller happy holidays to all wrap facilitators, advanced level facilitators (alfs), wrappers, your families and friends, and all the agency staff we have worked with over the past year! the year 2024 has been one of significant growth for wrap! with the...
a journey of growth and hopeoct 31, 2024by ken, wrap community member from japan i’m ken, and i’d like to share my personal recovery journey with you. from a young age, i struggled with feeling different and isolated. school was challenging, and i faced bullying. to cope, i often told myself that the person...get the latest wrap newssubscribe to our monthly wrap up newsletter for announcements, updates, and special offers. be the first to hear about new products.name*


first



last
email*
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 









 




what is wrap?
wrap can help
wrap in action
blog
bookstore
newsletter
company info
faqs
terms & conditions
writers' guidelines
contact us
sign in
contents copyright © 1995-2025 advocates for human potential, inc. all rights reserved.                               



