





super scoopers: we scoop dog poop for you, dog poop scooping & disposal, east york, north york, toronto, etobicoke,thornhill, scarborough. 

























order service online now!   scoopers wanted now!











 
 


































priority service
			book early!






sign me up now!  










 ???? and answers










how many tons do we collect? and to whom could we possibly give it?












 word of mouth










what is it like not having to scoop poop? many dog lovers will tell you exactly how they feel about rover's left overs.



















  after 45 years of scooping dog poop  james beagle is retiring... but! the legacy continues! introducing the poo crew!
  
james beagle, the original super scooper since 1981, 
is retiring after 45 years of helping dog owners in toronto and the g.t.a.

james beagle was the trail blazer who pioneered the dog poop scooping business ecosystem.
it was his mission to be unique, to doo something no one else had done before.

"i would like to thank all of my customers for your dog's business".
"i felt like a super hero, daily defending against what dogs doo"!

"it is my responsibility to make sure the legacy continues".
"after doing a small test sample of customers, i have decided to endorse  the poo crew"!
"the poo crew is the largest dog poop scooping service company in canada"!
"the poo crew is as dedicated to responsible dog ownership as i am".
"the poo crew is affordable, reliable, and incorporates innovative technology".

"customers are sent notification to their smart phone, when the clean up is complete!".

"gps tracking ensures video proof of service and gate closure!"
"the poo crew offers other service options as well".

"there a few differences in the way the poo crew operates including,
service day, disposal, rates, and payment options".

"i am confident that you will be satisfied in knowing that,
the poo crew will continue to provide a high standard of service".

"please fill in the sign up form on the next page for a smooth transition of service".
"the poo crew will be in touch with you to discuss customized service options". 

"thank you".  
 please fill in the service request form  on the next page... click here. 



 
  



 or    scan the qr code below for more  information & to register your account   










before scooping!

after scooping!











