




wave themes home page









if you're trapped in someone's frame - click here to break out!



over 12,500 files

in the archive!


20 minutes into the future:
the object of what is being done here is to try to be one of the largest collection of television
 theme songs on the internet. you will find them on-line now - check our
 archive listing page << that's where the themes are!. 
 (and they are slowly being converted to .mp3 format - live tv shows is done!) 


please do keep in mind that this is not my job, but a hobby. 
i'm now just a retired geek with a bum heart who would rather play with the grandkids than type on a keyboard.
it took just under 3 years to get my domain back from scumbag hackers and there's still some scum out in the world that's using my pen-name and posting porn and viruses. i'm almost ready to give up totally!


the
 'what's new' page  will house the totally completed ones.
the 'work in progress' and some of them in video format can be found on the 
wavethemes bulletin board  so feel free to stop by.






important 
copyright and fair use information



 alt.binaries.sounds.tv-themes
 newsgroup spoken here (and it's all but dead :(  )
 even wavethemes started a blog (and don't see any use for it :) 
and a phpbb-powered wavethemes bulletin board  (find some theme videos here along with tons of commercial videos)




want to see an episode guide of your favorite series? one of the better done sites is epguides.com 
there you will find more than 9,400 shows defined.





here is a company that has a fast growing selection of "movie 
memoribilia, films, posters and more" where some of that "more" 
just happens to be one of the best collections of hard-to find 
classic television tapes i've ran across on the internet yet! 
take a moment to visit  life is a movie  
and see for yourself!

don't usually take note of youtube channels or recommend it really, however, there is a channel 
you might want to visit:  geek music  !!!
they do remixes of television and movie music, and they do it very well!! so do give 
 geek music  a visit and bookmark them!




last updated 01/31/2021

more than 136,803,500 theme songs sent via email to 91 countries between 1995-2005!
more than 1 billion theme songs downloaded since august 11, 2005! (and i have stopped counting)


don't be selfish

share one with a friendor even a stranger!!




archive index (themes are here) | 
        new themes just posted | 
        the want list |
      


other sites i've built in the past
god-bless-america patriotic site | 
        commercial music of old | 
        tv-movie themes in midi form |
      












