






utah news – news on everything utah!




























		skip to content	



 



utah news
news on everything utah!

  
			scroll down to content		








posts





posted on february 15, 2025your property taxes pay for your local schools. utah lawmakers might change that. 


 



the way utah schools get their money may soon change — if a bill in the utah legislature, which would require local property taxes to go through the state’s general fund, passes.



when utahns pay their property taxes for local schools, the money raised goes directly to their local school districts — but a bill moving through the utah legislature could redirect those dollars to a fund state lawmakers control, allowing them to use the money for other purposes.
sb37 would require school districts to deposit all property tax revenue into utah’s general fund. the state would still have to pay districts the minimum funding amount — set at $4,494 per student for fiscal year 2025 — but could use income tax revenue to do that, freeing up the local property tax dollars for other state purposes.
the bill’s sponsor, sen. lincoln fillmore, r-south jordan, argued the bill “establishes a framework to provide additional resources to expanding school districts by redirecting revenue from districts with declining student enrollments.”
“while we are protecting education funding in this bill, it also allows the state the flexibility to be able to make sure that we can adequately fund other priorities like social services, transportation, public safety,” fillmore said.
however, education organizations say there’s no guarantee those local property tax dollars would make it back to schools.
“this is just dishonest,” said lexi cunningham, executive director of the utah school superintendents association and the associate executive director of the utah school boards association.
“putting it in the general fund, that is money that the legislators control, and then they can decide what to do with that money. … it may or may not go to education,” cunningham said.
during a house revenue and taxation committee hearing on sb37, several district administrators, school board members and educators spoke against it.
“i still have concerns about local control,” linda hanks, a member of the juab school board, said thursday. “as those local funds come in, whether it’s at the base basic rate or the local levy rate, why shouldn’t those revenues be kept within the community?”
fillmore countered that the bill would not change local control over the funds.
“it does not touch any property tax levy that is initiated by a local school district,” fillmore said. “it does not change the timing, the amount or the permitted uses of any education dollars that school districts will receive.“
the house committee passed sb37 unanimously thursday. the bill has already cleared the senate, so if the full house passes it, it would then go to gov. spencer cox.



(christopher cherrington  |  the salt lake tribune)


how schools are funded in utah
utah’s minimum school program (msp) is the primary way the state funds k-12 public education. it ensures that all schools receive a baseline level of funding, regardless of local wealth, by combining state and local tax revenues.
here’s how it works:
each year, the state sets a “weighted pupil unit” (wpu), which determines a minimum amount of money spent for each student. schools receive funding based on the number of students they serve, with adjustments for factors like grade level and special education needs.
there are other funds the state distributes that are not included in the msp or the wpu, but these are the primary funding mechanisms.
school districts must levy a basic property tax rate, which helps fund the msp. if a district’s local property tax revenue isn’t enough to meet the per-student minimum, the state provides extra funds to make up the difference.
these additional funds come from revenue raised through the state’s income tax. and while the money in the state’s general fund can be used for any purpose lawmakers choose, the utah constitution limits the uses of income tax revenue to three areas: public education, higher education, and services for children and individuals with disabilities.
last year, lawmakers tried to pass amendment a to remove that earmark from the utah constitution. that amendment would have let the legislature use income tax revenue for “other state needs,” but only after meeting the minimum per-student funding requirements.
lawmakers had hoped voters would decide on amendment a in last november’s election. however, a judge voided the amendment, ruling the legislature violated another part of the utah constitution — article xxiii — that requires ballot language be published in newspapers statewide at least two months before an election.
how does sb37 change school funding?
when local property taxes are collected in november, each county deposits that revenue into a “public treasurer’s investment fund,” which school districts can access.
this fund allows districts to earn interest on local property tax revenue, currently at a rate of about 4.5%. eventually, though, districts spend these funds, along with state revenue, leaving their coffers low by the following year, said alan kearsley, business administrator for the salt lake city school district.
“but we get a boost when the next year’s tax bill arrives,” kearsley said.
if sb37 were to become law, local property tax revenue wouldn’t go directly into that investment fund. instead, it would go into the state’s general fund. the state board of education would have 35 days after receiving the money to transfer an equivalent amount — taken from the income tax fund, not the general fund — into each district’s investment account.
“the bill is essentially taking our income tax dollars, funding the weighted pupil unit and freeing up property tax dollars to be used for general state purposes,” said todd hauber, business administrator for the granite school district.
the intent of amendment a, hauber said, “was to be able to access income tax revenue after public education commitments were taken care of. … that’s where this starts to feel the same.”
an effort to ‘equalize’
some districts generate much higher property tax revenues and don’t need state funding, while others, particularly rural districts, depend heavily on state contributions.
fillmore argued thursday that sb37 will help the state equalize funding across districts.
fillmore highlighted the park city school district, saying it generates nearly $13,000 per student in local property tax revenue — more than double the current weighted pupil unit.
“in the alpine school district, that number is about $800 per student,” fillmore said. “this would treat all school districts equally from that standpoint.”
under the current system, when districts generate more than the wpu requires, the money goes back to the state, which helps supplement its portion of the minimum school program for other districts, hauber said.
fillmore added the bill would allow property tax-poor districts to benefit from interest accrued by wealthier ones.
“we recognize the intent of the [bill] is to minimize the interest lost to local school districts,” said randy upton, business administrator of the park city school district, “but until we know the mechanics of how that would play out, we remain concerned.”
a ‘volatile’ source of revenue
hauber said the proposed system “works so long as there are more income tax dollars coming into the revenue picture.”
however, lawmakers have cut income taxes for four consecutive years, and are set to do so again for a fifth time. the 2024 utah legislature passed sb69, lowering the income tax rate from 4.65% to 4.55% percent, representing $167 million in cuts.
this session, a lawmaker has introduced hb106, which proposes lowering the rate even further to 4.45%, another $195 million in cuts. that bill has yet to have a hearing in the house.
cunningham, at the utah school superintendents association, said property taxes are a “stable” source of revenue for districts, while income tax is “volatile,” as lawmakers continue to make cuts every year.
she added that sb37 could sow division between local school boards and their communities. residents pay property taxes expecting to support schools, she said, but their money “may or may not” be used for that purpose.
“taxpayers have a right to know where their tax dollars are going,” cunningham said, adding that, at the end of the day, it’s school boards who have to answer to their communities.
cunningham added, “let our local board members and our local districts make these decisions.”




source: utah news





posted on february 15, 2025as faith-based programs teach sex ed in utah’s public schools, planned parenthood may get banned 


 



a utah gop lawmaker is trying to ban planned parenthood from teaching sex ed in utah’s public schools, but allowing faith-based programs to continue.



a utah gop lawmaker is trying to ban planned parenthood from teaching sex ed in utah’s public schools, but allowing faith-based programs to continue.


source: utah news




posted on february 15, 2025utah governor signs collective bargaining ban for teachers, firefighters and police unions 


 



utah’s republican governor has signed a collective bargaining ban that experts are calling one of the most restrictive labor laws in the country, despite overwhelming opposition from union members.



salt lake city (ap) — utah’s republican governor on friday signed a collective bargaining ban that experts are calling one of the most restrictive labor laws in the country, despite overwhelming opposition from union members.
beginning july 1, unions serving utah teachers, firefighters, police officers, transit workers and other public employees will be banned from negotiating on their behalf for better wages and working conditions. 
gov. spencer cox announced his decision friday evening following a week of rallies outside his office in which thousands of union members from the public and private sector urged him to veto the bill. the republican-controlled legislature had narrowly approved it last week after its sponsors abandoned a proposed compromise that would have removed the outright ban.
“i’m disappointed that, in this case, the process did not ultimately deliver the compromise that at one point was on the table and that some stakeholders had accepted,” cox said in a statement announcing he had signed the bill.
the measure did not pass with veto-proof margins, meaning that if cox had rejected it, republican supporters would have needed to pull in more support to override his veto.
utah joins north carolina and south carolina as the most restrictive states for public sector unions, said john logan, a labor expert at san francisco state university.
many educators, who are the state’s most frequent users of collective bargaining, view the new law as way for republicans to curb the political influence of teachers unions and clear a path for their own education agenda. 
its gop sponsors argued it was needed to allow employers to engage directly with all employees, instead of communicating through a union representative.
the utah education association, the state’s largest public education employees’ union, criticized cox for ignoring the many workers who urged him to issue a veto. the union is exploring a possible ballot referendum to try to overturn the law, though the effort would come with a high price tag.
“despite overwhelming opposition, governor spencer cox and the legislature ignored the voices of thousands,” the union said in a statement. “this is a blatant attack on public employees and our right to advocate for the success of our profession and students.”
cox’s decision comes as president donald trump is working to gut the u.s. education department to the greatest extent of his power by slashing spending and pressuring employees to quit.
the governor signed another bill friday prohibiting transgender college students from living in dorms consistent with their gender identity. 
students at the state’s public colleges and universities will only be allowed to enter or live in a gendered space, such as a dorm building, locker room or bathroom, that corresponds with their sex assigned at birth. it’s the first transgender restriction explicitly aimed at university housing, though some states have broad bathroom laws that could be interpreted to apply to dorms.


source: utah news




posted on february 15, 2025bill armstrong and andré tourigny assess utah hockey club at 4 nations face-off break 


 



internally, gm bill armstrong and coach andré tourigny set a goal of playing meaningful games and being in the playoff hunt in march and april. a 14-game losing streak scuttled those plans in january …



preseason predictions for utah hockey club varied widely. some media outlets had the team making the stanley cup playoffs in its first season of existence; others had the uhc deep in the pool of nhl draft lottery teams.
internally, gm bill armstrong and coach andré tourigny set a goal of playing meaningful games and being in the playoff hunt in march and april. a 14-game losing streak scuttled those plans in january and february of 2024, so the players and coaches vowed to learn from that slide and not replicate it.
despite a litany of injuries to key players, utah (24-23-9) entered the 4 nations face-off break having won three of its past four games. that kept the team within six points of the vancouver canucks for the final wild card spot in the western conference.
we caught up with armstrong and tourigny for their assessment of the team at the break. we also looked down the road at the team’s trade-deadline plans, and the goal for the remaining 26 games of the regular season.
how do your preseason expectations of the team’s performance sync with the current reality?
bill armstrong: “i saw a couple things online the other day where people were comparing us to last year (seven points better this year through the same number of games). the big difference is that we’re banged up this year. i think that’s an important point to remember for us is we kind of overcame it, we kept in the fight despite all our injuries, and now we’re finally getting our team back and we have a chance to go battle with everybody playing.
“any time you have top guys out with injuries, it’s a battle, but i love what our team did. they didn’t roll over. they continued to fight, they found ways to hang in there, and we’re right in the race. i like where we’re at. if you come watch us play, and if you look at our analytics, you can see it starting to come. when you’re playing games in the rebuild and you’re not close to coming out of it, you’re beating teams because you play back-up goaltenders, and you steal games once in a while when nobody’s looking. everybody sees us coming now but we’re still in games. that’s a good sign.”
andré tourigny: “we’re in the fight and that’s where we wanted to be. if you would have told me that this is where we would stand at this point with the injuries we have had, i would have taken that any day and now we’re getting healthy.
“the first portion of the schedule was demanding for us so we’re going into the second half with a lot of hope. we just beat the best team in the east (washington) on a back-to-back where they were sitting home waiting for us. i’m really happy about the way the boys fought in that last week before the break to get us some big points.”
what is your assessment of the development of the 25-and-under player group that includes logan cooley, dylan guenther, barrett hayton, jack mcbain, josh doan, matias maccelli and michael kesselring?
bill armstrong: “one really good thing you can say about our club is that the guys that needed to take a step as young players have. they’re driving forces for us every single night. people forget that we were in the draft, getting a lot of those guys just a couple years ago. now they’re having an impact on the ice for us in a special way. there’s more work to be done. they’re still improving and they still have to get better every time they get on the ice, but what i like about our group is that it’s powered by our young guys.
“logan’s really come along with this two-way game. he always played dynamic offensively, but i think he works on both sides of the puck now. it’s not easy playing center in the national hockey league. he’s playing against the big boys, sitting on the no. 1 line every night, but i love what he’s done with his game. he’s added some more finish to his game, too, and he has continued to get stronger and faster. he’s unique. he’s got a chance to be a no. 1 center if he continues to make progress.
“and with dylan, from the get-go, he’s been good. when he’s out of our lineup, we miss his goals. it’s the difference between winning or losing when that guy is in our lineup. he’s somebody that’s always attacked it and always tried to get better. he’s obviously got a natural shot. the way it comes off his stick, i think it’s hard for goaltenders to pick up. when he’s on, he’s a difference maker for us, and i think he’s worked to be more consistent this year with his game, and you can see it almost every night that he has an impact for us.”
andré tourigny: “we’re happy about the progression of those young guys. i think they have hit their stride. you never know if they will have a sophomore slump or something like that, but to be honest, right now, that’s a strong point of our season; the young guys. the performance of cools, the performance of gunner, all the guys you mentioned. i think doaner had a strong training camp, a strong start, and then faded a little bit, but he’s back with us and playing really well.
“with dylan, i think he’s even better than before he got hurt — seriously. it’s a challenge sometimes for young guys to not get carried away with trying to produce and going away from the little details in their game. but since he’s back, he is really detailed, playing really good on his 200-foot game.
“it depends where we draw the line on young players, but the progression of michael kesselring has been good, too, and he’s a young nhl player. we talked about hayts before and how valuable he has been. jack mcbain has had a great progression. that young core had a really good first half.”
what has been the impact of the offseason or in-season additions including mikhail sergachev, john marino, ian cole, olli määttä and kevin stenlund?
bill armstrong: “well, first off, it’s been great to see sergachev in there. he’s been a huge piece of our team; what we envisioned when we went and got him. with marino coming back, he’s added a lot already and we got olli määttä and nick desimone on the back end, too, so we’ve had some good additions for our team that have had some impact. we haven’t had all the pieces in place to see exactly how good we are. “that’ll be the interesting part down the stretch. there’s a good chance now, with everyone coming back fully healthy, that we can see how good we can be.”
andré tourigny: “sergey is obviously the key piece with the minutes and situations he plays. john marino just arrived in the lineup but he has had a significant impact right away.
“but we need to talk about olli määttä because it’s tough to imagine where we’d be without that addition. he bridged the gap. he was a rock for us in tough times where the schedule was tough, opponents were tough, injuries were there, and he came up big. he has been tremendous for us in terms of playing the right way and settling our team down and sending the right message.
“our pk since mid-december is tops in the league. stenny (stenlund) and kerfie (alex kerfoot) are two forwards who are near the top of the league in terms of minutes played on the pk (third and fourth). i know kerfie’s not new to the team, but those guys have been exactly what the doctor prescribed.”
what is your assessment of the over-25 middle core that includes clayton keller, lawson crouse and nick schmaltz?
bill armstrong: “kells has been steady, but some of those guys have had struggles getting going. i think those guys have found different ways to help out the team, but i don’t think it’s perfect. we’d like to see more points from them, but i do like the way that they’ve played and embraced our team, whether it’s blocking shots or playing good defense or just helping out when they can. i’m a firm believer that if you play the right way, good things will eventually happen so i think that it will click at some point in time — hopefully down the stretch here because we need those guys to be big for us. we haven’t had as much secondary scoring as we had in the past, but that’s also because our young guys have taken a little bit more ice time, too.”
andré tourigny: “there’s a group there that has not produced as much as last year. having that said, guys like matias and crouser are in a different situation than last year and i could have told you that would be the case out of the training camp. look at all the minutes those guys played last year versus the minutes they’ve played this year. don’t tell me if i play 20 or 25 percent less, and in different situations, that will not affect my production. crouser is playing three minutes per game less. it’s different. it’s an adjustment and you see that in a lot of teams where you bring young players in and now you play a different role.
“adding more depth to our team and having the growth of the young guys means more competition for ice time, competition for the minutes you want to be on the ice. lawson crouse used to play a lot in the pk and it helped him keep his legs moving. now stenny is there and took his ice time a little bit. same thing for hayts playing a little bit on the pk now. it’s a period of adjustment for those guys who lost a little bit of something.”
how has clayton keller handled the responsibility of being a captain?
andré tourigny: “i think he’s done a really good job. i don’t want to brag, but i think the organization did a really good job of doing it at the right time. i know we had a lot of questions in the past like, ‘why not now?’ but we gave everybody the opportunity to grow, to get more mature, to get more experience, to be prepared to talk about different situations. i think kells has handled it really well, from taking responsibility and taking ownership to stepping up at the right time. he’s way more mature as a person than three years ago. he was ready for this.”
what is your view of the goaltending tandem now that connor ingram has rejoined the lineup?
bill armstrong: “i love going at it with two goaltenders. i love the fact that both of them have had their time where they’ve done good things. it’s going to be key for us to have both those guys really clicking on all cylinders coming down the stretch. with ingy injured, sometimes veggie has had to hang in there and keep us going and he’s done that. he stole a game for us the other night. he was unbelievable. they’ve both had their moments. now we’ve kind of got to fine-tune that coming down the stretch and see if they can be two really solid goaltenders for us.”
andré tourigny: “we have a good nhl goalie in the net every night. there will be periods where veggie will be on the better streak. there will be periods where ingy will be on the better streak. remember at the start of the season when ingy was winning every game and people wondered if veggie would play? i was laughing and i was saying, ‘settle down. it’s a long season. it’s a marathon.’ there will be bumps in the road, and now you see veggie has played a majority of the games. but there’s a lot of play ahead of us.”
you have six games remaining before the march 7 (1 p.m. mt) trade deadline: what’s the plan?
bill armstrong: “well, we’re still in the fight. we made a lot of our trades, more or less in the summer or in the fall, so our team is built to some degree. we’ve got to see what they can do, but i’ll probably have more to comment on as we come up to the deadline and see where we’re at. it’s a grind right now, but it’s a good grind. this is exactly where we want to be.”
andré tourigny: “i’m not concerned about that. what i’m concerned with is winning games. everybody in the organization wants to win so we decide — the coaches and players — what happens at the deadline. if we’re in it, i know what will happen, and if we’re not in it, well, they will have to make decisions.
“but if we come out of the break and we win our games and we’re in by the trade deadline, or we’re two points out, what do you think will happen? i know. the fans know. the reporters know. the gm knows. the owner knows. and it’s like that on every team in the league. we just need to put our foot in the door, and then we know what will happen.”
what do you hope to see over the remaining 26 games?
bill armstrong: “like i said before, i want to see us get healthy so we know what we’ve got before we do anything. with cooley coming back, you’re getting mcbain into the third [center] hole and hayton has played well in the no. 2 slot. i think our guys are super excited about getting on that ice and playing together for the first time. here we are in february and we’re finally gonna get that chance.
“it’s hard to evaluate the team. our whole team hasn’t been in there so you don’t know what you have in some circumstances. we want to do a little bit of evaluation where everybody’s playing together and you get guys in the right holes. we’ve got a chance to get everybody into the right minutes, the right holes, and see where we build from there.”
if this team stays in the hunt and still doesn’t make the playoffs, is that progress?andré tourigny: “if we stay in the hunt, yes, absolutely, it is progress. last year at this date, we were out. but there’s way more to it. if you looked at all the underlying numbers last year, everything was in the red all the time, even when we were winning games. now it’s different. now we’re fighting to be top-10, top-15 in underlying numbers; sometimes top of the league. look at almost every game. with 10 minutes to go it was either tied or up or down a goal. we’re there every night. for sure, that’s progress, but it doesn’t mean anything if we don’t play well in the second half.”
do you have a sense of when cooley and durzi will be back? 
bill armstrong: “i think we’ve got a chance coming out of the break to have everybody back.”
what do you make of all the rumors noting your ample cap space and the ability to spend big money this offseason in free agency?
bill armstrong: “i just want to make sure that everybody knows that if we spend all the money this year, that means we’re tied into it for the next how many years and then we don’t have any options to finish off the team when it’s time. it’s about spending money properly.
“our ownership will spend money. if it’s sergachev, they’re gonna go spend the money, but they’re not just gonna spend it to spend it and then all of a sudden we don’t have any room on the cap and we’re screwed. we’re gonna spend it, but we’re gonna spend it properly.”


source: utah news




posted on february 14, 2025utah lawmakers are banking on a nuclear energy future. here’s how they’re laying the groundwork. 


 



one bill that sailed through the state house of representatives with unanimous approval would facilitate future nuclear development.



utah gov. spencer cox wants nuclear energy to power the beehive state. and halfway through this year’s legislative session, utah lawmakers have signaled they feel the same way. 
hb249, sponsored by rep. carl albrecht, r-richfield, would lay the groundwork for a nuclear-powered future in utah. the bill sailed through the state house with unanimous approval and is working its way through the senate. 
“we need to be on the cutting edge as the state of utah, as we are on a lot of things, and start down this nuclear path,” albrecht said about his bill in january, “to make us an energy leader in the west and the united states.”


gov. cox announced “operation gigawatt” last fall, a plan to double utah’s energy production within the next decade, to fight what he calls the state’s “looming energy crisis.” this year, he wants to put $20.4 million toward developing infrastructure for nuclear power as part of that plan. 
albrecht’s bill, if it passes, could help achieve cox’s goal.
the 25-page bill would establish the nuclear energy consortium to advise the utah office of energy development and the legislature on nuclear energy development. 
the legislation would also help create “electrical energy development zones,” areas designated by the state for new energy development projects. 
utah counties and municipalities would be able to apply to create a zone in their community as long as their applications include a development plan, projected local economic benefits and evidence of local support. those counties and municipalities would have to give some of the tax revenue generated by an electrical energy development zone to the state.
the bill also forms the utah energy council to review those applications and ease development of other energy projects in the state like power plants, transmission lines and energy storage facilities. the council will include representatives from the legislature, office of energy development and gov. cox’s office and can put money towards projects from the energy development investment fund, which the bill also creates. 
in a statement, cox said that the bill “represents a critical step forward in solving one of the great challenges of our time: energy security.”
creating the energy consortium and state energy council, cox said, will bring industry leaders and policymakers together to “advance nuclear power as a reliable, safe, and clean energy source.”
“nuclear power, particularly advanced, small modular reactors (smrs), offers a promising path to meet our growing energy demands while reducing emissions and making utah a national energy exporter,” cox said. “i’m grateful for the legislature’s leadership on this issue and i support hb 249 as a key component of a future of energy abundance, built here.”
katelyn balakir, a policy associate with the nonprofit healthy environment alliance (heal) of utah, voiced concerns about the utah energy council when hb249 was discussed in committee. 
the council, she said, would have “the authority to spend taxpayer dollars,” but its “members are appointed and therefore not directly accountable to the public.”
the council should discuss potential energy solutions, like nuclear, “in the public forum before authorizing taxpayer dollars to be spent by an unelected council.”
albrecht acknowledged that it will take time to get nuclear power going in utah. the bill, he said on the house floor feb. 5, is “a bridge to get us from where we are to somewhere down the road, 10 to 12 years, to nuclear facilities in the state of utah.”
and while his bill is named “nuclear power amendments,” he said the legislation could open doors to other energy development in the state, like natural gas, battery storage, wind, solar or geothermal. 
but some utah communities don’t want nuclear development in their backyards — at least, not yet. 
eagle mountain, utah’s third-fastest growing city, in january considered allowing small nuclear reactors, natural gas power plants and battery storage systems by altering their city code. but a host of local residents spoke against the proposed change.
balakir, in her comments during committee, added that “past nuclear energy projects in utah should serve as a cautionary tale for the importance of transparency, especially around cost and investment decisions.” 
she referred to the cost of nuclear development — nuclear is among the most expensive power sources — and the failure of the carbon free power project. utah associated municipal power systems gave up on that project in 2023, which was a plan to power 27 communities with small nuclear reactors by 2029.
sen. mike mckell, r-spanish fork, also said he believes nuclear power “will be part of our energy solution” when introducing his own bill, sb216.
that legislation would streamline the expansion of nuclear waste facilities in the state, like energysolutions’ clive disposal facility located 75 miles west of salt lake city. casey hill, a lobbyist for energysolutions, said the radioactive waste storage facility is running out of room for the waste it can accept during a committee hearing for the bill. 
the clive site currently accepts low-level radioactive waste, which doesn’t include spent nuclear fuel. mckell’s bill also proposes that radioactive waste facility owners pay a tax on the waste they receive. the revenue from that tax would fund new energy development across the state. 
sb216 passed out of the senate natural resources, agriculture, and environment committee on feb. 5, but it has not yet cleared the full senate.


source: utah news




posted on february 14, 2025utah theater production explores the lesser-known aspects of utes legend watura ‘kilo-wat’ misaka 


 



that’s the task aaron asano swenson, a first-time playwright, had at hand as he embarked on writing “kilo-wat,” a play about university of utah men’s basketball legend watura “kilo-wat” misaka — the …



how does someone do justice to the legacy of a larger-than-life local sports figure?
that’s the task aaron asano swenson, a first-time playwright, had at hand as he embarked on writing “kilo-wat,” a play about university of utah men’s basketball legend watura “kilo-wat” misaka — the point guard who led the 1944 utes team all the way to an ncaa championship win.
for asano swenson, it started with exploring a simple question: “where does the legend end and the story begin?”
“how do we get through sort of what’s become the prevailing narrative,” asano swenson said, “to the stuff that lets us maybe see something about this person, or about the story, that we haven’t had a chance to see?”
the answers asano swenson found will come to light friday, when “kilo-wat” premieres at plan-b theatre in salt lake city. the final production is a one-man show produced in partnership with utahpresents.


misaka’s rise to fame came during a dark period in the nation’s history, at the height of world war ii when japanese-americans were being incarcerated at concentration camps throughout the united states. (one such camp, topaz, was in delta, utah.)
misaka — who, along with his family, was spared from being forced to an internment camp — would go on to break the color barrier in professional basketball when he became the first non-white player in the basketball association of america, which later merged with another league to become the national basketball association.
swenson, who concedes he is not a sports fan, said when jerry rapier of plan-b theatre approached him about writing this play, he decided to approach the story from a point of general curiosity, not one of sports history.
“since it was going to be a piece of theater, rather than a piece of sports journalism,” asano swenson said, “i wanted to keep that in mind and just remember that there are things that theater can do … particularly well.”
connecting with japanese-american roots
asano swenson is a fourth-generation japanese-american, but his family never spoke about what they went through during world war ii. working on “kilo-wat” encouraged the playwright to look into his family’s history.
“suddenly my own personal history overlapped with this,” he said.
asano swenson’s maternal grandparents met just before they were detained in separate camps in california and arkansas.
“[they] continued their courtship through letters while they were incarcerated,” asano swenson said. afterward, they were married in brigham city and lived in northern utah while misaka was playing college basketball.
“[the play] definitely lit the fire under me to reach out to family members who are still alive and still with me to get an oral history going,” asano swenson said.
in his script, asano swenson hits on the contrast of misaka’s rise to fame during a traumatic period for japanese-americans. the play is set through the lens of a fictional podcast called “this asian american life,” hosted by japanese-american podcaster kenji kushida (played by bryan kido), who unravels the different threads of misaka’s life.



(sharah meservy) bryan kido acts in plan b theatre's "kilo-wat."


kushida shares details about misaka’s family, the anti-japanese sentiment they faced, his basketball career, and also misaka’s military service, which asano swenson said didn’t come up in many interviews.
after winning the ncaa championship, the utes came home for a three-day parade, welcomed by thousands of people at the train station. when misaka got off the train, his mother had his u.s. army draft notice in hand.
after the war, misaka interviewed survivors of the nagasaki and hiroshima bombings. asano swenson found transcripts and handwritten reports of these interviews.
the reports helped answer one of asano swenson’s biggest questions — how misaka, who at that time was 21 or 22, felt about gathering this information from people who looked like him and had just suffered from such a colossal tragedy.
asano swenson details how misaka felt conflicted about the experience in a portion of the play that cobbles together thoughts the basketball star expressed over the years.
“the u.s. army thought that somehow it would make it easier, if it were people [of] japanese descent conducting these interviews,” asano swenson said. “the alienation and disorientation of that entire situation just blew my mind, and that ended up being something that i wanted to look into.”
folklore and facts
the play includes specific nods to japanese culture — like the use of a hyōshigi, a musical instrument that is made of two pieces of hardwood connected together by a rope. some of the script is in japanese, too.
asano swenson said he used these cultural aspects as a way to explore the distinction between facts, folklore, myths and legends.
“legends come from facts. they’re based in something that actually happened, and then gradually magnify, to illustrate moral lessons [or] embody culture,” asano swenson said. “the distinction between those gets really interesting when you’re looking at a story like this, where so many people participate in the living, retelling and hearing of the story. they all have different expectations for what it’s going to be.”
floyd mori, who once served as the national president for the japanese american citizens league, the oldest asian american civil rights organization in the u.s., witnessed the legend firsthand.
“like many kids, i had my heroes in sports, and of course, wat was number one,” mori said. “being a period of time right after world war ii [it] was very unusual to see [misaka] and very inspiring to people like me.”
eventually, mori met and befriended misaka, and was even with misaka the day he died in november 2019.
“[he] was always a hero in the japanese-american community,” mori said.
“kilo-wat” is sold out and will show through sunday. to join the waitlist, call utahpresents at 801-581-7100.


source: utah news





posted on february 14, 2025the battle for utah’s public lands 


 



utah’s fight for control of 18.5 million acres continues, raising questions about conservation, local economies and the future of america’s public lands.



utah’s fight for control of 18.5 million acres continues, raising questions about conservation, local economies and the future of america’s public lands.


source: utah news




posted on february 14, 2025opinion: lighting the way for bereaved children — a call to action from utah to the nation 


 



connecting bereaved children with essential resources can change lives. gov. spencer cox and john bridgeland explain how utah is setting an example for the nation.



connecting bereaved children with essential resources can change lives. gov. spencer cox and john bridgeland explain how utah is setting an example for the nation.


source: utah news




posted on february 13, 2025human remains found in submerged car identified as utah man who vanished on the way to family’s cabin in 2004 


 



authorities have confirmed that the remains found in a submerged car in a utah reservoir belong to a man who disappeared more than 20 years ago.



authorities have confirmed that the remains found in a submerged car in a utah reservoir belong to a man who disappeared more than 20 years ago.


source: utah news




posted on february 13, 2025utah now has more than 3.5 million residents — but population growth has slowed 


 



no longer the state with the highest birth rates in the u.s., utah’s population continues to grow — but slowly.



utah’s population has officially surpassed 3.5 million, but growth in the state has slowed overall.
a new report released wednesday from the kem c. gardner policy institute at the university of utah estimated that the state added more than 50,000 new residents from july 2023 through july 2024. and while population growth continued, it was down to .1% from 2023, from 1.6% two years ago to 1.5% last year.
migration to the state and natural increase — the number of annual births minus annual deaths — contributed almost equally to population growth in utah, with net migration accounting for 52% of new residents and natural increase accounting for 48%, according to the report. utah’s net migration — which subtracts the number of people moving out of the state from those who move in — was slightly more than 26,000 in 2024, down from more than 31,000 in 2023.
the rate of natural increase, meanwhile, did not change for the first time in over ten years.



(christopher cherrington  |  the salt lake tribune)


salt lake county, however, bucked trends across the state, with 57% of its population growth driven by natural increase, a change from a 51% majority net migration increase in the county in 2023.
“utah’s recent shift from natural increase to net migration as the primary source of growth represents a continuation of covid-19 trends, though this year’s data shows a slowing of that initial post-pandemic pattern,” the report read. “these estimates reflect a continuation of slowing after the fast growth exhibited earlier in the decade.”
in the mid-2010s, utah’s population grew significantly and was up more than 2% a year for several years in a row. that increase slowed from 2018 through 2020, but increased again in 2021. it has fallen in the years since.


piute county, which has an estimated 1,649 residents, saw the highest amount of change in the state, with a 5.3% population increase. next, with a 3.1% population increase, tooele county added 5,000 new residents, up from a 2.2% increase in the country in 2023. utah and washington counties both saw 3.0% increases, while several others grew by more than 2.0%, including rich (2.9%), iron (2.8%), juab (2.7%), and wasatch (2.3%).
“utah county has been the largest driver of statewide growth for the last five years and accounts for 43% of the population increase in 2024,” the gardner report read. “salt lake (24%), washington (12%), and tooele (5%) counties also contributed large shares of state growth in 2024.”
eight counties, meanwhile, lost population — including daggett, emery, carbon, sevier, uintah, garfield, summit, and kane. six counties — carbon, garfield, daggett, wayne, piute, and rich — had more deaths than births from 2023 to 2024.



(christopher cherrington  |  the salt lake tribune)


“typically, slower-growing counties are fueled by natural increase, with less or negative net migration, and faster-growing counties are fueled more by net migration,” the report read. “in 2024, net migration drove growth in 11 counties, a drop from last year when 17 counties’ growth were fueled by net migration. of the 11 counties with large shares of net migration, 8 of them had growth rates higher than the state.”
once the state with the highest birth rate in the united states, a 2022 gardner report found utah fourth in fertility rates across the country, and republican gov. spencer cox has repeatedly raised concerns about the state’s declining birth rate. “it’s not our thing anymore,” he said at the utah valley growth and prosperity summit last november. “no one has figured out why the world has stopped having babies yet, but we are trending off a demographic cliff.”
still, a gardner report from last fall estimated that utah’s population will grow by an additional 500,000 people from 2024 through 2033, with an average annual growth rate of 1.5%. “the short-term projections indicate continued statewide population growth driven by a nearly 50/50 split between natural increase and net migration out to 2033,” gardner’s director of demographic research mallory bateman said in a statement at the time. “continued economic growth largely drives this migration of new residents to utah.”
this population growth may also mean that utah could earn a fifth congressional seat in the 2030 redistricting, several groups that follow reapportionment told the salt lake tribune in november. the gardner institute has said they expect much of that growth to be concentrated in the wasatch front.
this story is developing and may be updated.


source: utah news




posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 16
next page  








			search for:		


  
		search	



recent posts


your property taxes pay for your local schools. utah lawmakers might change that.


as faith-based programs teach sex ed in utah’s public schools, planned parenthood may get banned


utah governor signs collective bargaining ban for teachers, firefighters and police unions


bill armstrong and andré tourigny assess utah hockey club at 4 nations face-off break


utah lawmakers are banking on a nuclear energy future. here’s how they’re laying the groundwork.


recent commentsarchives

february 2025
january 2025

categories

sponsors

utah news









		proudly powered by wordpress	





 






































































































































































