



greater miami conference

































gmc:newsathletes of weekcollege commitmentsall sports trophystate championshistoryby-laws



                        news





dick's sporting goods honors wrestling standouts

dick's sporting goods honors the outstanding achievements in 2025 gmc wrestling.  specifically recognizing the achievements of the conference "wrestler of the year" demarco kates from colerain and the "coach of the year" bryan pennix from thelakota east thunderhawks. both awards were especially meaningful because they voted on by the gmc head coaches.
demarco kates is a three-time all-gmc performer and two-time gmc champion.  demarco currently owns a lofty 30-4 season record and earned his gmc title with a fall over mason's jack hayden (29-10),  in 1:36.
demarco kates - colerain cardinals  gmc "wrestler of the year"
(photo compliments of middletown athletic department)

gmc "coach of the year" honors were awarded to lakota east's bryan pennix by his coaching peers. his gmc champion east thunderhawks dominated the competition, outscoring second-place hamilton 203.5 to 139 points. coach pennix's program strength was on full display, with 10 wrestlers finishing in the top four across the 14 weight classes. this marks a historic milestone for the lakota east wrestling program, as it is the school's first-ever gmc wrestling title. congratulations to all!
head coach bryan pennix - lakota east  "gmc coach of the year"
(photo compliments of middletown athletic department) 




lakota west basketball manager has night of his life

matthew begley, an outstanding senior manager for the lakota west firebirds, arrived at what he thought was a normal varsity basketball game night between the firebirds and the colerain cardinals, only to find, much to his surprise, that he had been penciled into the starting lineup. in a tremendous display of sportsmanship and conference camaraderie, the colerain cardinal players and coaches embraced matthew's special moment. kudos to the lakota west firebird basketball team, and especially the coaching staff, for making this happen.
letting the wlwt video speak a million words for us is certainly appropriate:
wlwt story on matthew begley's big night 
 



princeton boys basketball captures gmc crown

in a much-anticipated late-season championship showdown between the princeton vikings and the fairfield indians, a torrent of three-pointers carried the vikings to the 2024-25 conference title. hitting 10 of 22 from beyond the arc, princeton surged out to an early lead and handed the host indians a convincing 66-41 defeat.
princeton finishes the gmc season with a 14-2 record and a 16-5 overall slate. this is the vikings' first basketball title since 2018, only their second in the past 10 years, and seventh in school history. scoring at a 60.5 points-per-game clip, the vikings led the conference in offense and also posted a stingy 47.9 defensive points-per-game average, making their average victory a double-digit affair.
princeton earned a coveted no. 2 seed in the southwest district tournament and will open tournament play on friday, february 21, at lakota west at 7:30 pm.
princeton vikings 2025 gmc champions
(photo compliments of princeton athletic department)




fairfield boys bowling perfect in winning gmc title

the fairfield indian boys bowling team left no doubt in running the table in gmc conference play, ending their season with an unblemished 9-0 league record and a 12-1 overall slate. this is their first greater miami conference championship since 2013-14 and only the second in school history. bowling at a near-record pace, the indians, led by ben carberry's 219.7 average, knocked down 955.3 pins per game, placing them strongly in the league statistics. the fairfield keglers bowled over a phenomenal total of 41,077 pins this season, second only to oak hills' 42,803, who were led by league leader tanner iles's 226.2 pins-per-game average.
fairfield indians   boys bowling  gmc champions  2025
(photo compliments of fairfield athletic department)

team members: ben carberry, brayden george, caleb griffin, dylan peters, sam richendollar, and blake stark. 
coaches: phil matteson,rob horton, and bob bowen.



oak hills girls bowling rolls to gmc title

the oak hills highlander girls bowling team achieved a perfect 9-0 record in the gmc, securing their first conference title since the 2015-16 season.  fairfield, a strong competitor, finished second with a respectable 8-1 record, their only loss to the highlanders (2075 total pins to 2015).  oak hills also boasted an impressive 13-3 overall record despite a challenging schedule.  led by ella weinmann's 166.9 average (second-best in the gmc), the team averaged 770.9 pins per game.  the highlanders knocked down a total of 37,005 pins throughout the season.
oak hills highlander girls bowling  2025 gmc champions
(photocompliments of oak hills athletic department)

the highlanders are coached by robin hoernschmeyer and team members are: emma brunner, mary bacon, layla maness, maddie broxterman, ella weinmann and anna shattuck. congratulations ladies!! 








<


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9


10


...


23


>

















links to other sites



cincy high school sports
ohsaa
ohsaa southwest district
ncaa
ncaa clearinghouse









gmc

news
athletes of week
college commitments
all sports trophy
state champions
history
by-laws



fall

football
girls volleyball
boys soccer
girls soccer
boys cross country
girls cross country
boys golf
girls golf
girls tennis



winter

boys basketball
girls basketball
wrestling
boys swimming
girls swimming
boys bowling
girls bowling
chess
academic



spring

baseball
softball
boys track
girls track
boys tennis
boys volleyball
boys lacrosse
girls lacrosse





schools

colerain
hamilton
lakota west
middletown
princeton



 

fairfield
lakota east
mason
oak hills
sycamore






                    powered by sidtools from sports websoft.
                
build:
                    2025.02.660





