

























guided bike tours, bicycle tour vacations: europe & s. america



























































 















 














our bicycle toursdestinationsby datetour stylestour levelsnew to experienceplus!?choosing the best tourwhat to expect on tourfaqsabout uscontact


















searchsearch





 






 








extraordinary bicyclingvacations
in europe & latin america









find a tour 

destination
destination

europe

select all europe
austria
belgium
croatia
czech republic
denmark
france
germany
greece
hungary
italy
netherlands
norway
poland
portugal
slovakia
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
united kingdom

latin america

select all latin america
argentina
chile

caribbean

select all caribbean
cuba






date
date


all months
mar 2025
apr 2025
may 2025
jun 2025
jul 2025
aug 2025
sep 2025
oct 2025
nov 2025
dec 2025
jan 2026
feb 2026
may 2026
jun 2026
aug 2026
sep 2026
nov 2026






tour style
tour style


all styles
classic
bike and boat
gravel explorer
expedition
self-guided






tour level
tour level


all levels
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
5.0






search


















prefer to plan ahead? 

schedule a call



talk with an expert about a bike tour with experienceplus!
reach us from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. mountain time zone
united states & canada: 970-484-8489 or 1-800-685-4565international: +1 970 484-8489












the best way to experience the world is on a bicycle










gallery item image. ride at your own pace





                            ride at your own pace                        

navigation is easy and self-paced with chalk arrows leading the way on all but gravel explorer and self-guided tours. start and stop where you want. when you want. never worry about keeping up. 





gallery item image. connect with people and places





                            connect with people and places                        

cultures, languages, and history come alive as you travel with local tour leaders and fellow cyclists who like to savor and enjoy the journey. 





gallery item image. leave your cares behind





                            leave your cares behind                        

imagine a trip where everything is taken care of so you can spend more time biking and less time worrying. 












choose the best tour for you




























 






why travel by bicycle with us?
traveling with experienceplus! can launch a rewarding, lifetime love for seeing and experiencing the world by bicycle. on a bike tour you will pedal quiet roads, secluded bike paths, and carefully curated routes at your own pace. travel under the guidance and care of professional tour leaders who joyfully share a love for their homeland while seamlessly managing daily logistics so you can relax, ride, and make meaningful connections with both people and places along the way.  

meet our team


















what’s your style of touring?









gallery item image. get on a bike, follow the arrows, and leave your cares behind.



                                                                                    classic                                        
                                                                            





                            get on a bike, follow the arrows, and leave your cares behind.                        

for those who like to pedal point to point on paved roads and explore “classic” cycling destinations and hidden gems only the locals know. 





gallery item image. feel like a kid again.



                                                                                    gravel explorer                                        
                                                                            





                            feel like a kid again.                        

for riders seeking back roads, vistas and sites that are only accessible through a fun combination of pavement, dirt and hard packed gravel roads. 





gallery item image. bike on land. sleep on water. unpack once.



                                                                                    bike & boat                                        
                                                                            





                            bike on land. sleep on water. unpack once.                        

for those who want a classic touring experience and love sleeping on water, unpacking once and exploring coastlines and quiet inland roads. 





gallery item image. bicycle from hamburg to copenhagen



                                                                                    self-guided                                        
                                                                            





                            choose your dates and leave the logistics to us.                        

for those who have an independent spirit, want the flexibility to choose their own dates, and don’t need a van and guides to show them the way. 





gallery item image. meet cyclists who love epic journeys.



                                                                                    expedition                                        
                                                                            





                            meet cyclists who love epic journeys.                        

the expedition style was born from a passion for traversing continents with like-minded cyclists who delight in the unexpected and enjoy the long haul. 





compare all tour styles











 

 just completed a gravel explorer tour with ep in the algarve region of portugal. once again the routes selected for this tour were spectacular.read moreread less 
  j. morris10/22/2024 



 best bike tour company out there – just got back from greece and it was such a lovely tour. great tour leaders, boat, cycling, and food.read moreread less 
  l. sutula10/16/2024 



 i recently returned from an experienceplus bike and barge tour from amsterdam to burge. this was our first tour with experienceplus and we are already planning to book another. we had an amazing time on this well organized tour with caring professional guides. i highly recommend experienceplus tours and especially this specific tour.read moreread less 
  l. kotsides8/01/2024 



 i recently returned from the brittany & normandy plus bayeux and d-day beaches trip. what an incredible experience. i recommend experienceplus! bicycle tours to anyone who can give it a shot!read moreread less 
  k. wirth6/28/2024 



 if you plan to tour europe by bicycle you could not find a better group to accomplish that. they provide quality equiptment and great people. this was my second tour with them and compared to other folks i have ridden with they are far and away superior. you could not make a better choice. they refrain from hand holding and allow you to experience what you are there for.read moreread less 
  m. gabbard6/25/2024 



 first trip with ex plus! loved it, the relaxed nature of staff, knowledge of area, great hotels, restaurants and side trips! i’ve already signed up for another trip in 2025!!read moreread less 
  r. howard6/18/2024 



 our bike tour was trough beautiful portugal, the tour guides were professional, personable and extremely helpful.  the hotel accommodations were first class and the provided meals were great.  i highly recommend  experience plus tours!read moreread less 
  c. martella6/09/2024 



 just returned from an outstanding bike tour of sicily with experienceplus. tour leaders were knowledgeable and friendly. the routes were varied and took us on little-used roads to lovely villages. car traffic was extremely courteous and safe. the ancient history in sicily was largely unknown to us and very interesting. history, excellent food, good routing and terrific guides: that’s what we look for in our biking.read moreread less 
  t. gustafson5/25/2024 



 my third organized ride with experienceplus. biked coastal croatia and dalmatia for 12 days. tremendous experience, i highly recommend experienceplus co. it was for me a 5 star event from beginning to end, they exceeded all of my expectations again. already planning two other trips with them. having had other experiences with big name companies, i can say with no hesitation experienceplus is unbeatable in every aspect from initial planning to the quality of bikes, tour leaders, the generosity at dining events, to the last hugs and ciao ciao’s, with watery eyes in most of the participants. i really don’t think it can get any better. bravo experienceplus👏.read moreread less 
  b. bakhtian5/25/2024 



 we’ve been on three different experience plus tours and each has been terrific. great routes, accommodations and, in particular, great guides.read moreread less 
  a. gilbert11/05/2023 



 amazing tour of provence – great guides, great bikes, great cycling with the right amount of challenge, great sites and culture, places to stay, food and wine, and a lovely collection of travelers ……. and if you want to push yourself, you can climb mont ventoux.  fantastic experience, highly recommended.read moreread less 
  g. laredo11/01/2023 



 every detail is taken care of and the guides are always thoughtful about making the most of the trip!!!!  exceptional 🚴🏻‍♀️read moreread less 
  c. doctor10/24/2023 










see all reviews







































 






belgium / denmark / featured / france / highlights & stories / italy / spain
2025 new tours
many people ask us how we decide where to go next. the process includes a dash of science and a splash of inspiration. we listen closely to traveler, local expert, tour leader and vendor partner recommendations, make a short list,…read more





























































































ready to book a bicycle tour?

book now
















































 



















us headquarters
409 mason ct, unit 127fort collins, co 80524-4465
us & can 1-800-685-4565
international +1-970-484-8489
info@experienceplus.com


equipment in europe
bikesplus srlvia de crescenzi 4248018 faenza (ra)emilia romagna, italy



facebook
instagram
youtube

contact us


join our email list















about us
our historyour staff & tour leaderswhat to expectour bikesnavigation on tourgiving backcustomer reviewsprivacy policyjobs

planning & booking info
book nowtour findertravel planningfaqsbike trip training programsways to saveblogprivate and custom group departuresphoto gallerytravel advisorsterms and conditions

bicycle tour destinations
bike tours in italybike tours in portugalbike tours in spainbike tours in croatiabike tours in sloveniabike tours in greecebike tours in slovakiabike tours in polandbike tours in czech republicbike tours in hungary

top picks 
top 10 toursep tour leader favoritestop 10 family bike tourstop 5 back-to-back tourstop first ep bike tourstop seaside tourswhat’s all the plus! about?











© 2023 experienceplus! all rights
    reserved.





















