




barelybad home page













b a r e l y b a d  w e b  s i t e  







   site search       guestbook   
   e-mail       site outline    














facelift
barelybad.com is getting a much-needed refresh. things might be in disarray — you'll see old pages and new pages. thanks for your patience while we sweep up and thanks for visiting. 
					

welcome to this ever-growing collection of things both silly and
    serious i feel a need to show and say to you.  explore at will till you find something you like or don't.
if you missed it, here's  the first place i offer you a dollar.

who i am, and why this web site is
i'm a 68-year old science student located somewhere within striking distance of you.  my hobbies include echolalia, grump-baiting, frottage 
        and echolalia, and i'm the emergency backup president of france.
catchphrase since november 8, 2016: "a 
		bad person makes a worse u.s. 
		president."  apparently the washington post agrees with 
		me.  here's the headline as of october 9, 2020.



but none of that matters.  what matters is that the purpose of this web site is to entertain or engage or maybe even momentarily entrance you one way or
    another, no matter how hard i have to try.  after reading how easy it is to navigate this site,
    at right, you might want to see what else is on this home page,
    then branch off into whatever interests you.  if i'm doing this right 
		you can't go wrong.


guestbookthe guestbook has turned out to be more interesting than i
would have thought when i instituted it in late 1996.  to be sure, some of the entries are banal and some are inscrutable.  some are complimentary and some are, well, not.  and a few are worth reading.




projects   

				most of the pages on this web site are fairly short, such as so 
				many of the ones listed on the fun 
				pix page.  but over the years i have taken on a few projects 
				that i've published here, long pieces involving dozens of hours 
				in some cases and many hundreds in others.  below is a list of 
				some of those projects.

				notably missing is the collection of my many spreadsheets, which 
				is a project i'm still working on presenting to you.
				 



● microsoft 
				fsx
				if you own microsoft's flight simulator version x (fsx) -- as 
				many hundreds of thousands of people happily still do -- here's 
				a lot of information i'll bet you wish you knew.



● 
				habitat for humanity
				habitat for humanity is a worthwhile not-for-profit that strives 
				to provide decent housing at a low cost to deserving families.  
				you can read a little more about it as well as my own take on 
				construction site philosophy here.
				if you are scheduled to or might ever want to be a volunteer on 
				a habitat for humanity construction site, or if you ever just 
				wanted to know how to use a circular saw or set a ladder safely, 
				the how-to 
				articles contain a lot of information i'll bet you wish 
				you knew.

				these hundred pages took about 1,500 hours to create.  each page 
				is designed to be perfectly viewable online and perfectly 
				printable to paper.



● 
				states north of canada
				if you are unsure how many u.s. states are at least partly north 
				of the southernmost point of canada, here's a lot of information 
				i'll bet you wish you knew.
				this one long page with its many outside links has taken me 
				maybe a hundred hours so far to create, and it contains useful 
				information, including a mathematically perfect (and free) 
				spreadsheet that converts various distances, even if you don't 
				care that it also pretty much makes me the world's foremost 
				expert on the subject.




● mark manning
				if you know who mark manning is, here's a lot of information 
				i'll bet you wish you knew.

				if you don't, you might be interested to know that this project 
				has taken maybe a couple hundred hours since june 1, 2010, so 
				it's not like i haven't been trying.






© 1996, 2022 barelybad.com 


statement
    of y2k compliance, privacy policy  

how
      to navigate  
              this site  
this web site consists 
of only six
    main pages,

home,

stuff,
more stuffclaims

crossword, and

fun pix,

with branches from them.
some
    of the branches have twigs, and some of them have twiglets, and some of them intertwine, and they all count.  i
    recommend you click pretty much everything in site, although if you try to experience all
    of it you'll be here quite awhile, so if you want to set a bookmark, this is where to.
 
tip: if you aren't enjoying yourself and
    relaxing here, you aren't doing it right.
 




			● amazon reviews
a few bits of a few of the reviews i've submitted to amazon are 
			somewhat interesting, or so a few readers have said.  but much 
			more interesting are the comments made by the many people who positively hate 
			them.  go
			here.● 
youtube
			if you want to see the videos i've uploaded to 
			youtube, which you really don't, go
			here.
● 
			facebook
fwiw, here's my
			
			facebook page, i think, although so far i still don't understand exactly 
			how to use it.

  

mail me
if you think you've seen enough (there are over 
				330 pages so far counting the hundred 
				how-to articles 
				pages), if you have any comments or questions, or if you want to make any positive, supportive,
    constructive suggestions (a popular one so far has been "you're site sucks"), 

.










  

outline of     
web site    
home
                   search entire site
         guest book
                   
habitat for humanity
                   mark manning
                   y2k, privacy policy
stuff
                   three noises, etc.
                   dan quayle's flag
                   irc
                       20 questions
         charades
                   words
                   unfair mensa test
                   beat the lottery
         odd poem
                   claims adjuster
                   logical fallacies
                   web sites i like
     north of canada, etc.
crossword essay
fun pix

go here for a full-page version of the site map.









b a r e l y b a d  w e b  s i t e  










   site search       guestbook   
   e-mail    

 








