


































bbc blogs





































          homepage     accessibility links   skip to content   accessibility help       bbc account        notifications         home            news            sport            weather            iplayer            sounds            bitesize     cbeebies     cbbc     food         home     news     sport     business     innovation     culture     travel     earth     video     live               more menu           search bbc              home            news            sport            weather            iplayer            sounds            bitesize     cbeebies     cbbc     food        home     news     sport     business     innovation     culture     travel     earth     video     live         close menu    


 







blogs


 

main content
blogs

a

 






about the bbc

                        shining a light on the wealth of bbc activities across the organisation.
                    





 






academy

                        the bbc academy blog discusses current technical, ethical, production and craft issues in the media industry.
                    





 






across the line

                        this is the home of news, reviews and features on the northern irish music scene, courtesy of team atl. 
                    





 






adam curtis

                        adam curtis tells stories about modern power, politics and culture using the bbc archive
                    






c

 






cbeebies grown-ups

                        all the latest news and piles of helpful information for cbeebies grown-ups.
                    





 






cymru

                        barn, sylwadau a gwybodaeth am yr hyn sy’n digwydd yng nghymru ym maes y celfyddydau, hanes, crefydd, gwyddoniaeth a mwy.
                    






d

 






doctor who

                        all the latest news and features from the world of doctor who.
                    






e

 






eastenders news & spoilers

                        get the latest news, spoilers, video exclusives and more... fresh from albert square.
                    





 






eurovision

                        welcome to the official bbc eurovision blog. keep up to date with all of the very latest news about the eurovision song contest here.
                    






g

 






get in blog

                        want to get into the industry? meet trainees and apprentices working across the bbc - from production to engineering, journalism to business - at the get in blog.
                    






h

 






bbc history research blog

                        latest update from academics researching the history of the corporation
                    






i

 






bbc ideas

                        short stories about the development of bbc ideas, a new way to find interesting films on your mobile and desktop.
                    






k

 






kermode uncut

                        outspoken, opinionated and never lost for words, mark kermode is the uk's leading film critic.
                    






m

 






bbc media action

                        insight from the bbc’s international development charity.
                    





 






bbc music introducing

                        featuring advice for unsigned and undiscovered artists, the latest music from bbc music introducing acts and guest posts from our djs including tom robinson and huw stephens.
                    





 






media action insight blog

                        bbc media action is the bbc's international development charity. we believe in the power of media and communication to help reduce poverty and support people in understanding their rights.
                    






o

 






bbc outreach & corporate responsibility

                        bbc outreach connects the bbc with its audiences using face-to-face activity.  find out more by reading about the experiences of the people they work with.
                    






r

 






blog radio cymru

                        mae blog radio cymru yn cynnwys newyddion, gwybodaeth am raglenni, cyflwynwyr a lluniau.
                    






s

 






springwatch

                        all the latest from the springwatch, autumnwatch and winterwatch team
                    





 






strictly come dancing

                        welcome to the strictly come dancing blog, where we'll be sharing the latest news and backstage gossip from the nation's favourite dancing competition. this is the place to get your daily dose of dancefloor drama and training room trials.
                    






t

 






technology + creativity at the bbc

                        technology, innovation, engineering, design, development. the home of the bbc's digital services.
                    





 






the radio 4 blog

                        behind the scenes at radio 4 and radio 4 extra from producers, presenters and programme makers.
                    






w

 






bbc writersroom

                        bbc writersroom discovers, develops and champions new and experienced writing talent across the whole of the uk.
                    





 






wales

                        behind the scenes on our biggest shows and the stories you won't see on tv.
                    








 





     explore the bbc      home            news            sport            weather            iplayer            sounds            bitesize     cbeebies     cbbc     food         home     news     sport     business     innovation     culture     travel     earth     video     live              terms of use about the bbc privacy policy privacy policy cookies cookies accessibility help parental guidance contact the bbc make an editorial complaint bbc emails for you advertise with us   copyright © 2025 bbc. the bbc is not responsible for the content of external sites.   read about our approach to external linking.                  



