









cadillac, michigan - lodging, vacation planning, natural resources






























































































facebook




instagram


request info
media
about the cavb
relocation
contact
 












winter
more seasons

spring
summer
fall color


golf
woods

biking trails
hiking trails
all trails
orv/atv
disc golf
hunting


water

lakes & rivers
fishing
parks & beaches


stay
explore

downtown

social district
cadillac commons


shopping
history & culture
area routes
family fun
more things to do


eat & drink
events
groups
stories
caddy bear
 


select page


  
 
 
















it's time to plan your winter getaway!browse our most fun and affordable lodging deals for the 2025 winter season!
find the best winter lodging deals!









so many ways to winter in the cadillac area!with no shortage of cold weather activities, the cadillac area is your first chance at “up north” winter fun. don’t wait to book your stay!
learn more









sign up for travel news & tipsrequest our latest travel materials and sign up for our email newsletter!
sign up today!












stay in cadillac
we have a mix of resorts, hotels, motels, cabins & campgrounds in all seasons! find the one right for you.

book your stay







trail updates
get the latest conditions reports throughout the entire winter season!





caberfae ski conditions
learn more about downhill skiing in cadillac

today's ski report

mackenzie xc ski trail
updated 1/31/25:
trails were groomed last night and look great for the weekend. conditions will vary based on when you ski. expect fast conditions in the mornings and get stickier as the sun and temperatures rise. report any downed trees by filling out the form on our website. learn more about the mackenzie trail here.



ice fishing report
learn more about ice fishing in cadillac
updated: 2/6/25

latest update
ice is looking good in most places on both lakes with isolated pockets of slush that may still have a double layer, so be aware. anywhere from 3-8" of heavy dense snow, can be hard walking if you're not on someone's snowmobile track. atv's and side x sides are out and about but be careful in deep snow and slush. learn more at pilgrim village fishing shop.



snowmobile report
trail base:2" to 5"
conditions:excellent
learn more about snowmobiling in cadillac

latest trail report



cadillac pathway
learn more about xc ski & fat biking in cadillac
updated 2/10/25

xc ski trail
get the latest xc ski report here!
donate to volunteer grooming efforts today!

winter sports trail 🚲
get the latest trail report here!











the fatty caddy returns in 2025 at the cadillac pathway!

by cavb staff | february 3, 2025 | biking, caddy the bear, cadillac stories, events, winter, winter skiing - xc ski/snowshoe/fatbike | 0 commentsafter a unseasonably warm winter in 2024, the fatty caddy is set to return in 2025. cadillac will play host to the 3rd annual fat bike race on saturday, february 22nd! racers can choose either the sport or elite racing class and can expect the best trail conditions we... 
read more 








winter paddling the pine

by joe baker | february 2, 2025 | out in the middle of everywhere, water, winter | 1 commentnorthern michigan is packed with fun things to do and the winter season doesn't slow us down! jake and alaney miltner at pine river paddlesports have pioneered a new way to enjoy the pine river which see’s thousands of paddlers every summer and now you can enjoy the... 
read more 








winter hiking the manistee river trail

by joe baker | february 1, 2025 | hiking trails, out in the middle of everywhere, winter, winter skiing - xc ski/snowshoe/fatbike | 1 commentfor years, i've been winter backpacking all over the county from utah to maine! but the scenic trails we have right here at home are some of the best i've ever had the pleasure of exploring. my most recent winter hike with friends is a tradition that we try to plan... 
read more 








winter fun at the  carl t. johnson hunting and fishing center center

by cavb staff | february 1, 2025 | hiking trails, trails & parks, winter, winter skiing - xc ski/snowshoe/fatbike | 0 commentswinter hikes, ice fishing classes and more! the carl t. johnson hunting and fishing center, at the popular mitchell state park, offers a range of programs for all ages. visitors are greeted by a 500 gallon aquarium showcasing the fish of lake mitchell and lake... 
read more 








experience the cozy cabin life this winter in cadillac

by cavb staff | january 1, 2025 | cadillac stories, winter | 0 commentsif you’re looking for a unique sleep-away experience, check out one of the many cabin style options right here in cadillac! our local hotels are convenient, but if you are looking for more of a home away from home experience there are some great options for families,... 
read more 








bridging history and community: two cadillac speaker series you won’t want to miss in 2025

by macey mckeever | december 13, 2024 | cadillac stories, culture and entertainment, events, spring, winter | 0 commentsthe history speaker series 2025 is back! local historian and board member of the wexford county historical society, richard shults, will present six engaging talks about our fascinating history with the return of the cadillac historical tours series. each session is... 
read more 









winter fun in cadillac
it’s not too early to start planning your stay! there are so many ways to enjoy winter in the cadillac area.












know before you go
plan ahead by taking a 3d virtual tour of our lodging and attractions before your stay! 



read more about the tours





view all 3d tours












miles of multi-use 4 season trails

explore the seasons




trails within 20 minutes of downtown

explore the region







local events
explore our events calendar to see what’s happening in cadillac this week!















view full calendar of events




 







contact us cadillac area 
visitors bureau
201 n. mitchell st.
suite 102
cadillac, mi 49601
(231) 775-0657



 




 



  
home
about the cvb
media
relocation
privacy policy
terms of use
 



copyright © cadillac area visitors bureau - all rights reserved - site powered by: rsdg 




 









































