observer and eccentric newspapersnews sports business life entertainment obituaries legals  krispy kreme, hulu roll out new doughnut flavors in michiganhow to stay safe while shoveling snow. what to know in michiganare city offices open monday? what's open and closed on presidents daycast your vote for hometown life's prep athlete of the weekphotos: northville boys basketball vs. plymouth waters between st. ignace, mackinac island to close… novi man wants michigan to adopt elderly driving laws is it too cold to walk my dog? here's what to know  how much ice is covering the great lakes? how to stay safe while shoveling snow. what to know in michigan  are city offices open monday? what's open and closed on presidents day  'coast-to-coast winter storm' on way. where it will snow in michigan more in news cast your vote for hometown life's prep athlete of the week photos: livonia stevenson girls basketball vs. livonia franklin photos: northville boys basketball vs. plymouth more in sports two michigan dogs will compete in puppy bowl xxi today: what to know  first raising cane's in metro detroit is opening tuesday in canton  michigan celebrities affected, react to los angeles wildfires more in entertainment developer proposing 514 new homes in canton neighborhood  sheetz stores planned for novi, farmington hills, highland  salvation army's new thrift store in novi set to open more in business sometimes i wonder if 'fix the damn roads' haunts gretchen whitmer's dreams andrea bitely  if trump gets his way, our weather forecasts could get really weird  it’s time to let go of the past, detroit. let the boblo boat sink. nancy derringer more in opinion ditch the peach fuzz: get 25% off dermaflash dermaplaning tools  crocs slippers are less than $35 for a limited time only  need a boost? try needed collagen for 20% off this month more in shoppingenter now! enter often!       contests       comics       more in contests'coast-to-coast winter storm' on way. where it will snow in michigan denny's closing more restaurants. over 150 locations impacted michigan spring break 2025 attractions. what to see, where to visit friends of the rouge seeks volunteers for frog and toad survey photos: livonia stevenson girls basketball vs. livonia franklin      about us staff directory careers accessibility support site map legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x archivesjobs cars homes classifieds shopping 10best localiq© 2025 www.hometownlife.com. all rights reserved.