




brown precision - manufacturer of custom high performance rifles & stocksbrown precision | manufacturer of custom high performance rifles & stocks	







































 








brown precision


manufacturer of custom high performance rifles & stocks



skip to content
welcome
about us
precision rifles
precision stocks
industry firsts
testimonials
contact us
price list
policies
mark’s blog
 






welcome


marks lifetime dream came true when he took this trophy mule deer on a hunt in sonora mexico.we invite you to explore …


	we understand designing a custom gun is very personal, and we are providing the information here as a starting point for our discussion on building the best rifle customized to your specific needs and desires.  and this discussion will continue (by phone, email, fax, whatever is appropriate) until we have complete agreement on the details of your new rifle!  so explore, and when you are ready, let's talk.   


mark brown, president


	 


	inventor of the fiberglass rifle stock


	when chet brown pioneered the concept of a fiberglass rifle stock in the early '60s, he had little idea of the impact his new creation would have on the direction of the firearms industry a quarter of a century later.  read the whole story including brown's extensive industry firsts!


	a message from our president … mark brown


	a small, family-owned us manufacturer for over four decades, our focus has always been on building the best guns possible for the individual hunter, or for the military and law enforcement community – we've always felt very strongly we should provide the best support possible to the people who help us in so many ways.


	as we proceed through the twenty first century, it is easy to see all of the high tech advancements in our world today. … these are particularly evident in the gun industry. a majority of the production rifles available today utilize synthetic stocks and many are using specialized materials such as stainless steel."   read mark's complete message and his "how i build a rifle for myself" article.


	we believe informed consumers make better decisions … so throughout this site you will see references to our glossary.  if you see a term that you don't recognize, or one we didn't include, please email us for future inclusion.


	we are always updating our faq's (frequently asked questions); if you have a question we didn't answer, please email us so we may consider it's addition in future updates.


	we've had a long term interest in today's young shooters… after all we used to be kids, and we've had young shooters of our own.  if you have an interest in a rifle for a younger shooter, check out our custom high country youth rifle page, and then give us a call.


	about our website


we never expect our site to be truly "finished", since we are constantly adding new products and services.  we invite you to return often to see our progress.


we're actually in the middle of a major update now – so if something doesn't look right, or a link goes awry,  let the webmaster know.  thanks.








 brown precision, inc.
1484 county rd 241a
cameron, tx 76520
phone: 530-384-2506
fax: 530-384-1638

like us on facebook!come visit us in reno! the sheep show
jan 16-18, 2020
booth #511
sci annual convention
feb 5-8, 2020
booth #2507



search for:



pages 
welcome
about us
precision rifles

custom high country™
custom high country™ take down
custom high country™ youth rifle
pro hunter™
pro hunter elite™
pro hunter elite™ take down
pro varminter™
light varminter™
tactical elite™


precision stocks

pre-finished stocks
stock blanks


industry firsts
testimonials
contact us
price list
policies
mark’s blog

categories 
custom rifle services

custom rifles

press & media

uncategorized


tags
donation
safari club
sci


 






					brown precision				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				




 










