



custom stained glass windows and gifts - transparent dreams glass studio






















exceptional
stained glass














& beveled glass
incorporating
innovative design & precision craftsmanship 













 



















the
commission process

good
and bad craftsmanship
classes
on dvd
testimonials
 





 





























 


who doesn't love looking at 
stained or beveled glass windows? when done right, this
medium can be one of the most impressive art forms. the stained glass
art form is incredibly unique, making any custom stained glass piece a
treasured keepsake, worth much more than it costs.
my name is mark stine. welcome to
my web site. i am a full time stained glass artist, and have been making custom
stained glass and
beveled glass windows, lampshades, ceilings, room dividers, cabinet
inserts, etc. for more than 45 years. i primarily offer unique
stained glass and beveled glass artworks (always
one-of-a-kind), crafted with a precision not often seen in stained glass. i also make stained and
beveled artworks based on my own original designs.
some of these for
sale artworks are designed in a way that they are ready to be personalized with your
message!
stained glass windows are luxurious
items that make unforgettable gifts and become instant family heirlooms. commemorate a
moment in time - a  wedding (or an
                  interfaith wedding),
a bar
mitzvah, or any other
important event - with a vibrant display that looks beautiful when
daylight streams through and pours into your home. i can even customize
these stained glass gifts with names, dates, or any message.
the goal of my site is to expand
your concept of what is possible in stained and beveled glass, and what
the finest craftsmanship in this medium should look like. throughout
this website, there is a lot of educational information
about stained glass, in general, and my work in particular. browse
through the gallery for examples of
my beveled glass artworks, religious stained glass, southwestern stained glass,
                  automotive stained glass,
                  ballet stained glass,
and fantasy stained glass.
here's
a recap of what you can find at this web site:
 custom
stained glass and beveled glass artworks
 
 one-of-a-kind
stained glass gifts (custom or already-made)
                  
  some artworks
waiting to be personalized with your message
 fully
insured shipping - everywhere!


comprehensive
stained
glass instruction on my 8-dvd set
   
to commission one of my stained
glass windows or beveled glass artwork, contact me
today. located in denver, colorado, i can ship my artwork anywhere in
the world.




testimonial - 
today is my husband's birthday. i've been
keeping the artwork in the
shipping crate, unopened all these weeks, but he opened it last night
at his big party. it's absolutely gorgeous. much more beautiful than
the photo you sent me. i have never been happier














with a purchase ever.
period. please feel free to use me as a reference. you are truly
wonderful and i thank you.
sandra
reese - dixon, ca (see
the artwork here)







angieslist.com/review/7931392












.

.













