


rivervet - don blankenship's site about river boats in vietnam












rivervet - don blankenship's site about river boats in vietnam
photos


                                   



the vietnam combatant craft crewman pin.  learn more about

it here.











 




the vietnam war impacted a generation. 

these are the stories and pictures of one sailor's experiences in that war. 

hopefully, along the way i'll provide you information on the little known, yet valuable

contributions to the war effort by "the brown water navy."   
south vietnam, especially the southern 1/3 of

the country, is covered with waterways, both natural and man-made.  this created a

logistical nightmare for the ground forces.  the navy responded to this problem by

the creation of the mobile riverine force, consisting of armored troop carriers, monitors

(similar to the civil war variety), command and communication boats, assault support

patrol boats, flamethrower-equipped boats, and refueling boats, all of which were served

and supported by a fleet of troop ships, lst's, repair ships, barracks barges, and other

supporting vessels.  the mobile riverine force became the partnership between the

army and navy in fighting the war in the rice paddies, canals and treacherous waterways of

the south.  while they were principally congregated in the iv corps area, they were

also called into service in the rivers of i corps, the area nearest the dmz, and

at some times in the iii corps area.
the navy also had pcf's (patrol craft, fast,

also known as swift boats) which principally patrolled the coastal waters from vietnam's

border with cambodia in the south china sea all the way up south vietnam's eastern coast

to the demilitarized zone which separated the north and south.  in addition to

patrolling the coastal waters, these boats made periodic raids into the inland waterways.

  however, the patrolling and interdiction efforts of the inland waterways was the

primary responsibility of task force 116, made up of pbr's (patrol boat, river).  the

pbr sailors, the swifties, and the mrf's navy crews were collectively known as the

"black berets," although many of us opted for the camouflage

beret as well.

  you can learn more about pbr's and swifts by going to the links page.  you'll

also find links to other army and navy elements.
of course, the navy's fleet off shore, the

navy pilots, the helicopter crews, the seal's, the seabees, the

"gator" navy that supplied us, the lcm's that hauled ammo and

supplies, the harbor protection boats, the divers, etc., all provided an extremely

valuable contribution to the war effort.  while it was definitely a team effort, this

site will concentrate on the mobile riverine force, especially the navy's part of those

joint army/navy operations.  for pictures of the different boat types, see the



boats page on the menu above.
i hope you enjoy the pictures and

recollections.  there are lots of pictures (see the rivron11, rivron15, and

dong tam menu tabs and others above).  some pages may load slowly. 

please be patient.  i think you'll find it worth the waiting time.   about

the picture quality... definitely amateurish.  i bought a 35 mm camera in a pawn shop

and didn't have a light meter until i was in vietnam for about a month or more.  

even then it was a guessing game for me.  i sure wish i had an auto-focus, auto

everything camera back then, or at least a better understanding of camera basics.
if you have any comments please feel free to

send me an email.   i can't guarantee i'll always be able to respond, but

it's nice to have the feedback, especially if you can correct information, or you

recognize yourself in a photo, or you can identify the location in any of the photos.  
thanks for stopping by.  if you were not a part of the vietnam war or even if you

were, you may have been exposed to numerous myths about it.  some of these myths

which continue to be perpetuated have caused untold damage to vietnam veterans who really

deserve to be genuinely proud of their participation in an unpopular war.  these

myths are exposed at the following site.

(don't forget to hit your browser's back button after you review

the facts and

statistics). you can also see whether it was a worthwhile cause by reading this vietnamese boy's thank you. 
the politicians sold the vietnamese down the river in the 1970's.  the
american military did not lose this war.
you may leave vietnam, but vietnam will never leave

you.  welcome home to all those who were fortunate enough to

return.  


          


           



 


this page last updated 12/31/13 


of

particular interest!!

1.  here is my graduating

class picture at the naval inshore operational training center.  please help me

identify my class mates.  the picture may load slowly so please be patient.
2.  read this thank you from someone truly affected by

the efforts of vietnam veterans.  and read this poignant

story of a refugee following the fall of saigon in april, 1975.
3.  the story of medical

evacuation in the river delta, thanks to albert moore, president of the mobile

riverine force association.
4.  historical reports

such as operations reports, histories and summaries can be a great source of information

about the mrf.
5.  visit albert moore's uss benewah site to see

the  "navy in

vietnam" book.  drop back here after you've read it.
6.  see this navy

publication on operation giant slingshot, one the most

influential interdiction efforts of the war.
7.  have you got your mrf poster?  check

them out on this page.
8.  see this modern

day british army beach landing.  it's a comical look at a

situation not too uncommon for some the the 9th infantry we dropped off on muddy

river banks.
9.  the sinking of the whitfield

county lst-1169 for a reef.
10.  see this tribute

to the men and women of today's military.
11.  see this

tribute to veterans. 
12.  keeping it all in perspective.  see

this .pdf file if you'd like to

better understand the warriors who made and now keep this country free.
13.  see these warrior

quotes.  it's a 5 meg pdf file so be patient while it

downloads to your computer.  it's worth it!!

check out the new riverine navy information here. 

use your browser back button to return to this site.

 see one of
the greatest collections of mobile
riverine force photos by larry irwin, an officer in vietnam in the early
part of the war  





 





john wayne who??

 











                                   


copyright 1999-2014 by don blankenship.  you may use the images, descriptions, stories or text within this site,
      with proper credit,  for non-commercial, not-for-profit purposes only.  in the event you wish to use any material contained within this site for commercial, for-profit purposes, permission must be obtained from the author, don blankenship, in advance of such use.  all rights reserved.  click
       email if you have comments.  thanks for your interest in learning about the mobile riverine force.






