

  



welcome to virtualparks.org

















this 360 panorama is from sauk mountain, washington



this 360 panorama is from the thorofare, yellowstone, wyoming



this 360 panorama is from redwoods national park, california



this 360 panorama includes the view of mt. bachelor from the top of tumalo mtn, oregon



this 360 panorama is from moraine lake, british columbia, canada


welcome to virtualparks.org






 


menu





home




filter by

geography
theme
gallery
alphabetical
full-screen







gallery




help

viewing virtual reality scenes
installing quicktime software
frequently asked questions
links to related sites






about

the vision
the site
the maps
the panoramic process
the photographer
visitor comments
media coverage






news





           





			 
		









virtualparks.org is the result of over 24 years of hiking, exploring, 
									and shooting panoramic photography. since 1995, millions of people have 
									visited this site and gotten a glimpse of what it's like to visit incredible 
									wilderness locales such as mt. rainier, kings canyon, crater lake, yosemite, 
									banff, zion, the three sisters, the john muir trail, and hundreds of other 
									parks and natural areas.





ways to filter the panoramas:






geography





theme





gallery





alphabetical







full-screen





by time





trips




									 
								






getting started
we're glad you stopped by to check out virtualparks! the easiest and most fun place to start is with the gallery of most striking scenes. 
viewing scenes - virtualparks.org scenes were built with quicktime, so you would need to have quicktime installed to view them. the days of browser plugins have largely passed by; another option is to visit our other site vrlog.com which features a different high resolution html5 compatible 360 panorama every day.
remember, this site is run by the art of geography, which is not part of any agencies that operate state, local or national parks.





news
virtualparks site redesigned
it is an improvement over the last design which dated back to 1995. 
				        		some of the features include:

the new layout is responsive, meaning it works better for mobile devices. 
content has been updated
cleaner, simpler user experience
page header features actual panoramas
expanding the page expands the header panoramas wall-to-wall

previews of new panoramas online
panoramic scenes that have been shot but are not in virtual reality format yet 
					        		can be seen in the headers of various pages of the site.
				        		


recently stitched panoramas
sauk mountain, washington
sunrise approach to mt. rainer, washington
mt. st. helens snow, washington
blue lake, washington
government camp snow trails, oregon
tumalo mountain, oregon





header panoramas backstory


#1: sauk mountain

getting to the top of sauk mountain is a steady and long climb, 
							but the views of the skagit river valley, skagit bay, the salish sea,
							and the vast stretch of the incredible north cascade mountain range
							makes it worthwhile. 
						



#2: the thorofare

in the entire continental usa, the thorofare is the last 
							place left where you can get more than 20 miles from a road.
							it's a 30 mile backpack to get to the spot pictured along the 
							yellowstone river.



#3: brown creek

brown creek -- in one long summer twilight i shot a dozen panoramas
							amongst some of the most beautiful ancient redwoods. 



#4: tumalo mountain

the snowshoe up tumalo mountain was no picnic, 
							but the views of mt. bachelor, the sisters and broken top were the best 
							i've seen in the bend area. my friend lance is looking south towards shasta.
							there was a constant 30-40 mph wind blowing that day.



#5: moraine lake

you have to get up at 5am to get the good shots of this lake in beautful
							british columbia without hundreds of people standing around blocking the 
							360 panoramic view.





				 
			







			 
		


virtualparks.org
copyright © 2019 by the art of geography.






			 
		



			 
		



navigate:

home
gallery
help
about
news
related sites
support







filter scenes by:

geography
theme
gallery
alphabetical
full-screen
time
trips








site tools:

search
contact
follow on twitter
sitemap
privacy policy






icon credits
expand designed by superatic labs from the noun project 
photo gallery designed by antar from the noun project
list designed by martin hartl from the noun project 
earth designed by erin standley from the noun project
tag designed by scott lewis from the noun project
time designed by richard de vos from the noun project



 for a different panorama every day, visit vrlog.com, which works in all popular browsers and supports fullscreen viewing and webvr.


















