 


shofar ministries, hebraic roots of christianity, bible prophecy
























     
 site search  web search






home
newsletters
radio archives

to donate! thank you

how to study

armor of god
hebraic roots
the festivals of the lord
hanukkah 2023
typology
god's timeline
hebrew calendar months
science and time
history of the nwo
rapture scriptures
god's intitial
links
health and wellness
contact us








shofar ministries, hebraic roots


our purpose
we seek to inspire believers in yeshua (jesus) to study the word of god, the holy scriptures, and thus make god number one in their lives and to be fully equipped with the whole armor of god, to increase in the knowledge of god through an understanding of our previously lost, hebraic roots.
in the past we have been taught that types are only one little piece of the bible. it's my opinion, and many others, that pictures run throughout the entire bible, making the word entirely prophetic. understanding this truth will help you rediscover and thoroughly enjoy this great book! 

to order any of our hebraic roots materials or to see a full list of available dvd's and cd's, visit the order page
browse through the shofar ministries website and you'll be rewarded with many rich truths from the word of god. you'll discover interesting facts about the hebraic roots of christianity. you'll also learn many other things about bible prophecy, end time events, and god's plan for mankind.






subscribe to our newsletter
* indicates required

email address  *




first name *




last name 



tell us where you're from!





 








now, shofar ministries is being broadcast on whkw radio 1220am, cleveland oh  every tuesday evening at 8:00pm est. listen live on whkw please visit, with your bible, the radio podcast page for all archived programs and a wealth of information to add to your studies.
follow the radio podcasts link to listen to the radio "godcasts" archived. we are also listed on tunein.com
the rev. sheila crawford's newsletter is updated most every month and is archived back to 1999. check out the section on ‘how to study god's word’ for direction in your bible study. what does it mean to put on the ‘full armor of god’? what are the festivals; are they just for the jews? how can christians benefit from learning about hebraic roots? did you know there are two hebrew calendars?
explore the science of the bible. how old is the earth? was there really a worldwide flood? an ark? is evolution plausible?
find the answers to these questions and more. also consider. adding to your studies with some of the cd series that will be gradually updated.
we have started putting the teachings of shofar ministries onto dvd format. order now hebraic roots 101 parts 1, 2 and 3  are available now. all money from these items go to support the work of the ministry.
in addition to the hebraic roots dvds, also now available is a 3 part series on the rapture in cd, from radio program. $10 each or $25 for the set. 

check out these links:
new!blood moons tetrads, complete chart
 map of ancient jerusalem
rapture scriptures

trinity scriptures html, pdf 
history of israel in a nutshell! you tube

new! history of israel in a nutshell too!

what is a shofar anyhow? see this wikipedia article opens in a new window

we have some people who contribute on a regular basis and their help is both appreciated and vital to the ministry of shofar ministries. thank you to all our supporting partners. if you'd like to be a partner of shofar ministries, please contribute with a donation. partner with us here, now!thank you.




 







home | newsletters | how to study  | the armor of god |the festivals | 

types & similitudes | understand bible prophecy | god's time-line | rapture scriptures | 

order dvds | links | email |

this site designed,hosted and maintained by: © 2023 https://shofarministries.net  contact: 

shofarministries.net

powered by: mailchimp, autoresponder












