







bethel college - explore, discover, and develop your passions

































 

 skip to main content
skip to footer
visit bethelapplyareas of studygivenewseventsdirectoryfuture studentsat a glanceadmissionsvisit bethelvirtual toursrecruit meaffordabilitybuild your financial aid awardapplication portalfree credit evaluationculture and belongingacademicswhy bethelacademic calendarregistraradvisingcenter for academic developmentlibraryhands-on learningstudy abroadsummer courses (may term)student lifelife as a thresherthrersher daysemployment experienceshousing and dininglibrarystudent life servicesregistrar informationcenter for academic developmentathleticsathletics websiterecruit mebuild your financial aid awardvisit campusrequest informationadmissionsbethel at a glancewhat is a thresher?fine artsrecruit mebuild your financial aid awardchoral ensemblesinstrumental ensemblestheatreforensicsregier art galleryrequest informationthe thresher wayabout bethelemployment experiencesknowledge is not enough strategic plancommunityhire a thresheremployee directoryabout bethelcommunityleadershipboard of directorsthresher shopcommencement informationparent associationculture and belongingalumnithresher alumniadvancement and developmentfall festalumni eventsalumni business directorymentor a bethel studentalumni groupsgive a gift to bethel




bethel college phonathon 2025 | give today 


bethel college phonathon 2025 | give today 


bethel college phonathon 2025 | give today 


visit bethelapplyareas of studygivenewseventsdirectoryexplorecontact us! admissions@bethelks.edufuture studentsacademicsstudent lifeathleticsfine artsthe thresher waycommunityalumniat a glanceadmissionsvisit bethelvirtual toursrecruit meaffordabilitybuild your awardapplication portalfree credit evaluationculture and belongingwhy bethelacademic calendarregistraradvisingcenter for academic developmentlibraryhands-on learningstudy abroadsummer courses (may term)life as a thresherthresher daysemployment experienceshousing and diningstudent life servicesada servicesguiding principlesintramural sportsathletics websiterecruit mebuild your financial aid awardvisit campusrequest informationadmissionsbethel at a glancewhat is a thresher?recruit mebuild your financial aid awardchoral ensemblesinstrumental ensemblestheaterforensicsregier art galleryrequest informationabout bethel employment experiencesknowledge is not enough strategic planhire a thresheremployee directoryabout bethel summer camps!leadershipboard of directorsthresher shopevent tickets!parents associationculture and belongingthresher alumniadvancement and developmentfall festalumni eventsmentor a bethel studentalumni groupsgive a gift to bethelrefer a student
explore, discover, and develop your passions.welcome to bethel college, where academics, employment, faith, service, and community intersect to create an unparalleled educational student experience we call the thresher way!
welcome to bethel college, where academics, employment, faith, service, and community intersect to create an unparalleled educational student experience   we call the thresher way!
request infovisit bethelapply today!workforce readyacademicsfind your area of studyexcellence in academics: 40+ areas of study tailored to your interestsacademics at bethel college are second to none. our distinguished faculty members are experts in their fields and are committed to providing students with a challenging and supportive education.
bethel college offers a unique learning environment where students can explore their passions, develop their skills, and discover their purpose.
with over 40 areas of study, students can tailor their education to their unique interests and career aspirations.
arts and humanitiesmedical & healthbusinessscienceseducationsocial sciencesfaithtechnologylooking toward the futurepreparing students for success: employment experiencesat bethel college, we understand the importance of preparing our students for the workforce. that’s why we offer a wide range of career services and resources, including internships and employment experiences.
we believe that every student has the potential to succeed, and we are committed to helping them achieve their goals.
employment experiencesreal-world job experience that prepares you for your future career.
internship opportunitiesdiscover fulfilling career paths by aligning your values, interests, and skills during your internship.
alumni mentorshipconnect with an alumni mentor to smooth the transition from college to career.
successpassionturn your talents and passions into a degreeyour journey to success starts here. 
join a community where you’re supported every step of your college journey! as a thresher, you’ll get the chance to pursue the things you enjoy doing, in the classroom, on the stage, during the game, or out in the community. 
request infofree credit evaluationcommunitybuild relationships and explore interests: join the vibrant community at bethel.community is at the heart of everything we do at bethel college. our campus is a vibrant and inclusive community where you can build meaningful relationships with your peers and mentors. 
experience our community first-hand. your visit is customized to your interests. you select the date and time and tell us who you want to meet during your visit
experience bethelvalueempower your tomorrow and invest in yourself today.all bethel college students receive a financial aid award with scholarships to help make it affordable. our financial aid packages include different kinds of support like need-based aid, scholarships, grants, loans, work-study options and employment experiences. let us help you through the process and show you how affordable a bethel education can be.
build your financial aid awardlet's go!your journey of growth, discovery, and  transformation starts hereif you are looking for a college that will challenge you academically, prepare you for the workforce and provide you with a strong sense of community, at an exceptional value, then bethel college is the place for you.
apply now!our campus is a welcoming and inclusive community where you can thrive both academically and personally.don’t miss out on the chance to experience all that bethel college has to offer. schedule a campus tour and take the first step on a journey of growth, discovery, and transformation that will prepare you for a lifetime of success.
campus tourstudent lifeactivitiescampuscampus events and information!stay informed. stay inspired.newsfebruary 11, 2025organ recital postponedkevin vaughn's organ recital scheduled for tuesday, feb. 18, has been postponed until thursday, feb. 20, due to the winter…february 5, 2025film shows how nonviolence offers a new vision for humanitythe second film in the 2024-25 kipcor film series tells the story of “the greatest overlooked resource in human experience.”…february 5, 2025academia allows artist chance to keep evolving with his styledavid long says being an artist in academia enables him to branch out and explore in his work. long, professor…see more articlesaround the green alumni magazinelatest issuewinter 2024read300 e 27th st,  north newton, ks 67117 +1 (800) 522-1887bethel college graduates students who increase human flourishing (shalom) in society by
owning and enacting their faith, demonstrating compassion for the powerless, engaging in
critical thought, and bringing value to the workplace.apply todaysupport bethelconnect with usareas of studyarts and humanitiesbusinesseducationfaithmedical & healthsciencessocial sciencestechnologycertificatesget involvedathleticsfine artshire a thresherstudent lifethresher wayhelpful infocareersconsumer informationdonatedirectorymarketing project requestmoodlemybctitle ixquestions regarding title ix should be referred to the title ix coordinator. report a concern.
©2025 bethel college. all rights reserved.nondiscrimination statement title ix informationprivacy policycares actview all policies 












