






loose data research llc

































































		skip to content	



 



loose data research llc
in the know since 1997








    menu	
home
about
flying
r u prepared?
services  

guitar lessons
pc or laptop help
photography
web sites
visit our on line store


historical links  

our tribute to 911
outhouses of america tour
our first web site


contact  

contact owner
report problem



  
			scroll down to content		












home


welcome to loose data research llc
how did we get our name?


cessna 177b cardinal “howie”
flying

if you want to find out about my flying experience and listen to actual cockpit communication when flying to and from oshkosh (the world’s busiest airport for one week), click here or on the flying link on the menu at the top of this page.
 

what is a himiway zebra e-bike?
the himiway zebra is one of the newest e-bike offerings from himiway. in 2021, i had to have open heart surgery and a quadruple bypass. since the bypass, i recovered and am pretty much back to my old self. don’t get me wrong, when you have open heart surgery, you do have to be aware of what your body is telling you.

 


himiway zebra step thru unboxing and assembly video


himiway zebra step thru first ride ever on an e-bike video


i do a lot of exercising but i wanted to get back into bike riding. i discovered that with an e-bike, you can actually pedal and shift gears just like a normal bike. the difference is that, if you want to, you can have the electric motor propel you at over 20 mph without pedaling. so once you get tired, the motor can do the work.

 

i began doing research on e-bikes and there are a lot of brands out there promising everything under the sun. i ended up deciding on a himiway because they seem to be on top of the technology. keep reading below for more details about the bike.

 

for current pricing on the himiway zebra, click the affiliate link below:
himiway zebra e-bike
(it won’t cost you any more to purchase by following our link but it will help to keep our website going should you purchase any of their e-bikes. you will also still be able to take advantage of any current discounts and promotions.)

 

himiway has been a disrupter in the electric bike industry for a while now, and the himiway zebra electric fat tire bike may be one of the best!

 

the himiway zebra is a class 2 e-bike and is powered by a 750w rear hub motor, a huge 960wh battery that can take you from 60 to 80 miles, hydraulic brakes are standard, it has a redesigned frame and a host of other upgraded components. the zebra is designed for the general public as well as speed lovers and fat-tire aficionados.

 

additional specifications:
400 lb. payload capacity
battery is enclosed in the frame to protect it from the elements
up to 20 mph (and higher if you unlock it)
upgraded 6061 aluminum frame
sturdy rear rack (wood etched with the himiway logo)
half twist throttle
shimano 7 speed gear shift system
multifunctional display
48 volt luminosity headlight and tail light/integrated brake light
26″x4″ kenda all-terrain tires
selle royal saddle
durable aluminum crankset
and more…

 

this zebra is the step-thru model and has a metal spec pearl white paint job. there are also zebra stripes so you know it’s a zebra!
let me know your thoughts and questions in the comments below and i’ll attempt to answer them.

 
#himiwayzebra #fattireebike #himiwayzebrastepthru
i hiked the appalachian trail (at) in 2021 and 2022

the atc gives out hang tags to thru hikers. these are examples of at hang tags. on the back, they print a leave no trace (lnt) item and in 2020, it was respect wildlife.


 
it is over 2,193 miles long stretching through 14 states from springer mountain in georgia to the top of mt. katahdin in maine. it will take 5,000,000 steps and i’ll go through 6 pairs of trail runner shoes.
i will be vlogging the hike on youtube. please subscribe to my channel and view various gear and hiking videos. if you click the little bell on a video page and then select all videos, you will be notified when i post new videos. my channel is jldrdotcom and is located here: https://www.youtube.com/user/jldrdotcom
2022 update!

in may of 2022, i drove to pa and stayed at a hotel near the at. i actually went to the at there and hiked for a day and then returned to the hotel. the next day, i was dropped off in harpers ferry, wv at the atc headquarters. i had my picture taken in front of the building and registered my hike. i then left to hike nobo on the at. my videos of this hike are on my youtube channel. my channel is jldrdotcom and is located here: https://www.youtube.com/user/jldrdotcom
i hiked for several days in wv, md and pa but ran into an issue with heat, humidity and not much water on trail. most of the time, the only water i found was by the shelters. i ended up calling the hike because it has only been a year since i had a quadruple bypass and the heat and humidity was getting to me.
i’m not sure what the future holds for me as far as backpacking on the at goes but i will be continuing overnight backpacking trips near home. thank you for following me. i will be adding videos on my channel on a regular basis.
to see all the gear i took in 2022, i created a 2022 gear video. click here or on the picture below to see that video. click on the other picture to see my 2020 gear video.
2022 gear
2020 gear

my 2021 appalachian trail experience

after getting on trail at amicalola falls state park, i proceeded to hike several days. during that time, i did some serious soul searching and decided that at this time in my life, my priority had to be taking care of things at home vs. being gone for up to six months away from friends and family. of course i would make tons of new friends on trail but i felt a calling home. the videos i made on trail turned out great and show a lot of the trail. i would have liked to have done many more.
as it turned out, it’s a good thing i went home because on the way home, my i felt my chest tighten up. it went away and then came back two months later. i went to the doctor and after testing, they told me i was having emergency open heart surgery the next day to correct several blockages. the surgery was successful i’m sure in part because i was in such good shape from preparing for the at hike. the recovery took several months and i did cardiac rehab from august 2021 to december 2021. during that time, my cardio improved 134%. the average improvement for people is 40%.
the at is drawing me back. i plan on doing a section hike in 2022. unfortunately, a full on thru hike in one year is not going to work for me. i’m also planning on doing some shorter backpacking trips closer to home with friends and family and i’ll be vlogging those trails when it happens. in the meantime, here is a stat you can think about: of all the people who begin a thru hike, only about 19% actually complete their hike (2020 data). that percentage has been going down during the last 15 years.
the appalachian trail is hard!!! most of the time, it seems like you are going up and a lot of the time, it is a steep up. i found that i enjoyed going down much more simply because i could get my breath. yes, the knees would hurt but at least i could breath normally. the trail also tears up shoes. in the few days i hiked, the toe flap in the front of both shoes was coming unglued and other areas of the shoes were showing signs of wear. you are constantly getting your shoes caught on rocks and roots. so for anyone out there who is contemplating hiking the appalachian trail, be aware that it will probably be harder than anything you have ever done before right out of the gate.  i hope you enjoy my vlog of my at hike.
monetary contributions – gear and thru hiking costs money and vlogging takes a lot of time and effort. if you enjoy my videos, consider donating. every dollar helps. 
paypal donations: https://paypal.me/jldrdotcom
venmo donations: www.venmo.com/jldrdotcom
 
what do you carry in your backpack to survive on a backpacking hike?
to see all the gear i took in 2021, i created a 2021 gear video. click here to see that video.
click on the picture below to watch my 2020 video showing all the gear i was taking in 2020.


 
i also created a gear page of gear i will be taking on the at. you can find the backpacking gear page. 
guess what? there are tons of privy’s / outhouses so you know i’ll be featuring some of them in my vlogs.
 

and now…how we got our company name

a long time ago, a friend and i were driving home from a week at the oshkosh airventure. we started talking about various business ideas and we decided that when people needed to learn or find out about a topic, we could do the research for them, formulate it into some kind of report and then give it to them. the term for the person who provides that service is an “information broker”. i got to thinking and all the data we would be researching was “loose data” kind of floating around out there on the web so that is why i formed the company, loose data research llc. i will still do research for those who need it. just use the contact menu drop down above to request our service.
my background is electrical engineering, business and technology management. i have been working with personal computers since they came out. i specialize in pc’s and not mac’s.
select from the menu selections above to learn about how we can help you with your computer consulting needs.
top

sponsors:
online homeschool at northgate academy
privacy policy











 



 

 

copyright © 1997-2024 created by loose data research llc

 



		proudly powered by wordpress	












 
enjoy this website? please spread the word :)
























































































































































































