


smart marriages


















smart marriages®


homecontactvideo clipsfind a marriage classbecome a marriage educatorcd/dvdsarchivemarriage quotesfree stuffask dr romanceconsidering divorce?

home » 



smart marriagesâ® conferenceswatch conference clipslistserv archivedirectory of programsfind a classspeakers bureaubecome a marriage educator /  instructorarticles, reports, researchcommunity marriage initiativesgetting started, funding, job listings, marriage weekimpact awardslegislationarticlesbooksmarriage quotesdiane sollee, director



search site




... or, you can also

search listserv archives
search directory













we finally know what's different about couples that stay happily married. it's not that they are better matched, better looking, more in love or more passionate. it's not that they have fewer differences or less to fight about. in fact . . . (click to continue) are you smart enough to have a smart marriage®?the #1 predictor of divorce...infidelity- you can recoverbefore you even think about divorce....read thisunwanted divorce? how to stop your divorce.  alternatives to marriage therapy and marriage counseling...how marriage therapy and marriage counseling can be hazardous to your marital healthask dr romance - marriage and relationship advicemarriage education on radio & tv - watch/listen to examples of marriage education classes  daily temperature reading - quick fix marriage advice/do-it-yourself marriage counseling  marriage quotes, wedding vows, cartoons & toasts what about cohabitation??what is it with men and commitment, anyway?single? how to avoid falling for a jerk (or jerkette) & the case against waiting too long marry (the optimal age to marry is mid twenties!)  stepfamilies and remarriage/stepparenting advice domestic violencewhat's your relationship iq?    strengthen marriage in your community strengthening marriages in your community: 101 ideas to get you started  an optimistic view of the future of marriage - diane sollee "in the beginning . . .  why marriage matters: 26 conclusions from the social sciences  gift certificate examples: templates for weddings, anniversaries, new baby, etcmarriage week - feb 7-14 plus year-round marriage activities/resources & whatsup?black marriage day - 4th weekend in march/ resourceshispanic marriage day - oct/resources marriage and the movies & marriage film festival at the smart marriages conferencemarriage & wedding rituals (read this if you're wedding planning/getting engaged) media    smart marriages® annual conferencesmart marriages orlando highlights just the keynotes   $150 million a year: what's all the commotion? is marriage a dinosaur? - marriage quiz the-case-for-marriage quiz men and commitment  does divorce make people happy?  








about | diane sollee, director | contact | books/dvds | gift certificates | free stuff | jobs | © 2025 cmfce, llc.
the words smart marriages® and smart marriage® and the couple puzzle logo are registered trademarks of cmfce, llc
the words smart marriages® and smart marriage® cannot be used in any context. the couple puzzle logo
cannot be used in any representation whether multiples, changed perspective, etc in the context of marriage or relationships.
copyright (©) - cmfce, llc










			application log
		

 
categorymessagetime spent (s)cumulated time spent (s)
 
 
application
showing content page for url key: index 
0.000000
0.000000
debuginfonoticewarningerroralertfatal