





the end-time pilgrim 





 


 
 
end-time pilgrim


a scripturally based devotional guide 
into the 70th week of daniel and the 
climactic final 7 years of this age.



  
 







the olivet discourse. 
"the disciples came to jesus privately, asking,

'tell us, when will these things be? 
and what will be the sign of your coming, 
and the sign of the end of the age?'"  -mat.24:3

they still come to him privately today, with the same two questions. 
and for those to who have ears to hear he answers, - privately.



about us



statement of faith


copyright release

 the articles, powerpoint presentations,
charts, diagrams, and videos on this website by
gavin finley are offered into the
kingdom of god for the purpose of fulfilling the

great commission of our lord jesus christ, to "make disciples of all nations". 
none of the articles are copyrighted. they are offered 
freely to all. you may abbreviate them, make abstracts
of them, and expand on them as you wish for use in christian ministry.
the articles, in whole or in part, may be linked, copied, or 
printed out for distribution into 
any and all venues, media, and publishing outlets without any restriction whatsoever. 
the time is late. i want this information to go viral. with these articles go
my prayers and best wishes to all. 


where will you spend eternity? 
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and with whom?



the commonwealth theology website  
 
this website on the subject of commonwealth theology 
contains a number of articles by myself and colleagues, 
dr. doug hamp, doug krieger, and chris steinle.
these articles embrace discussions about the 

commonwealth of israel from ephesians 2:11,12,13,14 and also  

reunion and reconciliation of the
two houses /two sticks of israel.
doug krieger has written the book, the 

commonwealth theology which is available on amazon. you may read it for free 
in a kindle pdf download for your tablet. 

as we gathered at the "one in messiah" conference held in sacramento on passover in 2018 
a number of speakers addressed this subject of the commonwealth of israel.
my presentation was on 
the law/grace fracture line in israel and its end-time restoration in messiah  
which is is archived on that youtube video. the holy one of israel has a grand plan underway here. 
in isaiah 49:6 he said that he would be finishing up 
his agenda of reunion, reconciliation, regathering, and restoration. this will be underway 
even as the saints take up the witness in the trials of the latter days. our messiah will wrap 
this up himself, even as the holy spirit glory descends in a blowout climax, 
at the consummation of the age. 




the great commission



dead sea scrolls - the great isaiah scroll 
click on the scroll to read in english. try isaiah 6 or 53.







the rock at horeb
that moses struck twice.







 






click to watch the free online video of the blockbuster discovery
made by jim and penny caldwell. 
the rock in the wilderness is four stories tall.
(please be discrete with whom you share this video. 
the real mount sinai, located in the ancient territory of midian, is in in s**di ar*6ia.)  




tim warner's breakthrough work on the mazzaroth, 
with mp3 audio messages for your ipod or other device. 








 
youtube videos


  




a-grade videos 

sinners in the hands of an angry god, part 1
and 

 ..... part 2 
by jonathan edwards - the new world, 1741. 
the 

180 movie
by ray comfort. 

the new world order 
by leonard ulrich.







christian movie trailers

'beyond the next mountain' 

'more than dreams' 

'god's outlaw' 

'time changer' 

'the radicals' 

'john wycliffe' 

'john hus' 










 
mp3 audio files            







'unfaithful shepherds' by tim warner. 










 
christian book promos            







'kundilini warning' by andrew strom. 

'the church and the tribulation' by robert gundry. 

'listen, i tell you a mystery' by richard perry. 

'the dead soul syndrome' by jay altieri. 








a kjv linear harmony of the 
olivet discourse by william s. hall jr.



a kjv linear harmony of the 
four gospels by william s. hall jr.




click on the image link to the left to go to a youtube video of the testimony of michelle hamilton, 
a 22 year old australian girl swept out into the south china sea on a small outrigger canoe into a tropical storm. 
for three days she was lost at sea and there she cried out to find that she was not alone.
michelle's website is aptly named, 
jonah ministries and the url is www.jonahministries.com.au
she has a deep appreciation for the hebraic roots of our faith and an interest in the blood covenant, atonement,
and the feasts of israel. there are a number of very wonderful pdf's of powerpoint teachings on these themes and 
freely accessible to all available on her website.




click on 

the trailer. 


 
more than dreams   

for decades, a phenomenon has been recurring in the muslim world. 
men and women – without any knowledge of the gospel and without any contact with christians – 
have been forever transformed after experiencing dreams and visions of jesus christ. 
reports of these supernatural occurrences often come from "closed countries" where preaching 
the gospel is forbidden and where converting to christianity can
invoke the death sentence. 
a common denominator appears to be that the dreams come to those
who are seeking to know and please god.
a wonderful movie/dvd has been made of five of those individuals. each found themselves drawn 
through a strait and difficult gate and into glories they could not have imagined.

the youtube videos below tell the stories of four of them.
click on the image at left to go to the website,



  youtube

 
 


the story of khalil       

part 1,     

2,    

3,       


the story of mohammed       

part 1,     

2,    

3,    

4,    

5,       


the story of dini       

part 1,     

2,    

3,   

4,    

5,           


the story of khosrow       

part 1,     

2,    

3,  




islamic conquest: 
what america needs to know
by bill federer, from the vcy rally 4/2/11
vcy america tv on vimeo.






featured articles


corrie ten boom comments on the current 
popular pre-trib rapture teachings
and brings a word of warning to the church.
 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


ruth b. graham, wife of billy graham,
expresses her thoughts concerning
the rapture.






light evangelism ministry website
 

please consider sending a donation to
a very worthy but underfunded mission in africa.  
light evangelism ministry (lem) is a faithful, well run, and very fruitful mission
operating in war torn and ebola ravaged liberia and guinea. you can see what is happening over there if you go to the

lem youtube channel


brother 
neh-kewon (mark) dahn and his wife eunice are from liberia. they established the ministry in 1989.
as the civil war began they were forced into exile across the border in the ivory coast. 
there brother mark taught himself french and during 7 years 
he worked as a construction foreman, pastored a church, and worked with sim.
i met mark in 1999 when he was over here in the us completing his biblical studies at pensacola christian college.
mark lives close by and we have worked closely together ever since. i am the board chairman of the mission and we have some very wonderful board members which include 2 ministers, 
two physicians and some very enthusiastic and gifted people committed to advance the mission for the glory of god. 
the light evangelism ministry was incorporated in the us as a 501-c3 ministry in 2005. our financial statements
are readily available and soon to be put up on the website. the mission runs on a shoestring. brother mark and his family live on a very limited salary and in very humble circumstances. 
over 70% of the funds raised actually go to west africa to support the mission. 


here in the usa brother mark serves with lem seeking ministry partners and raising support for the ministry
among the churches. meanwhile, in west africa a network of committed native pastors and evangelists are being assisted by lem in their ministry. 
the past ten years have seen over four thousand saved. the mission campus east of monrovia includes a guesthouse, a school
with 160 students, dormitories for orphans, and a clinic. this last year saw the foundations laid for a church. 
there is a jesus film outreach and children's bible conferences. many  
are being nurtured in the faith and churches are being planted in the hinterlands as well as across the borders in guinea and the ivory coast.
widows and orphans of the civil war are being helped and medicines are being dispensed. the mission performed a life-saving food disstribution program during the recent ebola crisis.
after 15 years of internal conflict there are many amputees.
550 wheelchairs have been shipped. half of them them have been assembled there
in liberia by the vocational arm of light evangelism ministry. however we need more funds to distribute them to those who really need them desperately in the back country.


after 15 years of civil war the roads in liberia are impassable in the wet season.
native evangelists and pastors are actually using the bicycles and the motorcycles
lem has provided to share the gospel. an orphanage and orphan support has been wonderfully assisted by people on our board. 
when the roads are passable the two toyota tacoma pick-up trucks we sent in are carrying the evangelistic crew and the equipment
for the "jesus film" to be shown in villages deep into the back country of liberia. 
through it all hundreds of lasting commitments are being made to jesus.
bibles are being provided and new believers are being nurtured in the faith.

 
this is a faithful mission. for those called to be stewards of the kingdom of god this a very good investment with eternal rewards. 
contributions can be made from the "donate" button on the bottom of the front page on the 

light evangelism ministry website or by 
clicking on the "donate" button below to the right.  if you prefer you may send a check by mail to the p.o. box address below to the left.
a receipt for tax purposes will be promptly mailed to you by our treasurer/accountant debra. 









 
light evangelism ministry 
p.o. box 4427
pensacola, fl  32507, 
usa


 


visits since nov. of 2000



 
 









if you would you like to create a link 
to the end time pilgrim  website click 
here.

the saints of days past.
do we remember them?. . .



christians in rome during the third 
century going up into the arena. this  
image is from the mansell collection. 
click on the image to go to 

foxe's book of martyrs.


recommending some excellent 
videos of church history  
'click' on the images below.








 "god's outlaw",

william tyndale,
translated the bible into english whilst in hiding 
within the evangelical merchant communities in holland 
germany, and belgium. here is a


youtube trailer of this wonderful film.
for years tyndale was hunted down 
by agents of king henry viii and the state 
licensed church of england the king established. 
tyndale was eventually betrayed 
by a mole, a double agent sent into europe by the
bishop of london. put on trial on a charge of heresy 
he was condemned and imprisoned. in october of 1536 
he was garroted and burned at the stake. crucial 
church-state lessons we never thought we 
would ever have to learn are brought to light in
this superb video for the end time pilgrims.


 

the swiss
and german anabaptists:
 
the world was not ready for their message. 
and they were not prepared to compromise.
see 
this short youtube video trailer. 
the stand they took during the horrific and bloody 
reformation
wars in their refusal to swear 
oaths of allegiance to political powers 
or to allow their children to be conscripted 
into catholic or reformist armies often cost them their lives.
their rejection of the sword was 
quite different from the church-state view 
embraced by the roman church, the reformers,
and the now dominant 


anglo-american puritans. 
this was truly radical christianity. their
affirmation of the kingdom of god in their
christian communion and community life is still
seen today in amish and mennonite church life. it
will be seen again in the 


70th week of daniel,
the final 7 years
of this present age. this dramatic and superbly
produced video addresses the crucial subject of
"the cross vs. the sword" and the issue of 
"political protection vs. spiritual preservation".
western christians will face this fork in the
road as they come into the end-time drama. will
they stay on the crusader/puritan/victorian path, the 
way of the sword? or
will they pass up onto 
the 


pilgrim pathway 
the highway of holiness?











the pensacola post-trib 
bible prophecy conference 

 
held in october of 2002 this was one of the very first meetings 
of post-trib evangelicals ever assembled. 
we heard some wonderful expositions of the holy scriptures
regarding the latter days. 
and the turnout?
it was pitiful.




creation science messages

by dr. sidney c. phillips jr. 
(my esteemed father-in-law).



  the classic book of daily devotional
readings compiled by mrs. chambers 
from the life ministry of scottish
minister j. oswald chambers. after
a ministry on four continents he
sailed for egypt in 1915 where he
ministered to the anzac soldiers
of australia and new zealand.




'prayer and fasting, a forgotten secret', 
by tom mcgregor & ron lagerquist.
the pilgrim's gateway into
spiritual and physical healing
and an entry into the miraculous.
this excellent canadian resource
includes some very practical information
on juice fasting & water fasting.




open doors  
with brother andrew.
the story of bible smuggling 
into the persecuted church in china and elsewhere
and how you can lend a hand.




a passage from job:
evolution? or creation?
 for those who may have
forgotten their creator;
and also those who in
the day of tribulation
become dark and morose,
and want to question god; 
he himself,
has a few questions to ask.



ezekiel's vision of  
the valley of dry bones

some inspiring old testament poetry.




holiness is not legalism

a sermon by john wesley, a famous
preacher of the evangelical awakenin
who ministered in 18th century england. 



an inspiring testimony 
from the diary of
christopher columbus. 




'the boy stood on the burning deck, . .'  
 

an inspiring poem  
for the end-time pilgrims.  





"if"   - by rudyard kipling.

another inspiring poem for
the end time saints.






simpson and his donkey;

gallipoli - 1915 
an inspiring story of devotion and sacrifice.




'it is not the critic
 who counts.. ' 
an inspiring speech for the end-time pilgrims
by theodore roosevelt. also known as


'the man in the arena' 



sadhu sundar singh
a short account of his life and testimony
as he ministered throughout india, in tibet,
then abroad including australia.





the laodicean lie!
a timely warning concerning the spiritual state
of today's lukewarm western church by david wilkerson.




'the lady of shalott'.
 she only knows of him in a mirror's
dim reflection, and in her tapestry 
images. her truelove and beloved, 
the one betrothed to her, has become
a fading memory. a classic and tragic
poem of a woman beguiled by a worldly
champion who draws her away away from
her bridegroom, the one to which she is betrothed. she has 
lost contact with him
and no longer really believes he will return.
similarly the established western church
no longer trusts the scriptures which 
clearly prophesy that her promised messiah 
will return. this poem is a spiritual dream-scape and a prophetic warning 
being expressed within the literature of our culture. is the lady of shalott a 
prophetic showcasing of our worldly ecumenical western church
today as she slowly and sadly drifts
down the river towards camelot/babylon in a tragic departure from the faith?




'the man from snowy river':

an inspiring australian poem
of a vigorous  and determined
regathering of the lost.





some key articles  
by other writers



 

these articles for the most part have been written by friends 
and kindred spirits who in their article are bringing out important truths on end-time themes.
i uphold the general word and spirit they are expressing in their article.  
of course some of these writers happen to hold views with which i disagree on 
other subject matter. please understand that i
am not endorsing a person but 
just the article here they have written. as always, use discernment 
and test the spirits, sentence by sentence, by the holy scriptures in the holy spirit. 


 the coming time of jacob's trouble. 


a wonderful biblically based and israel faithful article
warning against the anti-apocalyptic 
harlot, kingdom now, and dominionist
mindset that is sweeping through the church today. many are saying that
israel and the church will be brought into their final millennial glory by the present day
religious, ecumenical, political, and military powers. art katz refutes this.
he shows from the scriptures
that there will clearly be another 
scattering
and a final regathering of yhvh/god's covenant people in the latter days of this age. 
israel as we see it and discern it today and the church will both
enter into the apocalypse.
the jewish house of judah and the nations representing 
the lost ten tribes,
along with the global congregation and citizenship of the saints, the commonwealth of israel, 
will all enter into
the time of 
jacob's trouble, the crucible of the end-time. 
the terminus of the great tribulation will see the emergence of the 
single elect. the tribulation saints, refined as gold, will be heading up the parade of the saints of 
all ages. (see 
rev. 20:4-6.) all of the saints will enter into the glory together!
 - by art katz 


 the restoration of all israel in the coming apocalypse 


in this dissertation fred london, son of holocaust survivors, speaks to the issue of 
the purpose of the church or congregation /commonwealth of israel in the latter days. 
he addresses the witness of christian / messianic believers to their yet to be saved jewish brethren 
as well as the end-time witness to any and all those who have 
not yet heard the good news. redemption and salvation is to be found in the gospel 
through the atoning blood of yeshua hamashiach / jesus christ, the unleavened bread of heaven,
israel's promised sacrifice lamb. 
- by fred london 


 
the titanic: - lessons for the church in the 
latter days. will there be enough lifeboats? 


in this dissertation fred london examines the sinking of the titanic in 1912. 
there are a host of lessons to be gained from this tragic saga, and many of them
especially applicable to situation of the western church as we approach the climax of this present age.

- by fred london 




the notzrim and the jews 
the two houses of israel.
 
the notzrim are the 
lost ten tribes of israel.
and they are hidden from view right now,
.... for safekeeping. 
- by ben cohen. 
during succoth of 2007 the author had the privilege
of interviewing jewish scholar and author yair davidiy in jerusalem. 
i asked him about the notzrim.
here is 
that video. and here are the other

yair davidiy videos of that interview. 



two house theology, (or true israelology)


 this article and the contained video by zac bauer lays out the biblical case for the two houses of israel.
it describes their calling and purpose, their past history,
and their future history as they come together under messiah. 
the scriptures are clear. god fully intends to use them in the dual witness of the latter days
and reunite them into a single undivided elect. during the end-time drama they are to become
that "royal priesthood and holy nation" moses and the apostle peter both spoke about.




the post tribulation rapture
at the last trumpet

- by tim warner at 
 
answersinrevelation.org




pressing on into the kingdom

- by mike molyneux




the indifferent church

- by dene mcgriff of 


the tribulation network.


dominionism and the rise of christian imperialism
 will the church take over the world?
will the church conquer the world and deliver it up to christ on a platter?
this is an excellent expose' on dominion theology 
by sarah leslie. 


the jezebel spirit 
 here on pdf format is a superb article
on the jezebel spirit, what it is, and its history as showcased in scripture.
control over others is through witchcraft, which by definition is an illegitimate authority exerted over others by means of
intimidation and domination as well as seduction and manipulation. the legitimate authority 
god has established is crushed in order to set up in its place the luciferian kingdom of self.
christian compromise and entanglement with this spirit will be the 
basis of the end-time harlot kingdom john saw in 

revelation 17.
see also this chart
the article points out where the jezebel spirit is operating through people in our society today.
the author is someone named eddie. 


lifted up on eagle's wings
 this short story tells of a god who intervenes into human history.
he does it in miraculous ways, moving heaven and earth and even seas for the ones he loves. 
when his covenant people are being pursued by an overwhelming enemy 
it may seem that there is no hope. their backs are against the wall. 
behind them is the encroaching enemy. before them is a raging sea of death.
but then, something happens. and wonder of wonders, they find a way of deliverance opening up before them.  
this short personal narrative bridges the time gap from the red sea crossing
to the future events that will occur at the climax of the age. 
there is a point of commitment. then we discover that we are being invited into a serendipity.
it is a wonder, a happy surprise, a glorious hope.
the author is david g. sloss. 


spiritual authority 
god's vs. man's
 this is an excellent article
on the much muddied subject of spiritual authority
by ron and karen schwartz. 


an inspiring testimony of 
deliverance from the occult
 this wonderful testimony
of salvation and deliverance from the occult is
by dr. james petzold. 



a warning concerning the 
"purpose driven life" deception
 
an online e-book offered freely to the saints by tamara hartzell.
it seems that the "purpose driven life" movement while it has blessed many 
also has its dark side. this time it is evangelicals who are being drawn into ecumenism and a movement that amounts to 
"church unity through compromise". 
our greco-roman religious philosophies and mind-games know no bounds.
our religious fads have gone from positive thinking to possibility thinking and then on to 
positive confession. 
the present fad, continuing the "p" tradition is the so called purpose driven life.
man-centered religious humanism based upon helenistic greek logic 
is again being sold to the church masses as something holy, which it is not. 
we are getting reports that the purpose driven life movement is going into churches 
and expelling church members who uphold biblical faith, biblical doctrine, and the way of the cross. 
in his book the leader of the movement
is actively and purposefully shooing christians away from 
the holy scripture as they relate to vital issues of the end time.
once again establishment churchmen are trying to block out biblical truth 
as it relates to th critical task of 

preparation of the saints in the latter days.
this is a grievous action being taken against god's holy word, against his holy people, and against his holy spirit. 
christians will one day be going up to witness in the 

end time drama. 
to see the saints being denied god's faithful word on the critically important matter is a travesty.
the sheep of god's pasture are not being fed the milk and meat of god's word. 
instead they are sold the usual empty pods of religious motivational hype, psychobabel and a syruppy mishmash of 

disinformation about the end-time. 
christians are not being properly informed concerning their vital role of witness at 

the climax of the age.
churchgoers are left as foolish virgins, unprepared for the coming darkness.
the midnight hour will surely come. 
and in the gathering darkness when the lamps are sputtering 
many will find themselves 
without the oil and at the point of burnout. 
a coming 

great apostasy is out there in the future. (2thes.2:3)
western christians are not being prepared in the holy scriptures and in the holy spirit. 
this "cloaking" and "coralling" of the word of god by the "purpose driven movement" is a harbinger of the coming

harlot religious system. 
in times to come many christians will be spiritually unprepared.
in the hour of trial many will not be able to stand.
they will deny the faith.  
there will be a 
great falling away. 
a church that denies and witholds biblically correct information on the returning christ 
is leaving the saints ill-prepared and without a sound foundation
in the true and genuine faith of our fathers. 
corrie ten boom has warned us about this very thing. 
christians in the west still slumber on their beds of ease and luxuriate in their dreams of 
personal glory, self-esteem, material prosperity in this world, and a coming

world dominion by a church universal and triumphant and this before messiah returns. 
true christians are with a biblical world view have a more sober perpective.
they are responding to the high calling in christ. this is a "purpose" that is far more glorious 
than anything ecumenical churchianity can offer. the true saints are waking up. 
they are preparing themselves spiritually. 
they know that the hour is late!




rebuilding the church from the ground up.


by mike molyneux of new zealand. 
when faced with the compromising church we see in the west today we have no other option.
with the holy bible open before us and the holy spirit as our guide we must start over from the beginning.  
quite clearly this is now our mandate. "if the foundations are destroyed what can the righteous do?"
(see psalm 11:3,4). is this restoration of the foundations happening now among 
god's chosen elect? 
is god calling out a new "ekklesia", a new church, a new
"called out assembly"? oh yes. has he not already called for new wine-skins, (mark 2:22),
 even as the true 
new wine is to be served from joseph's table in the latter days? 
the pdf version of this article is here. 
email: mike.molyneaux@xtra.co.nz 




the lost ten tribes of israel 

 - by orthodox jewish/australian
scholar yair davidiy who 
resides in jerusalem. yair has carefully researched 
this subject and has written extensively on it.
his book, 'the tribes' is available at the 

britam.org website.
during succoth of 2007 the author had the privilege
of interviewing yair davidiy in jerusalem. we videoed the interview and divided it into topics.
here are those 

yair davidiy videos. 




the dead soul syndrome

this book is in depth, theological bible study 
on our current spiritual state after the fall, 
and how many will be changed into new life in 
the glorious resurrection-rapture yet to come.  
- by jay altieri. 



the historical origins of the 
pre tribulation rapture doctrine

- by ed tarkowski




facing the master

 
an important message regarding our 
attitude towards the shepherd of israel,
our lord jesus christ. this article was written
by a good friend of mine from germany, markus reins.




by your patience possess your souls

 
a message from luke 21:19. as we come into the trials of latter days it will not be our might, our power, our politics, or our military that
will prevail. rather it will be through the graces, the fruits of the holy spirit, prominent among them being the fruit of patience, 
that the end-time witness will be completed.
patience will be the main recourse 
and strength of the elect in those days to come.
from revelation 3:10 we see that "keeping (or preserving), the word of his patience" is a vital key to the end-time witness, 
and with it the final victory of the saints.
all the glory for this will be going to god. this article was written
by my friend from germany, markus reins.




blood covenant
 (english version)


blutbund
 (german version)
this is a helpful article on the blood covenant dimension 
to our christian faith.
- by markus reins (with gavin finley)



the true church 
 
this is an excellent article linked from the 

seven stars website 
of markus reins. it lays out the foundation of the true church which is founded upon
a simple sincere faith in our lord jesus christ.
- by 



the ongoing reconciliation
of all israel.

 - by rabbi moshe koniuchowsky.



the end time solution 
to replacement theology!

- by rabbi moshe koniuchowsky.


coming as a thief in the night


will jesus return as a thief in the night to christians? 
no at all. this is how he will surprise the wicked! 
- by richard perry of 


lastdaysmystery.info


imminency. is it in the bible?


this popular doctrine has been crafted by men and is very popular. 
but it is not supported by holy scripture.

 - by richard perry


the great rapture debate


my friend richard perry, (post-trib), debated thomas ice, (a noted pre-trib
author). mr. perry brought the holy scriptures to bear
on the important end-time issues. 
the biblical truth relating to the last day, post-tribulation 
resurrection-rapture was very well presented.

 - by richard perry



the prayer of jabez:
 
out of sorrow and travail
a cry of petition brings 
the favour of god.
- by pastor j. mcnair


legends of gog and magog,
 dark angelic spiritual rulers
are held constrained beyond
the caucasus mountains, or
"mountains of darkness".
at the end of this age rosh,(head), the chief angelic ruler will 
stir up the hordes of gog to
burst forth from their
bronze/iron curtain". pouring down through the caucasus region they will
erupt into history. see
ezek.38-39 & rev.9:14. this is a
literary/cultural study 
by sylvia volk.


the anabaptists

all evangelicals should know and understand
the history of the anabaptists.
because the very same pattern of ecclesiastical persecution of evangelical biblical christians seen in the 1500's 
will be repeated in the end time drama during the first half of the 

70th week. 
the compromised established harlot church will again be persecuting
devoted christians, the saints, the true and faithful witnesses of jesus christ. 
here is a link to the

anabaptist.org website.




guest writers


  in this section are some excellent articles
written by trusted friends 
and kindred spirits. it is a privilege to
provide this venue for these faithful 
devotional writers. 


the final act
of this age


 - by carol mccarthy



salvation is a covenant with god. 

 - by tim lee


the coming wars

-by clevetta herndon r.n.


 'the fourth cup'

by robin neil




short stories







'you and i were there
the day jesus died'


by patrick jett.


'the place of a skull'


by lynn williams.




spiritual dreams







god visits in a dream with
wonderful encouragement.


by melvin thompson.







 the rapture train shuffle 
 
or an eye opening visit to 

 the glory train! 
 
- a play 


a post tribulation hammerlock
  
- are you jacob?



preterism is a deception:

 
a slide show revealing those important
bible prophecies pertaining to our future.
this vital information on the end-time
is being 'cloaked' by this false and deceptive doctrine.




a third jewish temple; 
- and world peace?

an introduction to the future third
jewish temple built during a future interim world peace.
 


 the 144,000
finally! a group of mortal saints will go right on through
into a sold-out devotion to god.
they will be drawn past erotic
love to go straight into agape love and into indescribable glories beyond.



the post tribulation
resurrection-rapture 
at the last day" 

 
'resurrection', 'rapture' and 'last day'.
here we have a three piece jigsaw puzzle.
let's connect these three pieces together 
using the relevant scriptural passages. 
behold! what do we find? 



 
moses's prophecy
of the latter days

 
3500 years ago moses in the 'song of moses'
brings a word of warning concerning a

 
future tribulation

and a word of encouragement
to god's covenant people. would this include 
us as christian believers?
oh yes!




'left behind', or 'dereliction 
of duty on the high seas'.
 
are we in the western church entertaining notions
of deserting? this sea story from acts 27
 packs a powerful lesson concerning the virtues of
patience and loyalty. it involves 
the shipwreck of our apostle paul.


 
the post-tribulation rapture  
 
pre-trib or post trib? does it matter? 
it certainly does! one view causes us to 
prepare our hearts with all diligence and 
devotion in blood covenant commitment
towards our lord jesus christ. 
 ..... the other does not.
 



the order of melchizedek
 
the dual offices of melchizedek as high priest and king are in
christ our coming messiah. he will unite
the kingdom, (in the throne of david in judah), 
with the priesthood, which is wrapped up in the ministerial gospel
burden of the church.
the kingdom, (in the
returning repenting refined remnant of the jewish house of
judah in israel), will be reunited 
with the refined remnant church. "and so all israel shall be saved." 
this epic and glorious re-uniting of both houses of the former greater israel,
will heal the breach of jeroboam. and the two sticks ezekiel saw
will become one. 
(ezek. 37:15-28). 
messiah will achieve all this as he refines the gold in
the crucible of the end-time drama.



 the great tribulation
according to moses
 
moses prophecy is a message for the church.
oh yes, he has something to say to us!






 
god's redemption story 
in the constellations.

by gavin finley 





starchart of the 
lesser sheepfold  



  the saints vs. 
the new world order



the edomites in the end time 
and the 
second coming of christ (messiah) in wrath and  
deliverance at the 'sheepfolds of bozrah'. 



the virginia tech shootings 
here we have a murderous genocidal spirit committing outrages against innocents.
have we seen this spirit before? indeed we have. it is the spirit of esau.

the edomites are hidden in our midst. they will rise up and rage against god and his covenant people
as we approach the end of this age.



gnosticism inside the church
 
entranced by the medieval romances and 
in bondage to her own carnal fantasies the 
established western church, like hosea's 
wife 
gomer, is still held captive under the 
sword of her 
thorny worldly lovers.




the return of messiah as 'the breaker' 
at the sheepfolds of bozrah
 
the bozrah deliverance prophesied in 
micah chapter 2 is part of the second 
coming of christ. yet this important 
and truly magnificent 
part of the story has not been told.



the church of laodicea;
today's lukewarm church?
 
this church is destined to be spewed out in
the latter days. but wait! all is not lost.
the beloved is at the door!


is the church gomer?

 
do we, as gomer, place our faith
primarily in our worldly princes 
and our political lovers?



 the council of nicaea.

 
this was the first great tragedy 
of compromise entered into by the church. was
the church seduced by rome? 
was the nicaean church-state covenant of 325 a.d.
a foreshadowing of the dan.9:27 deal
with a certain future 'peacemaker'?
someone who will later be 'revealed' 
as the antichrist?  




the end time apostasy 
or "great falling away". 
 
this 'dark night of the soul'
is out there in our future.
it will be the ultimate challenge to our faith.
are we prepared to face it? 



an end time harlot rides
a beast with ten horns.
 
dan.9:27 begins the drama of the end time.
a harlot will emerge as the initial ruling power 
over a ten horned global system. today's world 
sees ten geo-political regions forming. then 
we have the discovery of a secret new  
world order map. (see below).


(from the pennsylvania crier)



a new world order map

of ten future,(?emerging)
global bio-regions.






end time bible prophecy
 
is it just a chamber of horrors as
our pre-tribulation rapture friends have
asserted? or might it possibly be a
threshold into unspeakable glories? 




'lest we forget'

we are a forgetful people. yes, there have been many burdens
and many trials.
many fine people have made untold sacrifices in war and in peace.
and they should be remembered.
but through it all one basic underlying question remains unanswered.
why did these things have to happen?
and through all our histories,who is it that we might have forgotten?




is the sabbath the hebrews kept before nicaea actually our tuesday?

before the 4th century rome used an 8 day week, labeled a to h called the nundinal cycle.
a new seven day week was crafted at the council of nicaea in 325 a.d.
the roman powers at nicaea set forth their 7 day weekly cadence and the 7th day saturday we now have installed in our current roman solar / perpetual calendar.
the jewish sage hillel ii, undoubtedly under roman pressure, followed with the very same 7 day 
cadence with the calculated hebrew calendar he established under the roman authorities in 359 a.d.. 
did the romans and their byzantine church synchronize their new 7 day week with the original hebrew weekly cadence?
we have good evidence that they did not. the text link above goes to a pdf.
and here is the powerpoint.



a short treatise on
rationalism and existentialism.
rationalism was an ideological basis for the
so-called "enlightenment"
of the 18th century. rationalism, human reason, became the guiding light of the 

french revolution and the subsequent secularist regimes
of national/state socialism, (nazism/fascism),  and international socialism,(communism).
the godless humanism of rationalism has failed in every national political system
where utopians have tried to make it work. quite clearly this world awaits the coming of the true messiah.



"after two days he will revive us".
  
hosea prophesies an epic revival - hos. 6:2
hosea's prophecy of a revival after "two days" 
reached the set time in the fall of 2003.
so have we entered the threshold of the promised
 
end time revival? 
 



the latter rain revival
 
the name 'latter rain' has been claimed 
by a dubious religious movement. it was 
declared to be heretical by the assemblies of god
in the 1950's. the latter rain movement, 
which is linked to
 
dominion theology, is back.
it is carnal, compromised, and now more powerful
than ever. nevertheless,
the promise of a true and genuine 'latter rain' or
 
end time revival
is clearly set forth in the holy scriptures.
when will this promised great outpouring 
of the holy spirit occur? 
and under what circumstances? 



two turtledoves in lieu of a lamb.
 
a clue to millennial citizenship? 



the restrainer of the antichrist, 
beast demon of the bottomless pit.
 
 
the book of daniel reveals the
identity of one who is known as 
"he who restrains"
from 2thessalonians 2:7



 
the coming millennium 
of messiah  or the

 kingdom of god on earth. 
 
a future thousand years under messiah is
surely coming. it is
mentioned six times in rev. 20:1-7. we also see it
 in the old testament millennial
prophecies and poetry. this clearly refutes 
the augustinian doctrine of amillennialism. 


the marriage supper of the lamb 
 
celebration is part of the character of our god.
and he celebrates big. at the marriage supper of the lamb
he gathers with all his covenant people. 
all the saints will be there in a joyful
reunion. the glory of this consummation
is beyond our powers to describe.




loving god, and the 
discerning of end-time truth 
 
is there romance in the last days?
it seems that john, the writer of the book of revelation,
was the apostle of love. 
and the love of god's covenant people
for their coming messiah is the key to understanding end-time truth.
only in that devotion and in that love-walk of grace and obedience
will they understand 
just what is happening
at the climax of this age. 



 
beauty and the beast

 
the quintessential element of the end-time drama
is the final conflict between the eternal covenant, a devotion to god in christ,
and a coming 7-year peace treaty/covenant with a self worshipping luciferian 
peacemaker, a false messiah who will later be 'revealed' to become the 
666 antichrist.
for many in christendom and many in 
the nation of israel it is unclear at present just 
who they will end up following. 
this conflict of devotion, (and its climactic resolution),
 is what the coming 

 
great tribulation, and the

 
end-time revival
 
(which comes with it),
is all about.




the puritan dream 
and 'manifest destiny'
 
they sailed from england with a dream. 
their puritan vision was for the new world 
to be a 'nation under god' and a light to the world. 
this later crystallized into a sense of 'manifest destiny' 
and a belief that americans in the new world will 
lead the world into their dominion and
ultimately global peace and security.




the hidden roots of 
raging anti-colonialism.
 
a new book on anti-colonialism by dinesh d'souza has provided
a new perspective on political character.
in this article we go deeper than politics to reveal an important
root cause of the raging anti-colonialism that stirs up
people to hate the west, or more specifically, to hate the 
the judeo-christian messiah who is the god of the west.
 








 
by gavin finley md 







the commission    
 - from matthew 28:18-20 




the calling    
 - from isaiah 62:6 




the watch    
 - from ezekiel 33:6 




the zeal    
 - from jeremiah 20:9 







 
featured youtube video                    





 
america, the uk, russia, germany,  
and france in bible prophecy  


 











 
all videos on the youtube channel                   





 
the fall feasts of israel and the final 7 years   
 
daniel's prophecy of the 70 weeks   
 
the commonwealth of israel web-page 
and a number of embedded videos.   
 
the true blood moon of jesus, joel, and john   
  
gavin is interviewed by dr. douglas hamp   
  
the yair davidiy interview videos   
  
gavin is interviewed by pastor rob cartledge   
 
light evangelism ministry - liberia   










  
the powerpoint presentations used 
used to create the youtube videos 
along with their pdf's and web pages..
   










 
streaming mp3's - radio shows                
 




 
interview with christopher mantei 
on the

wings of the eagle radio program


to play the mp3 click 

here.




 
a radio interview hosted by chris steinle with 
james taylor of 
endtimeovercomers.com.


to play the mp3 click 

here.



the weby 1330 am radio show 

"america in bible prophecy" 
with pastor carl gallups. 
 


to play the mp3 click 

here.



interview with brian simmons on the concurrent 

great end-time apostasy and 
great end-time revival.



to play the mp3 click 

here.











 
chart room




 
daniel's 70th week   
 also called the 
 
tribulation chart. 
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 
the first 69 weeks of 
daniel's 70 week prophecy   


 
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 
the fall feasts and daniel's 70th week. 



 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 
the the final 7 years of this age. is a time segment of 2550 days inclusive. 
the time segment spanning yom teruah / tishri 1   
with tishri 10 / day of atonement / yom kippur 7 years   
later in certain 7 year spans of years with 86 moons can measure out 
a precise match of 2550 days in the span. 
it appears that these two yet to be fulfilled fall feasts of 
israel can, and probably will, mark the beginning and end of the final seven years of this age.

 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .


 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .






 
the 1260 days, (last half), of the 70th week   
 
the 1290 days and the 70th week  










major discovery #1
the fall feasts of israel stake out 
the final 7 years of this age. 




the final seven years of this age,
a period of 


1260 days 
+ 

1290 days 
or 2550 days is staked out precisely by the first two of the 

fall feasts of israel.
in 2003 this author discovered that 
when the seven year tishrei to tishrei time span is 86 moons
in the 
metonic cycle, (and not 87 moons) 
and when we begin counting out the days from yom teruah, the hebrew new year, rosh hashanah, or the 

feast of trumpets considering this tishrei 1 date as day #1  
and then count out into the seven year or 86 moon plus 9 day time span 
which is 2549 days beyond that we come to 
day #2550
to discover that we have arrived right on tishrei 10, the

day of atonement.
this epic future yom kippur or day of atonement will come into its new covenant fulfillment
 at the end of the final seven years of this age with the

trumpets of jubilee blowing 
to announce the year of jubilee,
the opening year of the millennium of messiah. 

see 


this you tube video, or 



this powerpoint or 


this pdf file of that same ppt. 


major discovery #2
the day of atonement will be 
the last day of this age.
 




 
the day of atonement
is not appreciated for what it is. it is the last day of this age. this yom kippur of all the yom
kippurs that have gone before it is grand central station to the end-time.
it is the  'last day' of this present evil age.
atonement for sin is a legal matter. and as a legal matter this final 
day of reckoning / day of (blood) covering / day of accounting /  day of reconciliation
 
will see messiah as high priest bring the ultimate blood covering upon the mercy seat 
for all the saints, both the living and the dead.
only then can the harvest angels be released to execute. 
at sunset space-time will unzip and the heavens will be rolled back on the 
day of the lord.
the angels of wrath will then pluck up the wicked, gathering them as tares or weeds 
and bundling them up to be burned in the everlasting fires of hell. 
after this and on a day and hour unknown, the elect  will be glorified in the 
resurrection-rapture.
messiah will then sort out the mortals that remain in the 
sheep-goat judgment.
then he will establish his 1,000 year millennial kingdom here on earth to the praise of men. 
see 
 
this you tube video, or 



this powerpoint or 

this pdf file of that same ppt. 


major discovery #3
israel's missing jubilees; - found!
 




israel's missing jubilees have been found!
the 
70 weeks prophecy are ten 49 year jubilee cycles of 490 biblical years and they 
take us right through to the climax at the very last day of the age. 
the ten jubilees are neatly gift wrapped up in those 490 biblical years, the seventy sevens, the time god has "determined" for his holy city and his holy people.
the 
70 weeks timeline
has been "determined" or "cut out of time" by god for dealings with all his covenant people from both houses of israel. see daniel 9:24.
from daniel 9:27 we see that there are seven years remaining out of those 490 years. 
the seventy weeks of daniel ends in spectacular fashion, as we might expect, with that long awaited epic jubilee of messiah.

see 


this you tube video, or 



this powerpoint or 


this pdf file of that same ppt. 



major discovery #4
america, the uk, russia, germany, 
and france in bible prophecy
 




america, the uk, russia, germany, and france in bible prophecy
and


america in bible prophecy


hidden in the book of daniel lie many mysteries, many sealed up but set to unfold 
in the latter days. one of them, in daniel 7:7, is triggered by our study of the 
aramaic word "qodam". when we do our homework and look into this the seal preserving a mega-mystery 
is broken. a 2550 year old prophecy then opens up before our eyes. 
not only do we see america in bible prophecy, but also the uk, russia, germany, and france.



see 


this you tube video, or 



this powerpoint or 


this pdf file of that same ppt. 











welcome to the
pilgrim pathway! 
 
an introduction to this website.

new (and important!)



yom teruah

 
this is the biblical name for the


feast of trumpets  
 
or 

rosh hashanah.  
 
the word 

'teruah' is strong's hebrew word #h8643 and it is a 
big new lead for those interested in bible prophecy and the feast of trumpets.
the word teruah in hebrew is absolutely loaded with some very telling connections
which give meaning to this very important upcoming feast, moed, or divine appointment.


33 biblical references to the word 'teruah' 
are just sitting there in the kjv waiting for us to search and study them out. 
these verses have not yet been explored! no one is talking about this awesome mother-lode of biblical info yet.
why not? lets get on with it! let's do our homework people! here are two youtube videos to get us started.
they are 

yom teruah, the teruah, and the teruah shofar blast   
and this one,


yom teruah, the day of shouting and the day of blowing of trumpets of alarm. 





the american solar eclipse of 2017
a harbinger of the coming tribulation?
 
in august of 2017 and 30 days before the new moon of 
the feast of trumpets 
a solar eclipse passed across the usa
from coast to coast. this has not happened since 1918 when 
american president woodrow wilson attempted to set up world governance under the league of nations. 
but that is not all. seven years later, in 2024 another solar eclipse will cross the us from another direction.
the two eclipses are making a big x right across the us, the final superpower of western christendom.




the true blood moon of the apocalypse

2014 and 2015 saw a lunar eclipse tetrad that 
darkened the full moon of passover and tabernacles. 
the lunar eclipses were called "blood moons". this was very unfortunate. 
why? because that designation cloaks and obfuscates the 
true blood moon of the apocalypse and the other two accompanying cosmic signs, 
that of the darkening of the sun and the constellations with stars falling. 
these epic cosmic signs will last 30 days right at the climax of this present era. 
the true and genuine apocalyptic blood moon will be seen right up to the last day, 
the 
day of atonement at the end of this present evil age. all three cosmic signs 
will be seen right up to the opening of the 

day of the lord.

new



the reunion and restoration 
of the two houses of israel


the holy scriptures repeatedly and in great detail
present the story of the latter days as a time of 
trial and testing and also a time when the great awakenings come
to reveal the great mysteries. one of them is the promised 
reunion and restoration of israel. this is a wonder and a glory 
yet to unfold as we come into the latter days and the prophecies are unsealed. 



the brexit vote and bible prophecy


the brexit vote with great britain leaving the european union comes as no surprise.
great britain never really was part of europe.
now the whole pseudo-democratic bureaucracy of the eu is on shaky ground. if germany leaves the eu too, and perhaps also france
then the eu may become financially insolvent and defunct. this would absolutely destroy the old bible prophecy dictum that the new word order beast system 
will come from a powerful future "ten nation european confederacy". 


what then, is the real story? 
well, the beasts daniel saw in vision in daniel 7 and the powerful modern superpowers  
they represent provide us with our answer.



'paradise road'

an prophetic and exhortational poem of the end-time drama
inspired by hebrews 12:1,2 and the film, 

paradise road. 



the anabaptist legacy of the amish and mennonites
and the end-time witness of the saints


the anabaptists were ahead of their time.
the tumultuous history of central europe in the 1500's drew them into a radical separation from the church-state politics of this world 
and to holiness before god.
they rejected of the sword of the flesh and took up the sword of the spirit, god's holy word.
this is the legacy they have handed to us, the biblical christians 
of the west, as we come to the climax of the age.



the seventy weeks of daniel; 
an extensive biblical and
astronomical study
 

daniel's prophecy of the 70 weeks is an
an important key to bible prophecy. the


edict of artaxerxes longimanus
given to nehemiah
on the new moon of nisan in the springtime of 
445 b.c. faithfully fulfills 
the biblical criteria to fire the starting gun for the
'70 weeks prophecy'.
the solar and lunar cycles can accurately mark off the 173,880 day 
of the first segment of 69 weeks to arrive
on the 10th day of the nisan moon in 32 a.d.. this day was

32 a.d.
4 days before messiah is "cut off". he was executed on passover.
on that very day jesus rode into jerusalem on a donkey, precisely as zechariahah had prophesied. (zech. 9:9)
this was the first and only official public and political appearance of jesus
as "messiah the prince". it was the

palm day.
this 10th day of nisan, 32 a.d. marked the terminus of the 69 weeks.
in #7 of this series of articles 

and youtube videos
we present the nasa lunar calculations confirming the remarkably accurate findings of 19th century
evangelical scotland yard inspector  
sir robert anderson. here online is
in his book  
'the coming prince'. a minor two day variance over 476 odd years is of no consequence.
we are looking here at a confidence level of 1 in 100,000 or 99.999 % accuracy.
daniel's prophecy clearly indicates that one 'week', 
the   
'70th week' of the seventy weeks prophecy
is still most certainly out there in our future. 
this climactic future seven year timespan will mark the 
final seven years of this age.



the future 70th week
 
a faithful diligence in the study of 

daniel's 70 weeks prophecy
will show that there is a future 70th week. it is the final seven years of the prophecy and 
the 

final seven years of this age. and yes,
some blockbuster issues will be addressed by christian believers in this coming time period. 
there is to be an end-time witness
of the saints, an 
end-time revival, and a full and complete 
restoration of all israel. a host of marvelous mysteries are
yet to be unveiled and revealed before men and angels.
unfortunately established churchianity does not want to hear about this.
those into dominion theology think that christianity 
can take over the world and establish the kingdom now without messiah needing to return to do it.
so a raging sea of 
religious disinformation is being thrown against daniel 9:27.
and a resurgent preterism  is trying to make the truth of a 
future 70th week "go away".



daniel's vision of the ram and he-goat
 
the prophet daniel saw the attack of the he-goat upon the ram.
the story begins with the campaign of alexander 
the great into medo-persia. it continues with the seleucids
and the king of the north out of which comes the little horn.
then the story gets personal.
it grabs us, takes us "back to the future",
and compels us to face things we do not want to hear about.



the wheat and the tares
 
the parable of the wheat and the tares was a prophecy of the end-time harvest taught by jesus.
as incredible as it may seem, certain people, the seed of heaven, and the seed of the devil, 
will be gathered off the face of this earth in the coming awesome 
day of the lord.
he said that the tares, (the followers of  the wicked one), would be plucked up first. see mat. 13:30. 
the harvest of the wheat, the good seed sowed by the son of man will then follow.
the children of the kingdom, will go up in  
(the resurrection-rapture). see 1thes. 4:15,16,17.
does this mean that the righteous, (the wheat in the parable), 
will actually see the wicked being carried off kicking and screaming by their angels, those evil angels of wrath?
will the righteous "see the reward of the wicked" as spoken of in psalm 91:7,8?
and since the harvest is an execution
of that preceding finalizing legal matter, the epic 
day of covering, the last day judgment, the day of sentencing, (the day of atonement), 
when must we conclude that this two-fold harvest will occur?



the deliverer is coming!
 
the ending scene of the movie "the searchers" starring john wayne
is a classic. it illustrates many elements of the return of messiah as the breaker.
here is the movie clip along with some reflections on the coming of the deliverer. 



why are christians turning against israel?
 
many evangelicals are now turning against israel and laying charges against the jewish house. 
in view of our situation in western christendom this is hypocritical and judging before the time.
just as we accuse the jewish house of being the compromised and partially blind company 
we in christendom are compromised and partially blind to our situation as well.   



the gifts of the holy spirit in the coming tribulation
 
many fundamentalist christians are declaring the gifts of the holy spirit are not for today. they say that these gifts 
ceased with the first century church. but are they being deceived, even manipulated?
is it possible that we shall need these gifts as we face the challenges that lie ahead?
are not the nine gifts and nine graces an essential part of the equipping, part of the spiritual armory of the saints 
for the end-time witness in the latter days?  



the post-tribulation rapture and hitler!
 
after many years of presenting biblical truth about the end-time scenario
it seems that most biblical christians in the west do not open their bibles.
instead they listen to and are hypnotized by teachers who teach a comfy pre-tribulation rapture, a

doctrine of desertion that is without any 
biblical foundation whatsoever. 
perhaps we in the western nations are indeed 


tricky jacob after all.
so, what to do?
perhaps a parody, a spoof, might help?



appeal to heaven!
 
this was the standard and the ensign raised at america's beginning.
the same appeal to heaven will go up in times to come, not
just from the heartland of america but also from the heartland of 
israel and all the nations of western christendom.



a place of refuge during the tribulation
 
there are many scriptures indicating that there will be a place of refuge
during the coming storm, the 
great tribulation. 
we know that this is first and foremost a spiritual place of communion in god.
but will there also be a physical place of refuge away from the 666 economic system
during those 
final 3.5 years of this age? 
the prophet micah spoke of this in micah 2:12,13. 
and the apostle john wrote of this in rev. 12:6,14.
and before the holy scriptures were written
the ancient patriarchs pieced together this glorious end-time story  
in the names and in the layout of the stars in the constellations. 
nimrod's agenda at the tower of babel was to pervert god's celestial message. 
and so 
the mazzaroth was twisted by profane ambitious humanistic 
men to become what we see today, the horoscopes of the zodiac.
the latter day gathering and the end-time deliverance of 

the elect is outlined for us in the constellation
of the lesser sheepfold, 
the ancient name for the little dipper or ursa minor.
this must be a huge epic end-time exodus involving perhaps tens or even hundreds of millions of people.
so, where will this place of refuge be? it cannot be petra, a small canyon of rock caves in jordan. 
it is far too small. and logistically this confined space would be a death trap in this 
age of fuel bombs and poison gas.
and petra is situated right in the war zone of the latter days.
no, the mystery bozrah 
must of necessity be a much bigger and safer place. 
poetic bible prophecy suggests that (mystery) bozrah, 
the place messiah visits on his return as we see in


isaiah chapter 63 
will be out at 

'the ends of the earth'.




the coming year of jubilee.
 
there is a lot of speculation about the 
coming year of jubilee. biblical christians
are beginning to understand that the jubilees are exclusively linked to the seventy weeks prophecy. see

this youtube video. 
the 
seventy weeks prophecy, a time segment of 490 years,
is stated by the holy spirit to begin with seven sevens or 49 years. this is a jubilee cycle.
and the 490 years of the seventy weeks is a perfect match for exactly ten 49 year jubilee cycles
which indicates its terminus will come right on a jubilee.
but that is not all. the trumpets of jubilee 
are sounded on the 
day of atonement.
furthermore, we now have evidence from our studies of the 

fall feasts of the lord
that the day of atonement as a matter of legal necessity must precede and usher in
the day of the lord
which will see the execution of god's wrath and his deliverance.
this final yom kippur, (day of covering), will come at the end of 1260 + 1290 or

2550 days. 
so yom kippur, the day of atonement, 
will come into its new covenant fulfillment on the very 

last day of this present evil age. 
all of this indicates that there is an epic future tishrei 10 hebrew calendar date out there
somewhere in our future. it will come at the end of a future seven year time span, the 

70th week of daniel.
on this awesome future 
day of reckoning
the trumpets will sound. the heavens will roll back and space-time 
will be drawn aside as a curtain to reveal the return of messiah in the 

day of the lord.
the angels of wrath will specifically and personally pluck up the wicked. 
then, after the gathering of these tares 
the elect will then be caught up in the

resurrection-rapture. 
the 
jubilee year of messiah, the first year of his 

thousand year millennial kingdom will have just begun. 



 
the seven feasts of israel

are also known as the 


feasts of the lord,


or the 


jewish holidays. 
 
seven hebrew holidays were instituted by god.
four of them have already been fulfilled. 
three more are yet to come. and they will. 
they will erupt into holy history to realize 
their new covenant fulfilment during those 
climactic final seven years of this age, the

70th week of daniel 
. 




the fall feasts of israel
 
the next two feasts due to come up 
for fulfillment and erupt into holy
history are the 


feast of trumpets 
and the 


day of atonement. this author
has discovered that 
these two fall feasts 
when they are placed seven years apart and include 86, (not 87), moons stake out
2550 days.
this is precisely the time span encompassing the
future 1260 + 1260 day 


70th week
of daniel plus the 30 day extension 
that reaches out beyond the 70th week to include the 
 
1290 days spoken of by the angel gabriel to daniel and
given to us in dan.12:11. 1260 + 1290 = 2550 days. 
for certain seven year spans up ahead it is a perfect match!



the feast of trumpets

 
the 5th feast is still unfulfilled. on
some epic future rosh hashanah the
trumpets will sound the alarm.
why? what will have happened?
the mirror article is  


rosh hashanah's final fulfillment




the day of atonement
 
the 6th of the 

7 feasts of israel
is still unfulfilled and up there in our future. it appears
that this awesome holy-day on the jewish calendar
being that final day of reckoning
is a key piece to the jigsaw puzzle
of end-time bible prophecy.
this ultimate day of legal closure, day of reconciliation of accounts, and 
the messianic judgment day is grand central station to the end-time drama.
this future epic yom kippur or day of covering will surely come.
for the wicked it will be a day of sentencing.
for the justified it will be a day of pardoning
and an invitation into the glory.
very appropriately that day will erupt into holy history on the 
very 

last day of this present evil age.
as the sun sets on that day the harvest angels will
loosed to execute that judgment.



the last day
 
there are many references in holy scripture to
the 'last day' or "'that day', singular.
it is very last day of this age. and as we are now discovering,
it will be the ultimate blockbuster 
day of atonement. 
it will also be the day of sounding the trumpets to announce the

year of jubilee.
at sunset space-time will roll back to reveal the returning messiah,
(the one who stretched out the cosmos in the first place),
as he comes in the day of the lord. 
after the gathering of the wicked as tares, see mat. 13:30), 
 the elect 
will then be gathered, raised up, caught up, changed "in the twinkling of an eye" in the
 
post-tribulation resurrection-rapture.



blood covenant christianity
 
the new covenant is a blood covenant relationship
between christ and his church. are we merely passive
recipients of this great salvation? or is the love of god
drawing us into the vital and essential role of witness? 


 
the pre-tribulation rapture


versus the 

 
the post-tribulation rapture

which one is biblically correct? 
most of us have heard the pre-tribulation
rapture thesis expounded many many times.
but is it true to god's holy word?
here is 'the rest of the story'.




the end time revival

evangelical christians are being demoralized
by a babel of religious disinformation. one terrible lie is that
the holy spirit is 
the restrainer of the antichrist of 2thes. 2
and that he, part of the omnipresent godhead no less, will be "taken out of the way"
during the final 7 years of this age.
so essentially they are saying that god by his holy spirit 
will vacate his own cosmos and desert his own covenant people 
during their very time of need, during their time of witness in the latter days.
this is a major ecclesiastical dispensational error. 
this grievous falshood needs to be renounced, and pronto! 
the holy scriptures tell us an entirely different story. 
the prophet joel, hosea, and many others spoke of a coming holy
spirit outpouring of massive 
proportions that will power up right through 
the 
3.5 harlot years and the 3.5 years of the great tribulation that follow.
even as many are deserting the faith in a 
great apostasy or great falling away
and right on through the dramatic events of

the final 7 years of this age
this holy spirit outpouring will continue.
2600 years ago the prophet joel saw the peak of
this awesome end-time revival as one might view a distant mountain. 
he saw the peak of this (true and genuine) 
latter rain 
during the cosmic disturbances of the 6th seal
with the sun turning to darkness and the moon to blood.
this means that the epic future holy spirit outpouring
will come to a climax precisely when we might expect it to occur, 
just as messiah returns, and right at the very end of this age!




the first resurrection and 
the tribulation saints.
 
the tribulation saints we see in revelation 20:4-6 are featured members of the first resurrection.
do these martyrs head up the parade of all the saints of this age?
or do they make up the entire company of the first resurrection?
 



three days in the grave
 
the scriptures are clear. jesus was in the grave
for, (or during), three days and three nights.
how might this affect the chronology of passion week?




2016: the deeper root 
of obama's raging anti-colonialism. 

'2016: obama's america' is a new movie by dinesh d'souza.
in it we see


the mild nationalistic anti-colonialism 
and the more virulent form of anti-colonialism. both are showcased in the life of president obama 
and certain members of his family. 
the mild anti-colonialism is seen when native peoples
chafe and revolt against colonial rule. this is understandable in the historical context.
but what is the root cause of that lifelong malignant raging form of anti-colonialism?
we answer that question here and in the following article.




the deeper root of 
raging anti-colonialism. 
mr. d'souza has done a wonderful work of political elucidation here.
but we must go down to the deeper spiritual level to find out what really motivates all this raging.
those with a biblical world view recognize that dark angelic principalities and powers are at work here. 
they stir up certain people to despise and bring down western christendom. 
why are they doing this? is this just "radical politics"?
or is this anti-western hatred really a hidden attack directed at 
the judeo-christian faith of the west? depraved men and their dark angels are raging. why?
are we seeing the end-time raging of the heathen 
that king david saw 3,000 years ago? he wrote a song about it; - see psalm 2.
do godless men rage because their own dark angels are pulling their strings? 
are these evil powers trembling in fear and dread of 

a certain judgment under the soon-coming messiah?
and even as they rage in anger can they really hope to forestall 

their impending doom by waging a campaign of terror 
against the saints? can they really prevent the covenant people of god 
from going up on the stage of history to bring in

the end-time witness?




the edomites of today; 
who are they? and where are they?
 
the ancient left-over blessing of isaac upon his son esau
is almost never spoken about by our
dispensationalist bible prophecy teachers.
but its prophetic fulfillment with
the latter day dominance of the earthy edomites in the rich nations of the west
is now being seen as our western culture descends into godless paganism.
and in the 
bozrah prophecies the return of the latter day spiritual children of esau is a 
an important part of the end-time drama.
 



the restoration of israel. 

is this the salvation of the jewish family at the end of the age?
quite so. but there is more. and born-again christians, (who consider themselves
"gentiles", a name which means "heathen"), are in for a big surprise.
are they part of this great end-time restoration of israel? 
oh yes.



desert of the nations;
wilderness of the peoples

 
a special destination and gathering place 
for the saints during the great tribulation
which is during the latter half of the 

70th week of daniel, (the final 3.5 years of this age),
is described in ezekiel 20:33,34,35,36,37,&38.
what will go on there? and do we know where this place might be?




who will be left to
populate the millennium? 
 
this question is often asked of those who believe there will be a
post-tribulation rapture.
if the elect are glorified and the wicked damned then who will be left at the end of the age
to populate the earth during the ensuing millennium?
is there a third group of mortals left? the answer is 'yes'.
the key issue here is a third party or "second order covenant". we see this showcased
very dramatically in the sheep-goat judgment.
 



the sabbath rest
 
the sabbath is the fourth commandment.
we correctly see it as a law for israel in the old covenant.
but could the sabbath also be a new covenant experience to be entered into by god's grace?
might it also be a personal invitation to draw aside from the labors and cares of this world
and to enjoy a time of rest and fellowship with god?
 



the rapture of the church
 
when christ our messiah glorifies his covenant people into new spiritual bodies at the end of this age the righteous dead 
will come out of their graves. then we who are alive and remain will be "caught up" with them
in an event of great wonder called the rapture. 
when is this rapture event? the answer is easy. 
it can be tagged from the well documented timing of the resurrection of the righteous dead.




the 24 elders
 
in revelation chapter 4 john is
transported in vision to the lord's day, or the day of the lord.
john sees wonders related to the events attendant to the 
unzipping of the newtonian space-time cosmos as messiah returns.
there he sees the 24 elders. who are these? are they "the church"
as we have been told? or are they 24 elders as the bible states them to be.
so just who are these 24 men?




israel and the church.  
restored as one! 
 
dispensationalist (splitters) are keen to separate off israel from the church.
their end-time fantasies are of a jewish nation 
'left behind' 
even as they, the established evangelical church, 
misbehaves like a 
runaway bride, baulks at the 
blood covenant commitment,  
and 
raptures themselves out seven years before the end of this age.
reformed theology (lumpers) are quite correct in their insistence upon a single covenant.
but unfortunately in the absence of a viable scripturally based israelology in their seminaries they
are often inclined to slip-slide into augustine and origen's
replacement theology which says that the church has replaced (and displaced) israel.
this replacement theology is bad news.
it has thrown up bloody 
anti-semitic histories over the past 1700 years. it is also linked to 
dominion theology,  crusades, church sponsored inquisitions, 
and helped foment a reactionary secularism in the political parties of both nationalist and international socialism.
replacement theology is still nestled in many of the older denominations. it needs to be renounced asap!
but throughout the holy scriptures the god of israel always speaks of 
one elect. he draws one 
chosen people to himself. the seed of abraham flows above the dna and it comes in by faith and not by race.
so at the end of the age we see a remnant israel including a saved remnant of the the royal jewish house of judah, 
and a remnant church drawn from all nations, races and tribes. this final remnant elect will be reunited as a restored 
and fully regathered 
commonwealth of israel. the 
breach of jeroboam will be healed. and israel's family feud will end.
the jews will be saved, the 
lost ten tribes found,
and the two estranged houses of israel will be cross-linked together as a 
single elect,
even the "royal
priesthood and holy nation" moses and the apostle peter both spoke about. (exodus 19:6, 1peter 2:9)
all these mysteries will unfold in the future 
end-time drama 
as the 
fall feasts of israel erupt into their new covenant fulfillment and into world history.
 



who are the chosen people?
 
who are god's chosen people?
are they the jews? the church? 
does yhvh-god have two chosen peoples?
does he have an 'apartheid policy' for his elect?
the holy scriptures, as usual, give us the answer.
because from cover to cover the bible only speaks of 

one elect, one chosen people. 
so if all of god's covenant people are
destined to become a single congregation/church/synagogue and a single nation then
how will this great and epic re-union and restoration occur? and when?
and by whom?



the woman of revelation 12 
& the constellation andromeda
 
"the woman" is showcased throughout holy scripture. we see her in the garden of eden
and her seed is prophesied to crush the head of the serpent. (gen. 3:15)
in the book of hosea she is the wife of yhvh-god, and like gomer, the wife of hosea, she is inclined to forget
her true husband, the god of israel and get into a world of trouble. 
but all is not lost. in the prophecy of hosea she is eventually purchased in a slave market and wonderfully restored. 
in the book of revelation 
john saw the woman in great travail and tribulation and yet entering into her glorious destiny at the climax of the age.
he saw her in travail and delivering the man-child.
she is clothed with the sun, the glory of her father. the moon, with her reflected light, is under her feet.
she is crowned with a garland of 12 stars. john saw her under attack by the dragon but saved and delivered at the end.
the heavens are telling this very same awesome end-time story in 
the constellation of andromeda. 
 



the commonwealth of israel.  
does it include the true church?
 
in ephesian 2:12-13 our apostle paul states that christians were once  
heathen, lost and without hope, and outside the commonwealth of israel.
but now, in christ, they have been brought nigh. does this mean
that true christian believers are now inside the commonwealth or citizenship of israel?
and if so, then what are our responsibilities in this citizenship? are we to be witnesses to messiah 
before kings and rulers as we come into the dramas at the end of the age? (luke 21:12, mark 13:9)
 



biblical or prophetic time
 
daniel's prophecy of the 
70 weeks and other bible prophecies 
sees god dispensing time to us from his heavenly throne in terms of 'years' and 'months'.
how many days are in the "biblical year"? and how many days in a "biblical month"?
the bible gives us two rosetta stones, as it were, for biblical or prophetic time. 
one is in genesis 7 and the other in revelation 12.
when we answer these two questions correctly we find that this key bible prophecy,

daniel's prophecy of the 70 weeks, 
emerges from the fog and opens up to us.
 



a response to grant jeffrey

answering his recent challenge to the
historic doctrine of the 


post-tribulation
resurrection-rapture.




the jewish new year
and a false messiah

it appears that a future jewish new year,
a future  feast of trumpets,
will erupt into holy history in spectacular fashion. 
it will be the occasion of the confirmation of the seven year covenant or sovereignty sharing treaty of 

daniel 9:27.
israel and the nations of western christendom will sign on with a global peacemaker. he will turn out to be
the false messiah. on that day the watchmen of israel will be sounding the trumpets of alarm and calling 
all of god's covenant people to sacred assembly. the 
final seven years of this age 
will have just begun. the mirror article is 
 
rosh hashanah; beyond the traditions.




who are daniel's people?
 
daniel's 
prophecy of the 70 weeks 
provides vital information concerning the end-time.
the angel gabriel said "seventy weeks are determined",
(or cut out of time), "for your people".
since one week, (or seven), of 
biblical years still remains 
then this is a key end-time prophecy.
who then, are daniel's people? are christians in the loop here?
or should we consider "daniel's people" to be "just the jews" as we have been told?
when we answer this question correctly 
and responsibly we enter into a dark night of the soul.
we find ourselves face to face with the cross of christ in a very personal way and 

wrestling with the angel of god's presence 
just as jacob did.
when we accept the word of god and surrender ourselves to him we find ourselves entering into a divine serendipity. 
and why? because "the testimony of jesus is the spirit of prophecy." 

(rev. 19:10)   
and it is in 
this devotion that end time bible prophecy opens up to us in all its wonder.
 



end-time preparation
 
many are asking about preparation for the end-time.
is there a physical preparation beyond our spiritual preparation?
and might god have made his preparations to care for his elect in the latter days?
if so, how? 



the end time discipline 
at the gate of joseph. 
"you are spies! 
and you will be tested!"
 
the bones of joseph are still with us today, 
although 

disturbed of late.
and the seemingly severe and yet nurturing character
the god of israel has molded in joseph is a very present 
reality in the gospel and new covenant.
the gate of joseph and all that this means is now opening wide before us.
our passage into the spirit, character, and discipline of joseph and benjamin will be very important
as we come into the thresholds of 
end-time drama.
the experiences of our patriarch joseph before 

the harlot and 

in exile will
be recapitulated in the history of the church as we approach the 
climax of this present age.




the gate of joseph
and the evangelical witness


joseph was given a coat of many colors,
persecuted by his brethren,
thrown into the pit, and sold into slavery.
there at the house of the chief executioner of the egyptian world order 
of that time he resisted the seductions of 
potiphar's harlot wife.
thrown into prison he became the interpreter of dreams,
even the king's nightmare of a looming reality, a

seven year period of famine and great trial.
hiding his identity until the emergence of his brother benjamin 
our joseph fed the world 
the bread of life. then when benjamin came he fed his brothers portions from his table.
the evangelical family are a scattered persecuted people of many colors and flags.
they too have been and will be persecuted unto the death. 
500 evangelical christians die every day. and yet in spite of all this they 
feed the world the gospel of the living christ, the sinless

unleavened bread of heaven, the bread of eternal life. 
biblical christians also bring interpretation 
to the 
70th week of daniel, those future seven lean years that bring us to the climax of this age. 
if joseph's sons ephraim and manasseh are two prominent english speaking nations, recipients 
of the birthright of whom the patriarch jacob said, "these two will be mine"
who then is joseph? who is this joseph company
who are alienated and separate from their brethren? 
who are these people who  
feed their brethren portions from a table set apart and consecrated? 
who is this mysterious house of joseph,
this company with the bloodstained coat, (or covering), of many colors (or flags)? 




a parable of ten virgins 
 
this parable carries an informative and inspiring
message for pilgrim christians. at some point the leading lights of western christendom will begin to sputter and approach burnout.
as jesus tells the story the whole bridal company is slumbering in the deepening darkness.
the hours drag on towards the midnight hour and their lamps are 
beginning to burn low and grow dim. 
suddenly, the midnight cry is heard. 
the bridegroom is approaching! 
it is time to go out to meet him. 
now the unfolding drama has become very very personal. 
   .   .   . 
   .   .   
.    do you have the oil?




one single elect - 
 drawn from israel and the church
 
are there two elects?
does yhvh-god have an apartheid policy?  
and is israel to forever to remain in her present broken divided state?
the holy scriptures, as usual, provide us with 
answers to these crucial questions. and this and many other mysteries will surely unfold.
they will become manifest in holy history in the crucible of the end time.
the mirror article is,  


who are the chosen people?


 the lost ten tribes of israel

in 722 b.c. the northern ten tribes of israel
were taken captive by the assyrians. 
they were deliberately intermingled with the nations and disappeared into history.
they are out there, the 

notzrim, which means "watchers" or "a safekeep", 
to be revealed at the appointed time.



 the two witnesses
 
john saw the two witnesses on earth during 
the final 3.5 years, 1260 days of this age. (rev. 11:2)
they were described to him as two olive trees. 
are they just two men, say elijah along with moses or enoch?
or is there more to the story? might the two witnesses
relate in a broader way to the climactic end time 
witness of the kingdom of god on earth by the royal (jewish), house of judah in eretz israel 
and the priestly ministry of the church, the wider commonwealth of israel throughout the world in the gospel?
will the two witnesses bring in the promised restoration of israel? and how will they do this?
will it be done by means of the 
new covenant spoken of by jeremiah? (jer.31:31-33)



 the 'left behind series'

is it fostering a spirit of desertion in the church?
why are we as western evangelicals embracing a disneyized or hollywood style eschatology 
that has us skipping out 7 years before the climax of the age?
who dares change the awesome things of god into cheap melodrama for the masses?
and why are we deserting on our jewish brethren before they
come into the new covenant near the end of the age? (zech. 12:7-13:1)




the flight to bozrah
 
the 'woman' of revelation 12 is 
given the wings of a great eagle. 
and she flies to a place of safety.
this is an awesome and yet untold prophecy
of the end time. the mirror article is 


the bozrah exile



the resurrection of the righteous dead

when is the resurrection of the righteous dead? 
popular bible prophecy teachers avoid the question like the plague.
because the resurrection is securely nailed down
to the "last day". (john 6:39, 6:40, 6:44 and 6:54) and the "first resurrection" we see in rev. 20:4, 20:5, and 20:6 
includes the tribulation martyrs. 
the resurrected saints are also part of the 

single elect gathered by angels "after the tribulation" in the midst of 
the 6th seal cosmic signs of a darkened sun and bloody moon.
so the resurrection is clearly a post-tribulation event.
paul tells us that the rapture is attached to the resurrection. (1thes.4:15, 4:16, & 4:17)
so the rapture must be a post-tribulation  event as well.


 the breach of jeroboam

in 922 b.c. after the death of king solomon the great 
nation of israel became a house divided. the breach of jeroboam
saw the ten northern tribes cut off their own sovereignty.
they rebelled from the throne of david in the jewish house of judah.
later they became the 
lost ten tribes of israel and were lost to history.
will all israel be found and fully restored? yes. this is just one of the many great mysteries
that will be revealed in the 
end time drama.




a runaway bride: 
the western church?
 
 
the western church is running away from her pre-nuptial responsibilities. 
she refuses to face her role as witness to her bridegroom in the end time. 
the popular teaching of a pre-tribulation rapture is a clear evidence of this. 
it is in fact a 
 
doctrine of desertion and of abandonment.
will the western church assume her true end time role of witness?
will she be dressed in white raiment,
the righteousness of the saints,
as the true bride of christ? 




the harlot of revelation 17
 
the book of revelation can be read as a story of two women.
one of them, the 

woman of revelation 12, is glorious.
the other woman is not.
she is the harlot of revelation 17 & 18.
who is this harlot? what will she do 
when she 
takes dominion in the end time drama?
and what will happen to her?



the root cause of anti-semitism or 


the origin of anti-semitism

jesus christ comes to minister and also to rule. 
even now he is being enthroned in the hearts of his people in the gentle bonds of agape love. 
after the 
second coming of messiah the throne of david 
will be established upon this earth.
messiah will both minister and reign in righteousness in the

two offices of melchizedek for 
a thousand years. this is the coming 

millennium of messiah. the spirit of belial, or rebellion, hates and loathes his 
coming rule with a passion. (see king david's song in psalm 2.) 
so a hidden spiritual war is being conducted against the throne of david 
which is inside the jewish house of judah.
evil powers, angelic and human, are targeting
jews, israelis, evangelicals, and all who bear testimony to the future
rule of the lion of the tribe of judah, yeshua hamashiach our coming jewish messiah.
this is the root cause and the essential essence of all
anti-semitism.
it is a seething hatred against the 
rulership of the coming "son of david". 
this is the real reason for the raging of the gentiles, the (heathen), against israel and jews.
this hostility against the throne of david and the loathing of the message of messiah's second coming
is purveyed by wicked men agitated by their dark angels. their hatred is quite understandable.
these ruling powers are short timers. they are in stark terror of the 
pending judgment they are about to face with the coming of messiah. this is 
the quintessential root of all anti-semitism whether it be the carefully cloaked acts of 
high government officials, high church dignitaries,
or the more blatant and brutish outrages committed by skinheads and neo-nazis. 
the word "anti-semitism" is clearly an obfuscation. it is a smokescreen 
hiding something else. the word is a misnomer designed to mislead the unwary.
"anti-semitism", at its
heart, is really "anti-throne of david-ism" or 
"anti-messiah-ism". it is, in fact, 
the "anti-jewish", "anti-judah" arm of the spirit of anti-christ. 




rebuilding the jewish temple

 
the 
temple mount faithful are ready
right now to rebuild the temple
in jerusalem.
but it will require a dramatic change of the political equation.
'peace and security' must be fully 
assured for the third temple to be constructed on the temple mount
in jerusalem. this rebuilding is prophesied to go forward.
so who will have guaranteed the peace? and how will it have come about?




dominion theology in recent history
 
dominionism, post-millennialism, the
 
'kingdom now' movement, the  
'latter rain movement', and reconstructionism.
they are all coming together in america
today.
but have we seen them before? what has been their history?
when the medieval roman church embraced dominion theology it eventually took us on into the crusades.
later the church in spain embraced dominion theology and it brought us the spanish inquisition.
jesuit dominionists took over the church in france during the 1500's.
they were the ones who orchestrated the 

st. bartholomew's day massacre and "sanctified"
the subsequent bloody persecutions against the protestant huguenots in france.
jesuit cardinal richelieu became prime minister of france
and laid siege to the huguenots at the siege at la rochelle.
the overly powerful french church became spiritually compromised 
and debauched. this led on to the secularist backlash of the french revolution.
france then got the 

reign of terror, a police state, and the napoleonic wars.
even dear great britain embraced dominion theology in the late 19th and early 20th century.
this was even as the proud british empire covered one quarter of the globe.
and what happened then? the titanic struck an iceberg in an unusual way and sank. 
two world wars with germany filled in by the great depression followed.
the once great britain was brought down.
dear saints. is there a lesson here for us here?




the day of the lord; 
it is not the great tribulation.
 
evangelical are being told that the day of the lord
is the great tribulation. is this true? 
or is it a falsehood? if it is a lie, then why is it been told?





the beast demon of the abyss
 
"the beast that you saw was, and is not, 
and will ascend out of the bottomless pit 
and go to perdition".
this sounds like a riddle. 
but the bible has the answer. 



isaiah's prophecy of the
coming destruction of damascus

damascus today is a modern city
in southwest syria near the border of israel.
it has an 
ancient history going back 4,000 years 
to the time of abraham.
it has never been destroyed. but the prophet
isaiah (ch.17) declared that at some future time 
damascus would become "a heap of rubble".
what will have happened?




the sheep goat judgement
 
there will be a judgment of surviving unsaved mortals
at the end of this age. messiah will judge the sheep
from the goats. the sheep and the goats are unsaved. perhaps over a billion of them are children.
the living mortals are heathen gentiles. they are still outside the covenants of israel. 
judgment for millennial entry is based
on evidence of a second order blood covenant relationship with messiah.
neither the sheep nor the goats are in direct covenant with messiah.
but the sheep are shown to be in an indirect covenant with christ. 
and why? because they ministered blood covenant lovingkindness
to his friends, the saints in their time of tribulation. 
on this basis the returning messiah selects them out as his sheep.
they are issued a passport for entry into the  

millennium of messiah.



the bozrah deliverance


the second coming of christ in the clouds is well known.
so is his second coming on the mount of olives and
his divine judgment on the armies of the nations
threatening jerusalem and mustering in the valley of armageddon. 
the bible also speaks about the divine judgment
on the wicked and a magnificent deliverance of god's
covenant people at a place called bozrah which in the latter days
will be under 
edomite, (bad guy)
control. this is the spectacular and magnificent bozrah deliverance. - mic.2:12-13
do we know about this?




the metonic cycles and 
the 70th week of daniel.

 
the metonic cycle in which
an extra month of adar is inserted before the month
of nisan 7 times every 19 years in a certain cadence
is used in the 


hebrew calendar. this provides
valuable information about an
upcoming seven year time span known as the 


7oth week of daniel.
the author noticed that for those future
seven year spans with 86 moons the two 


fall feasts of israel that are coming up for fulfillment
happen to stake out with total precision the 
2550 days encompassing the 
final seven years of this age.
is this a coincidence?
probably not. is this info helpful to us? 
yes it certainly is. we should keep a very close watch on events in israel
during the fall (autumn) season of each year.
the epic future 7 year peace treaty,
the future 
7 year covenant of dan.9:27,
 will involve the handover of
god's sovereign territory in the holy land
of israel. the deal
 will probably be signed on a future dark and moonless night, 
the new moon of tishrei, rosh hashanah, the

feast of trumpets, and the jewish new year.
a dreadful and yet awesome day will have dawned.
the trumpets will be blowing in earnest.  
and the 

70th week of daniel, the final seven years
of this age, will have just begun. 




how close is the rapture?
 
many evangelicals are now asking themselves, 
'how close is the rapture?'
does the bible tell us?



information warfare
and god's holy word

 
there is a spiritual war going on in the second heaven and here on earth. 
it involves an information war. the true word of god
is under attack by secular blocking spirits
as well as deceptive spirits of
religious disinformation.
the word of god,
as usual, will prevail. 




pre-trib to post-trib

the author's personal story of his
pilgrimage and his gaining an understanding of 
the 

post-trib resurrection-rapture.


the woman and the dragon
of revelation chapter 12  
 
john saw the deliverance of the
end time elect from the dragon in
the last 3.5 years of this age.
he saw the flight of the woman
to a place of safety 
on the wings of a great eagle.
micah and the constellation of the little dipper
or lesser sheepfold tell us the rest of
the story.


and who shall wear the starry crown?  





puritan history 

past, present, and future
 
 
chapters 

 1, 

 2, 

 3, 

 4, 

 5, 

 6, 

 7, 

 8, 

 9, 

 10, 

 11, 

 12, 

 13, 

 14, 

 15, 

 16, 

 17  

we trace the puritans from the english civil war to their
passage to the new world and onwards to their role in the
emerging 
 
new world order and the 

 
end-time drama.
see also


the meaning of the yellow ribbons. 




the french revolution 
compared with the 
american revolution
 
the 18th century saw two revolutions against monarchies.
the american revolution embraced the reformation,
and honored the holy scriptures. 
a significant portion of america's citizenry was under 
the inner discipline of a personal faith in god. 
the french revolution was quite different. 
huguenot reformers in france had been exterminated
and biblical christianity driven away leaving a debauched roman church
in france with blood on its hands. when the french revolution came
it flat-out rejected the christian faith
in favor of a humanistic state secularism based on 'enlightenment" and "reason'.
the american revolution embracing biblical christianity and personal faith
was characterized by peace and stability and spawned a great nation. 
the other revolution over in france led to barbarism and the "reign of terror".
is this spiritual dimension to history being taught in our schools and colleges?
and if not, why not? 


the articles continue over 
in the column to the left.












