





geda guam – invest in guam

































































 













skip to content








 menu

invest in guam

why invest in guam?
about guam
establishing a foreign business
foreign assistance
industry incentive programs


small business support

establishing a business in guam
financial assistance for businesses

ssbci loan programs
ssbci loan programs fact sheet


guam product seal


industry development

industry incentive programs
real property development resources
federal & local programs for investment


public finance

about public finance
economic indicators
guam bond information
private activity bonds
fiscal reports


about geda

history & mission
geda board of directors

geda board minutes
geda board attendance report


administration & staff

organization chart
staffing pattern
employee directory
sop
performance evaluation


financial information & reports
procurement
invest guam live







quick links:

guam step
grant programs
procurement
special projects
destinu guåhan


facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
spotify

open search window















 







håfa adai!
welcome to the guam economic development authority (geda) website. our mission is to develop a sound and sustainable economy through innovative programs that preserve and promote local culture, economic opportunities and quality of life.

















why invest in guam 






learn more







guam is aggressively promoting investments to diversify its economic portfolio. the time to invest in guam is now! 







local business resources 






learn more







connect with services and programs to help your small business start, retain or regain a competitive edge. 







financial investor relations 






learn more







your investment(s) in guam creates tangible benefits for current and future generations of guamanians.  you are a part of our community.   







operational support programs 






learn more







access programs offering assistance or training to support and stimulate business growth.  















"geda and our administration are committed to supporting business endeavors through government offerings, including financial assistance, tax incentive opportunities, public finance services, and real property development and management." 



honorable governor lou leon guerrero and lieutenant governor joshua “josh” franquez tenorio 











  












geda’s core mission is to nurture and grow the economic health of the island through sound investment ... 











melanie mendiolaceo / administratorgeda executive management 











geda loan programs 



understand your options for getting a small business loan. 





guam development loan program

05/18/2022|
loan program

guam development fund act (gdfa) gdfa provides financial assistance through loans and loan guaranties to private enterprises and industries...
read more → guam development loan program












 
see more















geda calendar 



stay informed with geda meetings and events. 



 




				save the date – taking the leap beyond guam, exporting for businesses			


march 26, 2025 @ 8:00 am – 1:00 pm – 
a virtual conference for local businesses and upcoming entrepreneurs.


			read more »		






				board of directors meeting – feb. 13, 2025			


february 13, 2025 @ 1:30 pm – 3:00 pm – to all members of the public, please take notice that: regular meeting: geda, a public corporation, shall hold a public meeting of its board of directors on thursday; february 13, 2025, at the hour of 1:30 p.m. at suite 511, fifth floor, guam international trade center (gitc) building, 590 south marine corps drive, tamuning, guam. …


			read more »		











whether you’re starting a business, adding jobs or improving your business’s operations, we offer a variety of  programs to help achieve your goals. 



david j. johnchairman of the board 















economic resources 



as a member of the american family, guam is able to offer visitors a stable and secure environment. federal law provides local self-government on guam, u.s. citizenship for her people, and application of the u.s. constitution to the island. while maintaining its relationship with the united states, guam also enjoys its strategic location as the gateway to asia. this proximity makes travel to and from guam quick and convenient.  







 
learn more
















 





 


















guam economic development authority
590 s. marine corps dr.
itc building, suite 511
tamuning, gu 96913
phone: 671-647-4332 • fax: 671-649-4146
monday – friday, 8:00 am – 5:00 pm except government holidays
www.investguam.com



search for:


search



living here 
guam visitors bureau
department of revenue and taxation
guam power authority
guam waterworks authority




resource partners 
pacific small business development center
guam chamber of commerce
guam women’s chamber









facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
spotify

open search window


aturidåd inadilånton ikunumihan guahan

 



home
contact us
privacy policy

copyright © 2023 - geda







search for:


search

close search window


↑





























