




qcbaseball: your home for youth baseball coaching information































home
coaching
instruction
situations
drills
rules
blog
about us












































welcome to quality coaching - baseball!
your free baseball coaching resource since 2000
my focus with this website is in providing the best youth baseball coaching information that i can.  i want you to become a successful youth baseball coach and just as importantly i want you to enjoy coaching and being part of a team.  this website is dedicated to helping you provide the best positive learning environment for your team.  while i get a lot of feedback from high school coaches that the site has valuable information for them, the primary intent is to help the youth coach get started on a positive note and continue to improve their coaching ability as they hopefully continue coaching over the years.  ˜ don edlin - owner



recent blog posts
subscribe to rss headline updates from: powered by feedburner 


have the qcbaseball blog sent straight to your inbox!
your email is safe with us! it will never be sold or given away and you'll never receive spam!
delivered by feedburner



i have taken full advantage of all of your coaching tools, drills and articles on your site. i have gone from a dad getting involved to one of the most in demand managers in our league. winning is fun, but it is not a priority for me. watching these kids have a great time and learning to love the game of baseball is all i need to justify the time involved.
            i am a board member for our league this season. i have put together a manager manual that our entire league has access to. i have recommended your site to the entire league. especially the parent letter. i can't say enough about the value of that letter and what a difference it made for me.
   - rich v.












featured drill: soft toss scrimmage
purpose: fun quick paced game that allows players the opportunity to play many different positions.
equipment: game equipment
setup: split your team into 2 squads. one will play offense, one defense, just like a regular game. since each team will be short of a full defensive team, let the defensive players determine how they will set up their defense. we usually go without a pitcher and catcher. no bunting or stealing allowed.
execution: the name of the game is movement. we play 6 outs per half inning.
 the coach will soft toss each pitch to the hitter from the side. the hitter must swing at each pitch.
 after each hitter, the defense will rotate one position. we rotate around the infield from 1st to 3rd, then to left field and around to right. the right fielder will then move to first.


































































©copyright 2015. all rights reserved.
disclaimer | privacy policy

























