 



bmw parts and porsche parts..mesaperformance.com



















 bmw, porsche, mercedes
 
serving the european car community since
            1978

 
























we specialize in both bmw and porsche parts and have an extensive
      stock of original and aftermarket performance parts.
mercedes parts and other accesories are also available. mesa performance featured car




2008 m3 coupe
      based on the new e92 chassis, this car continues to improve upon the legacy of the
	  m3 line. most impressive is the engine; it sports a 5.0l v8 with 414hp and an 8400rpm redline. the engineers not
	  only managed to create more horsepower than the previous model, but managed to reduce the weight as well. this power, coupled 
	  with the traditional bmw handling, promises to reward the lucky owner.





new for 2008: bmw 1-series coupes
      in an effort to return to the sporting past that has defined the bmw coupe, 
	  spring 2008 will see the introduction of the new 1-series. in both 2.8 liter and 3.0l twin turbo guise, 
	  the cars herald a return to tradition; the famous bmw balance, poise, and finesse. we hope to see one soon.  






please take a moment and read a little about mesa's
            history and our business ethics.
we appreciate you visiting our site.
            we're working furiously to supplement our online catalogs, and
            you'll see catalog pages being added weekly, so please check
            back often.
          




please take a moment
            and sign our guestbook.

            we'd love your comments and suggestions! keep an eye on this
            site for new changes, with an easier to follow menu and catalog
            pages.




bookmark this page and come
            back often to see new items in the catalog and specials page.
            we handle more items then we can list in our catalogs, and have
            access to thousands more. as always call or email us at info@mesaperformance.com to
            check on something you need or want. we are happy to help find
            it or steer you to another source if we know where the part might
            be available.


if you are in the local area please come
      by and see us or write us at



mesa performance parts
2490 newport blvd.
costa mesa, ca 92627
            1-949-642-8824 (questions)
1-800-221-mesa (order line)
            1-949-642-9569 (fax)

            our store hours are from 9:00am to 6:00pm monday through friday
            and 9:00am to 5:00pm on saturday
            we are closed sundays and most legal us holidays













bosch
              platinum+4 spark plugs. technology taken one step further
              for optimum spark and engine performance. these are highly recommended
              because they will last noticeably longer than standard plugs
              and never need to be gapped. available for most cars.
            


           free-flow air filter systems
             
              we have purchased all of kirban's stock of high performance
                filter kits for the older model bmw's. as a result, all the prices
                have been drastically reduced!


 

we have listed all the h&r
              lowering springs for the bmw cars. a very complete listing
              at great prices. your car will look better and handle great with
              these progressively wound springs.
            



does your driveshaft need to be replaced? sometimes just
              a center
              support bearing will do the job, other times maybe the entire
              driveshaft
              has worn too much. both are popular items that we specialize
              in.
            





do your wheel or body emblems look old? new emblems are inexpensive
              and make a world of difference in how a car looks. take a look
              at our emblems
              page for many of them that we carry.
            



please take a look at our clearance
              items. some bmw/porsche and lots of other one-of-a-kind items
              for that second (or third) car of yours. 

 
 

have you ever wondered about bmw's history? we have
              a little bit about the history with a write up on the bmw
              m1. please take a look
            







 
attn: bmw and porsche clubs!
check out the bmw club
            / los angeles chapter website! we support the local clubs.
            we have hosted the la chapter of the bmw club on our website
            in the past and maybe we call help you .
if you'd like your events or announcements to appear
            here, please e-mail the info to our webmaster@mesaperformance.com.
            we're happy to help in making your event a success!
          





quick links to other pages
      | home
      | catalog
      | ordering
      info | reaching
      us | bulletin
      board | links
      | map
      | e-mail
      | guestbook
      | bmw faqs



  

 ¬© 2009, mesa performance parts inc.
outstanding web-hosting services provided by 
the use of "bmw" in this site is
      for reference only and does not imply any connection between
      mesa performance parts, inc. and bmw a.g. munich or bmw north
      america or any of their affiliates. some accessories may be illegal
      in some areas. check local ordinances. mapping services courtesy
      of mapquest.com
							all photography and graphics ¬© 2009 mesa performance parts. any use or reproduction of photography or graphics is strictly prohibited.







