









home - md team



































about m-d
our business units
careers
new
contact
about m-d
our business units
careers
new
contact






north american made since 1920

m-d at our core

 





north american made
our commitment to our roots runs deep. we’re proud to provide stability for thousands of north american families who devote their time to manufacturing products that improve people’s lives and homes.






the m-d family
great products are the result of great people working together. at m-d building products, we are a family company both in ownership and in the values that create our positive work environment.




since 1920
every day, millions of us go about our lives using products we wish worked better. then every once in a while, one person sees a solution that changes everything. our company was founded by one of those people, and today, we continue to uphold his vision. innovative thinking inspired our beginning - and it will lead the way to our future.






business stability
with more than 90 years behind us and a strong future in front of us, we know one truth to be constant: stability is built on business diversity. our commitment to quality and people is bound by constant evolution of our business entities and fierce loyalty to why we do what we do.




learn more

what's newm-d building products forms four strategic business unitsposted on march 04, 2022industry veteran and oklahoma city-based kipp collins named president of m-d consumercontinue reading

m-d building products acquires cardinal aluminum co.posted on march 03, 2021acquisition expands m-d’s building products custom aluminum extrusion, finishing and fabricating product portfolio and manufacturing capabilitiescontinue reading

m-d building products names ryan plotkin presidentposted on march 01, 2021continue reading

winners of hbsdealer all industry logo contestposted on september 17, 2018one of two winnerscontinue reading



our values
we believe our company and our customers benefit when we hold ourselves to standards as high as those we place on our products. through five core areas of focus, we have defined a set of values that can help guide each of our decisions.














contact us


us mailing address4041 n. santa fe aveoklahoma city, ok 73118united states of americaphone: 1-800-654-8454canadian mailing address5720 ambler drivemississauga, on, l4w2b1 canadaphone: 1-888-908-1036our business unitsm-d consumerm-d proprova productsm-d metal sourcem-d plasticssmarttool levelstower sealants© 2023 m-d building products, inc - all rights reserved. | privacy policy 

















 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset













