








	army geospatial center


















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
army geospatial center  website










®








           who we are
        



           about us
        
 

           leaders
        
 

           vision
        
 

           contacts
        
 

           frequently asked
        
 



           what we do
        



           agc cui site (agc data downloads)
        
 

           age geoglobe
        
 

           agc imagery office
        
 

           agc ordering
        
 

           common map background
        
 

           dsca automated support system (fact sheet)
        



           dsca support system (application)
        
 



           engineering route studies
        
 

           historical photo analysis
        
 

           inland electronic navigation charts (ienc)
        
 

           overseas humanitarian assistance (ohasis)
        
 

           survey engineering and mapping technical center of expertise
        
 

           urban tactical planner
        
 

           u-smart
        
 

           wsd engagements branch
        



           warfighter support rfi
        
 





           work with us
        



           agc ordering
        
 

           contracting
        



           opportunities
        
 

           what do we buy?
        
 

           contact us
        
 



           small business office
        



           forecast
        
 

           join agc contractor database
        
 





           where we are
        



           agc location
        
 

           usace locations
        
 



           army geospatial enterprise
        



           about
        
 

           history
        
 

           contact us
        
 

           geospatial foundation
        
 

           geospatial standards
        
 

           data model - warfighter
        
 

           data model - installations & cw
        
 

           systems engineering
        
 

           geospatial certification
        
 

           agile environment
        
 

           governance
        
 



           maps
        




















































mission command software testing
project manager mission command, which is part of program executive office command, control and communications -tactical, software capabilities are simulated in a physical model within the geospatial knowledge center just outside the d.c. beltway. 













high resolution aerial and satellite imagery  
when commanders are faced with decisions regarding battlefield operations, there are not pre-defined possible routes. the geospatial center specializes in the collection, use, storage, and dissemination of high resolution aerial, terrestrial and satellite imagery.













geovisualization
the age geoglobe provides unique geospatial analysis tools and methods to assist with the visualization of both training and operational battle space environments. the geoglobe incorporates 3d digital models, maps, imagery, elevation, and vector data to create a common environment for ground forces.













inland electronic navigational charts
shippers and consumers depend on inland waterways to move millions of tons of commodities like coal, petroleum products and other raw materials. accurate and real-time display of vessel position relative to waterway features like shifting river currents aids voyage planning. the inland electronic navigational charts convert waterway data into a foundation that is exceptional for voyage planning.

website











standards, architecture and certification
open standards, architectures, and test methods help connect army, joint and coalition systems - providing an interoperable foundation that supports all u.s. and international warfighting functions.





























need products?



 















facebook


x







tweets by armygeospatial 



















essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the army geospatial center  website
the official public website of the army geospatial center. for website corrections, write to agc.publicaffairs@usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact us quality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govsmall businessplain languageopen governmenteeo & sharp


igfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














