






turks and caicos museum







































 










 








contact us
locations & directions
get involved
faq’s









 



















home
the museum

about the museum

astrolabe

what is an astrolabe?




museum history
guinep house
genealogy
board of directors
capital campaign
privacy statement and terms of service


community events

upcoming & past events
where is simon, sandy?


culture & history

golden age of the turks islands

a golden age: anything was possible
jeremiah denis murphy
the grand turk lighthouse


nature & environment

geography & geology
coral reefs
national parks
botanical and cultural garden

museum garden history


plants & animals
further reading


slavery

background & the tci
brief history of emancipation
depopulation of the islands
bermudans & the salt industry

the salt industry begins


the loyalist period
plantations

cheshire hall plantation
wades green plantation
haulover plantation


runaway slaves
emancipation & beyond
liberated africans
slave ships

trouvadore


mary prince
sources of slaves
biased recording
slave records 1822 – 1834
religion & records
punishment
conclusion
bibliography & related material


lucayans

return of a duho
loans from the smithsonian institution


space race

project mercury
john glenn
friendship 7
scott carpenter
stamps celebrating space
tracking stations
40th anniversary celebrations
united states airforce


shipwrecks
salt industry
sisal industry
royal events

queen elizabeth ii
royal visits
stamps and the royalty


turks & caicos history timeline
landmarks
further reading


support

support: new & renewals
provo engraved brick purchase
grand turk engraved brick purchase
join our special donor circles

friends circle
benefactor’s circle
director’s circle


supporter gift
donor recognition
corporate & institutional support
museum fund
friends of the turks & caicos national museum


tours

tours
grand turk tours

birding tours for all ages


providenciales – grace bay village tours


projects

burrell steam traction engine
fort st. george

a short history
expedition team


governor’s cannon
maravedit cove
molasses reef shipwreck

molasses reef shipwreck part 1
molasses reef shipwreck part 2
molasses reef shipwreck part 3
molasses reef shipwreck part 4


sapodilla hill
slave ship trouvadore
southwest harbor bluff
turks islands gates
windmills
occasional papers series


 

donate 




 







discover the origins of the salt trade in the turks and caicos islands.the rise and fall of the salt trade on the islandslearn more

 







 


 


support the museum.


help preserve the history of the islands.















 our featured exhibitswant to know more about what you will see when you visit the museum?  explore these exhibits to get an insight to the history and events that are part of the turks & caicos islands.  















 the dawning of the space agejohn glenn and the space race with russia came to the the turks and caicos islands in 1962learn more 














 caicos heritage housea historically correct recreation of a typical 1800s caicos dwellinglearn more 














 grand turk lighthousethe stunning fresnel lens and intricate clockwork mechanism were saved by the museum learn more 















 welcome to the  turks and caicos national museum  
explore the island’s culture & history, roam through our exhibits on nature & environment, keep up with the latest museum events and follow our projects, both old and new.
plan your visit and discover for yourself how we came to be the “best little museum in the caribbean” and called “a little gem” by travel blogs. the museum is also reviewed by tripadvisor; come in and see what all the buzz is about. the museum is a publicly funded not for profit organization. it is not a part of the tci government. only your donations & support makes it all possible. become a supporter today — we can’t do it without your help.
visit our support page for levels, downloadable forms, online donations and more. all on-line support and donations are processed through the friends of the turks and caicos national museum a us registered 501(c)3 tax exempt supporting organization.
 









 
the museum is a publicly funded not for profit organization.
it is not a part of the turks and caicos islands government and receives no regular support from the government. only your support makes it all possible. become a supporter today — we can’t do it without your help.
become a supportermuseum locations 




 guinep house, front streetgrand turk, turks & caicos islands, british west indies (bwi)
tel (01 649) 247-2160
from the us (786) 220-1159
hours vary please check our schedule under grand turk tours
grand turk schedule and tours 




 the village at grace bayprovidenciales, turks & caicos islands, british west indies (bwi)
tel (01 649) 247-2161
from the us (786) 220-1159
grace bay hours: 
tuesday, thursday and saturday 10am - 2pm 
(closed holidays)provo schedule and tours 








 museum bulletin boarddonatesupport the burrell restorationdo you love steam engines? have a passion for history? make a donation in any amount to help restore the burrell steam traction engine, the iron giant of yankeetown. read all about the burrell steam traction engine, an amazing bit of tci history.
museum volunteers wanted!
gift shop and tour guides needed for providenciales.  garden maintence is needed at both locations.  if you are interested in volunteering contact us.
donors - the source of our success
without the support of foundations, individuals, and volunteers the museum couldn’t exist. we invite you to visit our donor recognition page to join with us in thanking them. we would be honored to include your name or your  company name and a link to your company’s website  on this very special list.
 










 





 the colors of the turks and caicos islands 




 red was chosen to represent the nation’s capital, grand turk. the color is taken from the red/pink fruit found on the national plant, the turks head cactus. they were once found in abundance on grand turk before they were removed to accommodate the salt ponds.
white was chosen to represent salt cay. the color came from salt. the salt industry was largely responsible for populating the islands of salt cay, grand turk and south caicos.
orange was chosen to represent south and east caicos. the color comes from the spiny lobster and fish and reflects the fishing industry in the “big south.”
tan was chosen to represent middle caicos. the color is taken from the raw material (thatch) that once covered the roofs of the houses. it is also used to make straw hats, baskets and brooms. middle caicos is known for the superior quality of native craftwork.
green was chosen to represent north caicos and parrot cay. the color is taken from the fruit trees and other types of trees that flourish in the most fertile of all the islands. north caicos is also home of wade’s green plantation, the most successful of caicos islands cotton plantations.
turquoise was chosen to represent the islands of providenciales, pine cay and west caicos. the color is taken from the beautiful turquoise waters that surround these islands on which our famous caicos fishing sloops sail. these turquoise waters also contribute to our newest industry, tourism.
pink was chosen to represent the beautiful conch shell, flamingoes and the numerous uninhabited cays that make up our chain of islands.
yellow represents god’s glory as the sun shining down on all our beautiful islands and cays. the sun also contributes to our newest industry, tourism.
 











 
view a timeline of important events and dates in the history of the islands
view timeline 




  




 





 a few artifacts you’ll see at the museumour collections represent the rich historical, cultural and natural heritage of the turks and caicos islands and its people. 










 lucayan duhophoto courtesy of joanna ostapkowicz. the duho is one of the rarest artifacts in the museum’s collections. it was used a ceremonial seat for the cacique or chief of the lucayans, the first inhabitants of these islands.
 




 fresnel lensthe grand turk lighthouse was erected in 1852 and was originally designed to burn whale oil and had an argand reflector lamp. in 1943 the lighthouse was converted to a fresnel lens one of these lenses is now on display at the museum.
 




 swivel gunthe molasses reef wreck, an early spanish caravel was equipped with three types of breech-loading swivel guns, one type is shown above. the swivel guns are thought to be anti-personnel weapons placed wherever convenient along the ship’s rail.
 




 salt industry post cardthe museum has diverse collection of early postcards of the turks and caicos islands. most post cards depict scenes on grand turk, the capital and from the salt industry.
 











 
take a look 










  










 governor of the turks & caicos islandsher excellency dileeni daniel-selvaratnamnestled in the heart of grand turk, the turks and caicos islands national museum stands as a guardian of the rich history of the turks and caicos islands and its vibrant culture. housed in the historic "guinep lodge," a 200-year-old architectural gem, the museum invites all to embark on a journey through time, exploring the deep and diverse heritage of our nation.
from the ancient era of pre-columbian civilization to modern-day milestones, the museum’s curated collection offers significant insight into the stories, traditions and legacies that have shaped the turks and caicos islands. with admirable dedication, the museum serves as a custodian of these narratives, preserving invaluable artefacts that chronicle the experiences and contributions of its ancestors. through its exhibits, the past comes alive, providing a unique cultural tapestry of the turks and caicos islands.
beyond its role as a preserver of history, the museum is a vital hub of education and community engagement inspiring pride in our historical roots. the museum is more than a keeper of the past; it is an active participant in shaping the future of our islands. i encourage residents and visitors to experience the turks and caicos islands national museum.
your support not only helps safeguard the heritage of the turks and caicos islands but enriches collective understanding of the extraordinary journey that has shaped these beautiful by nature islands.
 




 minister for tourism, envrionment, heritage & culture, maritime, and gaminghon. josephine connolly"it is a pleasure as minister with responsibility of heritage to welcome you to the turks and caicos islands national museum website.  this gem of an operation is perhaps the most notable establishment in regards to sites of historical interest.  since its establishment in 1991 it has always been an intricate part of our tourism product.  
as a supporter, i believe the national museum’s success depends on all resident and visitors; and as minister i am committed to strengthening our tourism product through the infusion of authenticity and the increase in awareness of the national museum in the development of heritage assets for sustainable tourism development.
visit and explore the grand turk and providenciales locations and experience our heritage and culture through interactive displays and exhibits. special thanks is extended to the national museum, a tangible product, a repository for artefacts and documents, providing a true island experience.".
hon. josephine connolly
minister for tourism, envrionment, heritage & culture, maritime, and gaming
 




 former president of turks and caicos islands community collegedr. hubert a. fulford"my interest in history and research goes back to my years as a student at the then grand turk secondary school, where my teacher and later mentor, the late helena jones robinson instilled a curiosity in me to appreciate context.  at that time, not fully appreciating the impact that curiosity would have on me, i sought only to please my teacher.
pursuing tertiary education at various institutions, in various countries and at various levels, my initial foundation of inquiry was further stimulated.  libraries and museums would form a very important part of my education, specifically during my studies in jamaica, canada and the united kingdom.
returning home after my studies abroad, my first visit to the museum so captivated me that i began to tell all persons, visitors and islanders alike, that a visit to the museum was a must! the quaintness, yet thorough organization and presentation of artifacts of various kinds avowed me.
i found tremendous joy in taking my tci studies students to the museum, standing back and listening to their expressions of excitement and curiosity as the curators and assistants would walk them through the various displays and presentations.
the jamaican expression “likkle but tallawah” (small but strong) aptly fits our museum.  the significance of this institution to our history and culture cannot be over stressed.
welcome to the museum.  a combination of history, culture and enchantment awaits you."

dr. hubert a. fulford
former president of turks and caicos islands community college
 












 historic photo gallery of the turks and caicos islandsall images and the design of this web site are protected under federal copyright laws.  any downloading, duplication or reproduction of any part of this web site by any method whatsoever without the expressed written permission of the turks & caicos national museum foundation is strictly prohibited.   photos and/or usage rights are available for purchase please contact us for details. 




 see more 










 

 













 locations 




 
guinep house, front streetgrand turk, turks & caicos islands, british west indies (bwi)
tel (01 649) 247-2160 
from the us (786) 220-1159 
hours vary - see our schedule under locations 




 
the village at grace baydevelopment office and caicos heritage house
providenciales, turks & caicos islands, british west indies (bwi)
tel (01 649) 247-2160
grace bay hours: see hours for this location 










 


site design by  nh web design company danconia | © 2021 all rights reserved. 






top























