












vassar college home | vassar college
















      skip to main content
    








vassar
vassar college



search



search button






open search






close search








close menu  





actions


apply


visit


give




roles


fearlessly consequential


students


families


 alums


employees





main navigation


about


academics


admission


campus life


athletics


arts


sustainability


news






























 









generation vassar
from february 24 to 28, join alums, students, families, and employees in supporting the vassar experience. make your gift and join with us throughout this week of giving.







 









academics
architectural drawings and personal papers of the late jeh vincent johnson, a renowned architect who taught architectural design at vassar, were donated to vassar by his family and are now housed in the college’s archives and special collections library. read more.







 









black history month
professor mia mask, author of a critically acclaimed book on black westerns recently curated a series of 15 films in the genre for the british film institute. read more.

photo courtesy of bfi







 









black history month
vassar’s black history month events include a talk by author alexis pauline gumbs (pictured). check out the rest of the lineup.

photo by sufia ikbal-doucet.










previous



next









news







 





vassar points the way forward on sustainability with tour for local officials









 





in 11th year, sophomore career connections offers a wealth of insight









 





vassar mlk day gathering uplifts and inspires













vassar everywhere









as colleges respond to rapidly shifting federal policies, president elizabeth bradley tells j. stephen morrison of the common health podcast, “we’re ready.”








annie dickson-vandervelde, faculty research associate in physics and astronomy, spoke to science about a study on jupiter’s moons.








film professor mia mask interviews pioneering director mario van peebles, whose new jack city (1991) placed him at the helm of new black realist cinema, for the british film institute.








meghan daum ’92, who lost everything in the l.a. fires, wrote a guest essay for the new york times on how the experience taught her to accept help.








film professor mia mask, author of black rodeo: a history of the african american western, returns to the british film institute in london as season curator of a 15-film retrospective of african american-themed westerns.




















academics & faculty
choose from 48 departments and programs, 50 majors, plus the independent program (interdisciplinary “design your own” major).
the vassar faculty is a diverse community of scholars, artists, writers, scientists, musicians, and thinkers. learn more about the faculty and their teaching and research interests.
departments and programs | majors | faculty
explore





admission & financial aid

 


a vassar education opens minds and doors.
apply financial aid 





facts & statsstudents2,444faculty358student:faculty8:1average aid award$58,722majors51varsity teams25




this is vassar
vassar is fueled by an abundant energy, a creative force, a curious spirit, propelling our pursuits, hobbies, studies, and artistic endeavors. as we feed off one another’s energy, we further ignite our own fascinations. we can be uncommonly motivated and passionately inspired. we can also be laid back, but we are never just one thing. we are people who live out loud and introspective old souls. and no matter who we are, how we’re feeling, or what we’re doing, we share that universal spark that illuminates the world around us. come take a look.this is vassar, our monthly email newsletter, has feature stories and news updates about our vibrant community. browse the archive or subscribe!browse/subscribe







 









alums
economist philip jefferson ’83 was sworn in as vice chair of the board of governors of the federal reserve system in september 2023 after president biden nominated him for the post. read morephoto: karl rabe







 









alums
beowulf boritt ’93 won the 2023 tony award for best scenic design of a musical for new york, new york. read morephoto: cindy ord







 









alums
amina luqman-dawson ’97 won the 2023 newbery medal for her middle-grade historical novel, freewater. read more.photo: matt mendelsohn







 









alums
veteran cnn executive amy entelis ’71 was tapped to run the news outlet for the second time in as many years during a tumultuous time for the company. read morephoto: cnn/jai lennard







 









alums
drag artist sasha velour ’09 published her memoir, the big reveal: an illustrated manifesto of drag, in 2023 and landed on the cover of the new yorker. read morephoto: allyse pulliam










previous



next









athletics
this fall semester, the college swimming and diving coaches association of america (cscaa) recognized the men’s and women’s swimming and diving teams for their achievements in both academics and athletics. read more.

 


photo by stockton photo, inc.

support vassar athletics
 


 




campus life
we at vassar are committed to attracting, supporting, and retaining a strong and inclusive campus community.engage




the arts
there are over 1,000 campus-wide events annually. you will find arts-related events sponsored by the departments of art, music, dance, drama, and film; exhibitions and events at the frances lehman loeb art center, the palmer gallery, and the archives and special collections library.background image: joanne leonard, pear/nopair/oh pere, october 9, 1973 from journal of a miscarriage, 1973, collage on paper, courtesy of the whitney museum of american art, from the ongoing loeb exhibition titled reproductive: health, fertility, agency.experience









×





















 go to top of page










vassar




 124 raymond avenue, poughkeepsie, new york 12604






about


academics


admission


campus life


the vassar institute for the liberal arts






 instagram



 facebook



 linkedin



 youtube



 tiktok



 x



 threads



 flickr



 social media directory



 campus calendar








 


learn more about our comprehensive campaign →







annual security and fire safety report


title ix



© 2025 vassar college











