safeco insurance | quote car insurance, home insurance, connect with independent agentssafeco insurance logoshop insurancecaret downauto & vehiclecar insurancemotorcycle insuranceboat and watercraftclassic carrecreational vehicle (rv)atv & off-road vehiclegolf cart & low-speed vehiclerighttrackpropertyhomeownersrenterscondolandlordhome warrantyother insuranceumbrellapet health insurancecyber protection coveragecommercial insurancefind an agentsafe drivers save with righttrack®learn howfor customerscaret downget answerscustomer supportfind an agentclaims helpclaims centerauto claimshome claimsresourcessafeco blogmake more happennatural disasterssafeco+get the appget roadside assistance*1-877-762-3101*additional charges apply if your policy does not include the towing and labor coverage.for agentscaret downagent resourcesagents in the communitysafeco agent portal ®agents in the communityhow we're investing time and resources to improve our communities.independent agent givingsearchlog inmenusafeco insurancealways clear. never complicated.agentfind a local agententer your zip code to get startedzip codezip codesearchsearch by agency name michigan customers: please note that effective july 1, 2023, the definition of ‘qualified health coverage' as it relates to personal injury protection medical coverage has been updated per mi difs bulletin 2023-12-ins. for policies issued or renewed effective july 1, 2023 and later, the new required deductible for ‘qualified health coverage' is $6,579 or less per individual (formerly $6,000 or less per individual).what you'll love about safecoloading...great coverage at a great priceby bundling auto and home coverage1, you'll get the best blend of savings, convenience, and protection. and as your insurance needs change, we'll keep looking for ways to save you money.loading...sold exclusively through independent agentssafeco believes in the power of relationships. that's why it's sold exclusively through independent agents, who offer ease, choice, and advice.loading...financial strength you can trustsafeco insurance is a proud part of liberty mutual insurance, a fortune 100 company2 and the sixth-largest personal lines insurer in the country3.insurance for your car and home — plus all the fun stuff in betweenwhether it's your 9-to-5 ride or your weekend toys, safeco has you covered. learn more about the products we offer, then connect with a local safeco agent to learn about the best coverage options and pricing for you.loading...autoloading...homeloading...motorcycleloading...boat & watercraftalready a customer? download the mobile appdownload the applog in to pay your bill, get policy docs, and even file a claimit's easy to get started online — select from one of the actions below to begin. loading...pay your billmake a payment anytime, update your payment date, or set up automatic payments.pay your billloading...get policy docsaccess your policy documents and id cards from your account4.get policy docsloading...file a claimit only takes 5-10 minutes and the basic details to begin.file a claimloading...track your claimlog in to check the status of your claim from any device.track your claimprevious cardnext card1discounts and savings are available where state laws and regulations allow, and may vary by state. certain discounts apply to specific coverages only. to the extent permitted by law, applicants are individually underwritten; not all applicants may qualify.2liberty mutual group is ranked 77th on the fortune 100 list of largest corporations in the u.s. based on 2019 revenue.3based on 2019 direct written premium.4insurance id cards are permitted in most states; however, some states do not permit the use of mobile insurance id cards as proof of insurance.resourceslog increate your accountcustomer supportpay your billfraud alertcareersinsurance agentsfind an agentagents in the communitylanguagesenglishroadside assistance1-877-762-3101file a claim1-800-332-3226file your claim onlineprivacy policy | security policy | terms and conditions | member rights | underwriting companies | producer compensation disclosure | equal opportunity employer | web accessibility policy | site map  cprayour california privacy choices | do not sell or share my personal information (ca residents only)safeco insurance logofacebooklinkedintwitter© 2025 liberty mutual insurance, 175 berkeley street, boston, ma 02116insurance is offered by safeco insurance company of america and/or its affiliates, with their principal place of business at 175 berkeley street, boston, massachusetts, 02116. this website provides a simplified description of coverage. nothing stated herein creates a contract. all statements made are subject to the provisions, exclusions, conditions and limitations of the applicable insurance policy. please refer to actual policy forms for complete details regarding the coverage discussed. if the information in these materials conflicts with the policy language that it describes, the policy language prevails. coverages and features not available in all states. eligibility is subject to meeting applicable underwriting criteria.