






animal ultrasound clinic








































wednesday, 19 february 2025








                        




enhancing the care you give.

 
welcome to our new website!it is still developing, and changes will be made periodically. 
scroll down for more information on office hours, procedures, and scheduling appointments.



















 





latest news


portland, me clinic update
new: cardiac scan loop
feline heartworm image
fax a referral form










appointment hours







monday
 8 am - 4 pm


tuesday
 8 am - 4 pm


wednesday
 8 am - 4 pm


thursday
 8 am - 4 pm


friday
 8 am - 4 pm


saturday
 closed


sunday
 closed



   
emergency scans are often availableduring off-hours and weekends.

who we are
we are a specialist veterinary referral clinic for cardiology and internal medicine, serving pets and their owners from all over the greater boston area. we see a broad range of animals, from all breeds of dogs and cats to ferrets, rabbits, guinea pigs, hamsters, rats, iguanas, snakes, birds and the occasional wild animal. 
established in 1995, the auc has been treating animals all across the north shore with exceptional expertise and thorough quality. we take the utmost care in making sure your pet is comfortable and content while we perform the necessary procedures to evaluate your pet's medical situation in detail, examine all the current options, and determine the best possible treatment plan. 





the animal ultrasound clinic 


131 boston street


salem, ma 01970







phone


978.740.9800


800.755.7595







fax


978.740.9945







email 


this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.









                              
 
        

for veterinarians:
please use this form to refer cases. 
referral form 






scheduling routine appointments the veterinary staff or owner may call or fax to schedule a procedure. faxing over a referral form completed by the veterinarian in charge will help ensure that we are aware of the pertinent details for each case.
while appointments should be made several days in advance, critical cases will be accommodated as soon as possible.
 
scheduling emergency cases we make every attempt to squeeze in emergency procedures during regular office hours. an additional emergency fee may be applied if the emergency significantly affects the day's scheduled procedures. however, emergency scans are often available during off-hours and weekends. every measure available will be taken to ensure that emergency situations are seen to as soon as possible. your pet's health and comfort are our absolute top priority.  
 
your office visit you will be able to sit with your pet throughout the ultrasound. anesthesia is not necessary for a routine scan. the ultrasound procedure is non-invasive and causes no pain to the patient. 
you will receive a complete explanation of the procedure, detailing the findings and the significance of those findings, as well as recommendations for treatment. the expected lengths of the office visits normally are: 
sonogram or echocardiogram, 30 to 45 minutes  pregnancy sonogram, 15 minutes  ultrasound-guided biopsy and endoscopic procedures, 60 to 90 minutes

 a copy of the report is faxed to your veterinarian and is also made available to you, either at the conclusion of the office visit or by mail or email within 24 hours. copies of the report may by forwarded to other facilities if requested.




dr. tom rossi, dvm consults on all internal medicine patients and provides diagnostic and treatment plans in an evidence-based, literature-based, and biopsy-based method of the practice of referral internal medicine. experience from nearly 30 years of ultrasonography and the help of top-quality equipment lend timely and accurate diagnoses. literature searches are routinely performed for our patients.




the animal ultrasound clinic 131 boston st. salem, ma 01970tel: (800) 755-7595  tel: (978) 740-9800fax: (978) 740-9945
built on with html5 and css3 by this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.copyright ©2013 yootheme
 


powered by warp theme framework



