

















department of medicine - washington university school of medicine in st. louis













































































































skip to content
skip to search
skip to footer




washu medicine 




john t. milliken department of medicine

 open menu




back
close
menu




search for:




search




close search



aboutabout

welcome from the chair
leadership statement on inclusion, diversity, equity and antiracism
centers and institutes
office of faculty development
newsnews

dom insider newsletter
divisional newsletters


events
faculty recognition
resources
contact


divisions
patient carepatient care

safety, quality, and operationssafety, quality, and operations

message from the vice chairs
patient safety officers
ambulatory operations executive council
inpatient operations executive council
medical directors


patient services locations
epic updates


researchresearch

clinical researchclinical research

message from the vice chair
faculty in clinical research
directory modification form
clinical research help form
additional resources form


publications
success spotlights
resources


educationeducation

message from the vice chairmessage from the vice chair

fellows council


residency
fellowships
graduate degrees/training programs
training grants
clinicopathological conference (cpc)
grand rounds
clinician educator tracksclinician educator tracks

certificate program
fellowship for general internists
fellowship for medicine subspecialty fellows


internal medicine clerkship
the washington manual of medical therapeuticsthe washington manual of medical therapeutics

timeline of book covers


resources


ideas at domideas at dom

programs
training
message from the vice chair for the advancement of women’s careers
advancing women in academic medicineadvancing women in academic medicine

leaders in empowerment and development (lead) awards
programming
awam updates
resources and opportunities
career development opportunities
executive committee
contact


forum for women in medicineforum for women in medicine

upcoming events
dom moms & caregivers
steering committee
journeys in medicine: narratives with women faculty
fwim trainee leadership development program
resources
recordings
past events
contact


resources


giving




open search



 

  











fostering a tradition of excellence in patient care, education and research for more than a century 
our department embraces the latest medical technologies and trains the best and brightest doctors so we can guide medical practice from the bench to the bedside.


at a glance



764
full-time faculty





$216.2m
research funding


$54.1m
clinical trial awards





32
fellowships






specialty divisions
from allergy and immunology to rheumatology, our 18 specialty divisions are national leaders in education, patient care and research.

learn more about the divisions



centers & institutes
we cultivate initiatives that develop and support our faculty, enhance our research mission, and build a diverse and inclusive community.

explore our research centers and institutes










the award supports a key period of growth toward becoming an independent physician scientist, guided by my research mentor dr. jeffrey gordon and the washu gi division led by dr. nicholas davidson. i am thankful for this chance to learn research expertise, new ways of thinking, and leadership skills from such a rich training environment. the aga award is an endorsement of their belief in our future success.
zenan chang, md, phdthird year fellow & 2024 aga research foundation awardee

read news article







latest news




awards/fellowships/honors/accolades, grants, news, the dom insider
nih awards $10 million to study human virome (links to an external site)

february 19, 2025researchers at washu medicine have received two grants totaling more than $10 million from the national institutes of health (nih) to study the human body’s resident viruses, those not known to be associated with disease.news
stitziel elected to cardiology association

february 18, 2025nathan o. stitziel, md, phd, a professor of medicine and of genetics at washington university school of medicine in st. louis, has been elected to the association of university cardiologists. 

see all news



events

19 
feb 

carl vernon moore ​memorial lecture

feb 19, 2025 
2:00 pm - 4:00 pm 
moore auditorium



20 
feb 

medicine grand rounds

feb 20, 2025 
8:00 am - 9:00 am 
clopton auditorium, wohl clinic



20 
feb 

rare diseases day

feb 20, 2025 
8:00 am - 5:00 pm 
eric p. newman education center (epnec) | zoom



20 
feb 

meda career seminar series

feb 20, 2025 
12:00 pm - 1:00 pm 
crtc, wohl clinic building, 2nd floor




see all events








tap into latest developments, opportunities and insights from the department of medicine
@washudeptmed






why we love st. louis
here you’ll find charming neighborhoods, vibrant culture and culinary scenes, and plenty of fun for nature-lovers and urbanites alike – all packed into an incredibly affordable city.

learn more











washu medicine department of medicinewashu medicineoffice location: 4960 children’s place, suite 6602mailing address: 660 s. euclid ave., msc 8066-22-6602st. louis, mo 63110view more contact information

facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube



resources office of faculty development
inclusion, diversity, equity, allyship and social justice (ideas)
oliver langenberg physician-scientist training program
volunteer for health
about st. louis
 

epic information & other epic information
epic vlogs archive
new provider epic training guide
dom faculty business mtg.
fy2025 grants

 


©2025 washington university in st. louis















