





































belize travel & vacation packages - adventure tours | island expeditions















      skip to main content
    













contact usbook now












main navigation



            incredible belize
          


why belize?


about belize & her people


where is belize?


detailed maps of belize


belize photo gallery


belize video gallery





            about us
          


about island expeditions


responsible travel


trip leaders


delicious meals


make space in your case


bocawina rainforest lodge & adventures





            our trips
          


coral atolls & belize barrier reef


rainforest, rivers & ruins


lodge-based inclusive packages


groups & schools


family vacations & pricing


kayak rentals & outfitting


trip specials





            book your trip
          


book now


payment & cancellations


belize travel insurance


belize flight information


common questions


planning & packing





            connect with us
          


contact us


request a brochure


newsletter sign-up


island expeditions blog


social media


travel agents information


belize adventure group





















video file








can we send you a free pdf guide to belize?












































 where did you hear about us? magazinenewspaperother websitesocial mediatrade showtravel agentweb searchword of mouth



















 












belize adventure experts
we’re good at what we do because we love doing it. and it doesn’t hurt that we have over 35 years of experience outfitting trips to the most spectacular settings in friendly belize! our professional local guides will show you the belize that no guidebook or internet recommendation can. island expedition has a variety of belize tour packages and vacation options to fit any group or taste. 












belize barrier reef & coral atolls
the belize barrier reef system comprises an astounding world of white sand cayes and pristine coral reefs teeming with marine life. explore these spectacular regions with us.
more...









rainforest, rivers & ruins
venture inland into the tropical world of belize; descend into ancient mayan ceremonial caves, go with the flow on jungle rivers, or climb to the pinnacle of a mayan temple.  these excursions take you deeper.
more...








year round lodge stays
rooms with a view in belize. from remote beachside cabanas to full service resort lodges and jungle spas, these are the best places to stay in belize.
more...


















check out our trip specials!












 get this deal! →









looking for scuba diving in belize?
explore the best diving spots in the second-largest barrier reef in the world!
watch the video below and click here for the itinerary













on








adventure doesn't have to mean adrenaline

it means immersion.
we know belize like the back of our hand because it’s our backyard—an exotic, tropical, and uncrowded paradise. with the help of our local guides—the mayan, creole, and garifuna people—let us help you dive into a life-changing experience.
you may never want to leave belize...
and that's okay. we know the feeling. over thirty-five years ago, we fell in love with this place, its coral atolls, ancient mayan ruins, limestone caves, amazing wildlife, and generous people.
join us on one of our belizean adventures, and you’ll fall in love with belize too. let us help you choose the perfect belize vacation package for you and your family.
for a free belize adventure guide, click here

















don't just take our word for it
island expeditions has been featured in these outstanding publications











 

 








 

 








 

 








 

 








 

 














 pedro and vens were absolutely outstanding guides. they really immersed us into the mayan culture. the time on the moho river was superb and learning about the mayan culture was an unexpected plus.
-glen c. 




 keep doing what you're doing!  you have provided my husband and me with a truly life-changing experience that we will remember always.  the right words don't exist to properly express the feelings of peace and love we found on that island with our new family and life-long friends.
- frances f. 




 overall this was an excellent trip - very well organized with excellent guides and destinations. the trip to the cave was a highlight for me - a truly authentic experience.
- irina g. 




 it was obvious that great care and love went into the food preparation. special kudus to venancio and pedro for the "bamboo chicken" and freshly caught river fish.
_vicki s.  



























let's stay in touch!
sign up for the latest travel news on belize, plus exclusive trip deals.




name:  



email:  



state / province:  




































something to blog about
you can find and search through other blog posts here










love & adventure await at glover’s reef & lighthouse reef
 2025-02-04 
love & adventure await at glover’s reef & lighthouse reef
basecamps of love – whether it’s romance, friendship, or family fun!
it’s february, the perfect time to celebrate love in all its forms!


read more







belize launches digital immigration & customs system
 2024-11-29 
belize launches digital immigration & customs system
streamlined travel for a seamless belizean adventure
belize is making travel easier and more convenient with its new digital imm


read more







discover lighthouse reef in belize
 2024-11-26 
discover lighthouse reef in belize: the ultimate island escape
nestled on half moon caye, part of belize’s renowned lig


read more















contact us
 call us →  email us →

















 
 









 
 









 








 
 
























questions? contact us
toll-free:
1-800-667-1630
int’l:
1-604-894-2312
email:
info@islandexpeditions.com 
agents:
travel agent information 







connect with us



























 


 













explore our other sites
bocawina rainforest resort 
 belize zipline bocawina rainforest adventures 
tobacco caye paradise 
belize kayak rentals 
belize student travel 








 















all tours operated by island expeditions company limited





 











