




























welcome to wellington regional medical center | wellington, fl





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program



search


561-798-8500561-798-8500



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: telehealth 
breast care services 
cancer center 
cardiology 
lung program 
emergency services 
fetal surgery 
laboratory services 
lymphedema program 
maternity 
neonatal intensive care unit (nicu) 
neurosurgery and neurology 
orthopedic services 
otolaryngology 
outpatient rehabilitation 
primary care 
radiology 
stroke services 
surgery 
urology 
vascular institute 
weight-loss surgery 
weight management center 
wound care 


patients & visitors finance, billing and insurance: online bill pay 
patient billing information 
financial information 
health insurance marketplace 

patient services: online registration - regie 
make an appointment 
refer a patient/leading reach 
no surprises act 
phone directory 
health records online 
price guide 
daisy award 
health equity 
obtaining your medical records 

visitors: visitor information 
send note to patient 
direction and map 


events events: event calendar 

programs: childbirth and parenting classes 
support groups 
volunteering 
wellness series 


about about us contact us 
serving our community 
awards and accreditations 
ask the ceo 
hospital leadership and board of governors 
news 

resources blog 
health risk assessments 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program
 



search form

search 

























    0 min.  

    view er wait time  








          er wait time
        
  
0 min.er at westlakeview maprequest a time

 

	if you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1. refresh your screen to get the latest wait time. for the most accurate wait time, call the hospital.






















recognized for excellence in heart failure care 
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	gme program	    





how can we help you?

search form

search 












  
   
health risk assessments from wellington regional
health risk assessments can help you discover important information about your health.
start now


    
   
er at westlake
the er at westlake provides emergency care, radiology and lab services.
read more


 


previous next 








































ai-powered robotic system now available at wellington regional medical center for treatment of enlarged prostate

ai-powered robotic system now available at wellington regional medical center for treatment of enlarged prostate
aquablation® therapy with the new hydros™ robotic system is the next-generation platform to treat men suffering from benign prostatic hyperplasia (...
read 

wellington regional medical center is nationally recognized for its commitment to providing high-quality stroke care

wellington regional medical center is nationally recognized for its commitment to providing high-quality stroke care
the american heart association presents get with the guidelines® - stroke gold plus award for proven dedication to ensuring all stroke patients...
read 

u.s. news & world report names wellington regional medical center to its 2024-2025 best hospitals as a high performing hospital for heart failure

u.s. news & world report names wellington regional medical center to its 2024-2025 best hospitals as a high performing hospital for heart failure
this is the highest distinction a hospital can earn for best hospitals procedures & conditions ratings.
read 




blog


at the  wellington regional medical center blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


a heart attack strikes

a heart attack strikes february 6, 2025 
	a wellington regional medical center employee thanks cardiac staff for saving her life. read article 
 

is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 16, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 16, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events









hospital facts & numbers
at wellington regional medical center

0

                    affiliated physicians                


0

                    the year we opened                


0

                    beds                




 
















wellington regional medical center10101 forest hill boulevard, wellington, fl 33414561-798-8500561-798-8500 








contact us
about the hospital
careers
news
wellington physicians urgent care



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither wellington regional medical center, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.


site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
financial information
visitation policy
accessibility statement
code of conduct
compliance hotline
price transparency






© 2025 wellington regional medical center. all rights reserved.














