








    act | college and career readiness solutions
  

































skip to content
act.org,actprofile.org,act.org,actstudent.org,act.alertline.com,services.actstudent.org,career4.successfactors.com,engage.act.org,discoveractaspire.org,qc.vantage.com,myworkkeys.act.org,twitter.com,facebook.com,youtube.com,plus.google.com,linkedin.com,preview.act.org,workreadycommunities.org,pearson.com,instagram.com,actaspire.org,run2.careerready101.com,run2.keytrain.com,leadershipblog.act.org,my.act.org













toggle navigation
menu
menu



open search form






start your journey 

plan for college and career 
take the act 
school and district assessment 
career-ready solutions 







students & parents 


k-12 


workforce 


higher ed 


blogs 




open search form





myact















search

search site...








close search









other act services and products




























      
       achieve your best act scores when you bundle! limited time offer! 
    
get two act tests for $99! (regular act test price is $65). register for the april, june, or july act test by march 16 and get a voucher for a second test anytime through summer 2026. 
don't miss out on this opportunity. register today and take the first step towards achieving your college dreams! 














              
            
            register for the act
            
            
          























		 
	






































*#1 taken college admissions test in nearly half of u.s. states (based on 2024 graduating class).














      
       why choose our act savings bundle? 
    

best value for your best score: save big on two tests and schedule your path to victory. 
flexibility on your terms: pick a second test date anytime through summer 2026. wait until the last minute to register — you're protected from late fees! 
get a competitive edge: your scores mean access to competitive programs; to money for college; to the future you dream about. 










            bundle faqs
            
          
























next test date: april 5
regular registration deadline: february 28


























              
            
            register for the act
            
            
          


























              
            
            get a registration reminder
            
            
          




























		 
 
	




































            
            the act
            
          






















            
            registration
            
          






















            
            test prep
            
          

































            
            test day
            
          






















            
            scores
            
          






















            
            fee waivers
            
          































      
       high school, college, and workplace success begin here 
    
act serves a wide variety of people just like you who are looking for guidance as they navigate their college, career, and workforce journey. choose a category below to get started.


















      
       college and career planning 
    
















 students and parents 

success in high school, college preparation, career planning, testing advice, and many more tools to help you navigate the future.








            
            students & parents
            
            
          













      
       assessments & services 
    
















 k-12 educators 

assessment resources to help k-12 students find success, how to leverage act solutions, and professional development to bring it all together.








            
            k-12 educators
            
            
          













      
       enrollment management 
    
















 higher education 

industry-leading research, strategic insights, and proprietary data to achieve enrollment, marketing, and academic programming success.









            
            higher education
            
            
          













      
       workforce solutions 
    
















 adult education 

workkeys is a system of assessments, curriculum, certification, and skills profiling that builds and measures essential workplace skills.








            
            adult education
            
            
          

























      
       act news and thought leadership 
    
read the latest news about act and gain insights from thought leaders who are helping learners, their families, and educators discover and navigate pathways toward college and career success.













            
            news & thought leadership
            
            
          











































      
       fighting for fairness in education 
    
act's center for impact and learning is focused on fighting for fairness in education and to help create a world where everyone can discover and fulfill their potential.









            
            act's center for impact and learning
            
            
          














































students & parents


k-12 professionals


higher education


workforce


international






about act


careers


events


solutions & services


state & federal programs






act blogs 


research 


for the media 


sign in 


contact 







      © by act education corp. all rights
      reserved.
      terms of use





instgram


tik tok


twitter


facebook


linkedin


youtube






privacy policy|


vendors|


report cheating|


ethics|


accessibility|



















×


this action will open a new window. do you want to proceed?



ok


cancel









×












×
welcome to act


if you are accessing this site from outside the united states, puerto rico, or u.s. territories, please proceed to the non-u.s. version of our website.


close  
					go
















top

