









the numismatic bibliomania society (nbs)




















toggle navigation

navigation







            









home
about

contact 
officers 
nbs awards 
membership 
constitution

resources

nbs wiki
nbs podcasts

the asylum

submissions
subject index
author index
back order form
 
the e-sylum

full issue archive
e-sylum thin archive
subscribe
 
events










 


















 












welcome to nbs
the numismatic bibliomania society (nbs) is an educational association founded in 1979 to support and promote the use and  collecting of numismatic literature. numismatic literature includes books, periodicals, catalogs and other written or printed material relating to coins, medals, tokens, or paper money, ancient or modern, u.s. or worldwide.
join nbs today »









this week's e-sylum


februry 16, 2025



 wayne's words: the e-sylum february 16, 2025 
 asylum spring 2025 issue published 
 numismatic auctions sale 69 literature lots 
 new book: gold bars of the central mints 
 periodical: occasional numismatic papers no. 3 


this week's complete e-sylum »
e-sylum archive | e-sylum subscription page
want to print an article from the e-sylum? learn how >>click here<<



announcements

new nbs podcastnumismatic bibliographies, with david fanning, interview by lianna spurrier. podcasts can be heard here.
back issues  -  kolbe & fanning numismatic booksellers are now managing the distribution of back issues of the award-winning journal the asylum. back issues are available in limited numbers. an inventory of what's available can be downloaded at 
asylumbackissues.pdf. contact kolbe & fanning at orders@numislit.com or (614) 414-0855 to order.
the asylum author index has been updated. it is available on the nnp or on 
the asylum page.













nbs podcasts
nbs commissioned lianna spurrier to produce a bimonthly podcast for nbs. below are the current 4 nbs bibliotalk podcasts to date: 

episode 20 - nbs interviews numismatic author eric brothers
episode 19 - collection highlights continued (part 2), with dan hamelberg
episode 18 - literature collecting and the impact of technology 
episode 17 - collection highlights continued, with dan hamelberg
episode 16 - the canadian numismatic bibliography, with daryl atchison

all podcasts can be heard  here.
nbs podcasts are also available on apple podcasts, google podcasts, and spotify.

















subscribe to the asylum »





vol. 43 no. 1 - table of contents
the asylum spring 2025
in this issue:

 charles i. bushnell: attorney and counsellor at law by julia casey 
 the voice of the turtle and the ancient coin club of america: rediscovering a lost chapter in numismatic literature by william e. daehn 
 the secret service and the secret m. a. brown plates by leonard augsburger 
 the bibliographical society medal by ira rezak 
 an unusual wedding present "full of new ideas and possibilities" by david pickup 
 a bibliography of inaugural medal reference works by michael b. costanzo 





click on the link below for free pdf copy of the summer issue v38n2:

free pdf of asylum v38n2 summer 2020



martin gengerke has made his book on ana auctions open source and available for download by nbs member at no charge. the book can be found on the >>resources page.<<














  
nbs sponsors






















to become a sponsor of the nbs web site and/or the e-sylum, contact wayne homren 








 









the numismatic bibliomania society (nbs) is an educational association founded in 1979 to support and promote the use and collecting of numismatic literature. numismatic literature includes books, periodicals, catalogs and other written or printed material relating to coins, medals, tokens, or paper  money, ancient or modern, u.s. or worldwide. copyright © 1998 - 2025 by numismatic bibliomania society (nbs)     


privacy policy | 
		 nbs webmaster















