









nzcal - general interest articles



































			skip to content		



nzcal
general interest articles




 







norman appliance repair: the all-around house equipment specialists 


it takes a lot of effort to keep our homes clean and comfortable. appliances help in making chores feel a lot easier. the house also feels much nicer to live in because of them. since they provide us with countless benefits, we should take good care of these machines through careful use and regular maintenance. in case something goes wrong, we must call for repairs right away to fix the problem. don’t wait for the issue to get worse before taking action. norman appliance repair serves several areas in oklahoma including norman, noble, moore, purcell, blanchard tuttle, slaughterville and chickasha.
refrigerator repair
we use the refrigerator to store food and make them last longer than usual. we don’t have to go to the store as frequently so we save time. leftovers can be reheated the next day instead of going to waste. if this appliance breaks down, then the household can be severely affected. get the problem sorted out at once to minimize the impact on the family. maybe the unit is not providing sufficient cooling like it used to. perhaps the door seals are not closing shut and letting cold air escape. whatever it might be, bring in the experts as soon as possible.
clothes dryer repair
clothes dryers are extremely important in modern cities. in the past, people could wash clothes and hang them outside where they can dry all day under the sun. this is much harder to do when you live in one of the cramped apartments in the city where there is simply no space to put wet clothes in. dryers help take out the moisture right after washing so our shirts, pants, dresses, suits, curtains, and linens can be ready for use right away. there’s no need to wait for hours before they dry. foul smell will not develop due to moisture. don’t let your dirty laundry pile up. call for technicians to fix a bad dryer. 
dishwasher not working
nobody really likes to wash the dishes. after a good meal, most people feel a lazy contentment that makes them want to simply sit down and have a good time. dirty dishes get left on the table and on the sink. of course, these will have to be cleaned sooner or later. otherwise pests will come out and climb all over them to eat the leftovers. dishwashers help finish the job with ease. they do all the dirty work so you are left with sparkling plates and glasses afterwards. keep your washer in good shape to maintain cleanliness in your kitchen. give us a ring whenever you need to repair dishwasher units. 
you can always count on norman appliance repair for those times when you find your refrigerator not cooling, your clothes dryer not spinning, and your washer not getting the job done. we are located at 3334 west main at norman, oklahoma but serve nearby areas as well. tell us about the issue you are facing and we will provide estimates free of charge.


author alfred hawkinsposted on august 7, 2016august 7, 2016leave a comment on norman appliance repair: the all-around house equipment specialists 



always meeting your appliance service needs 


if you live in the greater oklahoma city area and you are wanting to get your heating or cooling needs, or both addressed, then look no further than the amazing people at okc appliance. however, you may be wondering why you should be giving the fine people at okc appliance a chance to help you out, well sit back and get ready because here are many reasons why you need to hire these folks right now. first off, these folks have been in business for over two decades, which means that whether you need freezer service, heater repair or anything in between, you need to get in contact with them right now. still not convinced, then you also need to know that this company has taken home several awards like the 2004 repair service of the year, 2006 repair service of the year and 2009 repair/customer service of the year awards. this is not just some random company that will eventually show up at your house or place of business and perform subpar work, this is a company that will show up to your house or place of business in a timely fashion to perform work that will leave you happy not just for a few days, but for many years to come.
here is something else that makes you know that you are getting the finest work done because okc appliance offers a free service call for any appliance situation that they handle for you. so, if the rare moment that this company drops the ball and messes up appliance work, they will not leave you hanging or charge you an obscene amount of money to come back for repair work, they will show up in a timely manner and they will do all necessary work for free. how many companies can you name that will return to the place that work was done for free and also do any necessary work for free as well, i think it is a really safe guess that okc appliance is one of the few companies that are going to do that.
this company does not discriminate when it comes to home or business work because they do all repair/service work on such appliances as refrigerators, dryers, washers, ovens, sub zero appliances, dishwashers, plus they will do so many more services that would take us a very long time to list here. you can easily go check out this amazing company for yourself because you can visit our website by going online now and checking out okcapppliance.com. this company is going to not only meet your needs, but they are going to do work that goes well beyond your expectancies and when the work is done, you will be satisfied with its for days, weeks, months and years ahead. in the end of the day, you can hire any company to come to your house or place of business to meet your heating/cooling/appliance needs, but nobody will come close to the quality of work that okc appliance will provide.


author alfred hawkinsposted on may 8, 2016august 7, 2016leave a comment on always meeting your appliance service needs 








			search for:		



		search	



recent posts


norman appliance repair: the all-around house equipment specialists


always meeting your appliance service needs


recent commentsarchives

august 2016
may 2016

categories

appliance repair


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



nzcal

					proudly powered by wordpress				






