





hossein sadeghi-nejad, m.d., f.a.c.s









































 













skip to main content visit our facebookvisit our twittervisit our youtube channel
menu

home
dr. sadeghi-nejad

video introduction
dr. sadeghi-nejad’s bio
authorship & publication
awards & recognitions
testimonials


patient information

covid-19 precautions
what to bring to your appointment
your first appointment
insurance and payment info
notice of privacy practices
contact information


services
request an appointment
patient resources

patient education
links & support organizations
videos
in the media



close


visit our facebookvisit our twitterrespected physicianlisted in new york magazine's top doctorsleading academicprofessor of urology and obstetrics & gynecology/director of men's health at nyu langone - nyu grossman school of medicinepeyronie's expertthe urologist's choice for peyronie's disease and implant surgery referralspenile implant surgeona coloplast center of excellence in nycmedical researcherrecipient of research grants, principal investigator in clinical trialswe're open!dear patients,
please know that our office is following all recommended guidance from public health authorities, including best practices for hygiene and infection control. we feel confident in our ability to continue seeing patients safely and to provide the care that you have come to expect.
our highest priority is to keep all of our patients and staff as safe as possible.
we look forward to seeing you!
sincerely,hossein sadeghi-nejad, md, facscall to schedule appointments during the following hours:
monday – friday8:00am – 5:00pm
tel: 646.825.6300hossein sadeghi-nejad, md, facsrecognitions

new york magazine: top doctors: 2020
us news top doctors*
america’s top doctorsbest doctors in new jersey
more awards

* denotes that a doctor, in castle connolly's estimation, is among the top 1% in the nation in his or her specialtydr. sadeghi-nejad is a specialist in male infertility and erectile dysfunction and offers diagnosis and treatment for all male reproductive conditions. his subspecialty interests include:

erectile dysfunction (impotence)
male infertility
peyronie’s disease (curved penis)
vasectomy reversal

dr. sadeghi-nejad has expertise in the latest urological technology and innovations, including sophisticated diagnostic testing and minimally invasive methods for erectile dysfunction, microsurgical vasectomy reversal, sperm aspiration for assisted reproduction, and penile duplex doppler ultrasound.
dr. sadeghi-nejad is professor of urology and obstetrics & gynecology/director of men’s health at nyu langone - nyu grossman school of medicine. he also sees patients nyu’s center for men’s health (cmh) in manhattan.
dr. sadeghi is immediate-past president of the sexual medicine society of north america (smsna).dr. sadeghi-nejad treats all urologic conditions and offers expertise in the following urologic categories:

bph (enlarged prostate)
penile implant surgery
peyronie’s disease
male infertility
erectile dysfunction
other sexual dysfunction
vasectomy and vasectomy reversal
latest patient education articles






foamy urine: what it means and when to see a doctor

in most cases foamy urine is nothing to worry about, but in some situations, it could be a sign of an underlying health issue.

read more
 



why do men choose vasectomy reversal?

experts estimate that 6% to 15% of men who have vasectomies eventually undergo a vasectomy reversal. vasectomy reversal, while a complex procedure, offers many men a second chance at natural conception.

read more
 

view more patient education materials »videosget to know dr. sadeghi-nejad

ed video overview

more videos with dr. sadeghi-nejad's  youtube channelin the media







dr. sadeghi-nejad is hosting the men’s health show on doctor radio / sirius xm 110 with guests landon trost md, his mentor irwin goldstein md, and sue goldstein ccrc & president, isswsh, july 5, 2023, at 6-8 pm est.

 


dr. sadeghi-nejad discusses men’s health and fertility issues related to covid-19

 


dr. sadeghi-nejad discusses the effect of covid-19 and the vaccine on fertility and pregnancy

 


interview excerpts from business insider article on new telemedicine companies offering online prescriptions for viagra and other erectile-dysfunction medications

 

see more »follow @drhsadeghinejad[custom-twitter-feeds feed=1]views expressed on this website are those of hossein sadeghi-nejad, md, facs, and not those of nyu langone health.hossein sadeghi-nejad, m.d., f.a.c.s.nyu langone - nyu grossman school of medicine222 e 41st street, 12th floornew york, ny 10017map locationpremium medical websitesprivacy policy | security policy | terms of use©hossein sadeghi-nejad, md, facs 






closemap-markerinfo-circletwitterbarscaret-downyoutube-play



linkedin





facebook



pinterest



youtube



rss



twitter



instagram





facebook-blank



rss-blank



linkedin-blank



pinterest



youtube



twitter



instagram




















