
      online fabric store │ best fabric store 


              

                              account contact my cart         

free shipping $149+* |  most orders ship same or next biz day!

         0          wish list |  orders| my account   0 shopping cart     shopping cart  your cart is currently empty.           shop                   fabric   all  new    home decor fabric  upholstery fabric drapery fabric slipcover fabric bedding fabric drapery lining extra wide fabric sheer fabric outdoor fabric draping fabric farmhouse fabric    utility fabric  burlap fabric canvas & denim tablecloth vinyl fabric contract fabric flame retardant water repellent outdoor fabric    bridal/fashion  satin fabric silk fabric faux silk sheer fabric 100% linen fabric apparel lining 100% cotton draping fabric    quilting  cotton fabric backing fabric extra wide fabric gingham fabric minky fabric baby quilts    by design  all solids all patterns abstract animal baby bird camouflage check chevron children's contemporary damask diamond farmhouse fabric floral geometric gingham check ikat leaf & vine nautical novelty paisley plaid retro scrolls & swirls shabby chic solid southwestern sports stripes toile traditional tribal tropical    by type  burlap canvas & denim chenille contract damask dupioni silk embroidered extra wide faux fur faux silk flame retardant gingham jacquard linen matelasse minky outdoor rustic satin sheer silk suede tablecloth taffeta velvet vinyl    sale  $2.99 or less clearance fabric sale fabric remnants by the lb seconds sale by the bolt      trim   all  new    sale  clearance trims clearance tassels clearance tiebacks trim remnants    fringe  ball fringe beaded fringe brushed fringe bullion fringe eyelash fringe flower trims pom pom trim ribbon fringe tassel fringe    cording  welt piping cord lip cord cord w/o lip -how to's- how to make piping how to sew lip cord    tassels  all key tassels beaded chair ties clearance    tiebacks  beaded chair ties clearance    curtain tape trim   gimp braid     custom sewing   custom drapes  rod pocket drapes rod pocket w/header soft flat top flat top w/o pins flat top  w/pins grommet drapes large grommet hidden back tab tab top drapes overall buckle tabs 2 fold pinch pleat 3 fold pinch pleat 2 fold euro pleat 3 fold euro pleat inverted box pleat grommet pleats large grommet pleat drapes    custom valances  rod pocket valance rod pocket w/header rod pocket tie-up faux roman shade soft flat top valance flat top valance flat top valance w/pins grommet valance large grommet valance hidden back tab valance tab top valance overall buckle tab valance 2 fold pinch pleat valance 3 fold pinch pleat valance 2 fold euro pleat valance 3 fold euro pleat valance inverted box pleat valance grommet pleat valance large grommet pleat valance roman shades    other soft goods  custom duvet covers custom bed skirts custom bed pillow shams custom pillows & covers custom cushion covers custom tablecloth custom shower curtain    drapery hardware  curtain rods finials brackets drapery rings curtain holdbacks    bfs workroom  how to measure for custom drapes drapery workroom for interior designers condos - we will come to you! party and event sewing - fast! church pew re-upholstery & curtains restaurant booth re-upholstery      supplies   drapery supplies  drapery pins / hooks drapery weights buckram / crinoline    drapery grommets  size 12 grommets size 15 grommets size 2 grommets    drapery hardware  curtain rods finials brackets drapery rings curtain holdbacks    thread  sewing thread quilting thread upholstery thread serger thread    zippers  furniture zippers light duty zippers bulk zippers wholesale       $ale   fabric $2.99 or less   clearance fabric under $5   sale fabric - up to 61% off   fabric remnants - 50% off   fabric by the lb - up to 64% off   fabric seconds sale   wholesale fabric by the bolt   clearance trims - up to 25% off   clearance tassels & tiebacks                              

custom drapes ship within 3 weeks!

    














custom drapes & more by:


bfs workroom


expert craftsmanship on custom drapes, duvet covers, bed skirts, cushions, and pillows. get these custom drapes: killarney linen curtains - custom made just for you! or do you prefer to diy? fabric used in display is killarney glow. or view all colors of killarney 100% pure linen fabric.


shop bfs workroom

  







upholstery fabric








drapery fabric








embroidered fabric








velvet fabric








farmhouse ticking fabric








linen fabric








plaid fabric








curtain tape

    latest reviews     color is way off when i received the sample i thought they sent the wrong color way.  nope. the photo shows grayish background and blues. it came with a camel color background, tans and faint dark blue. not at all what i was looking for.  12.21.2024  show more    - lin       best fabric for sure! this is the first time i have ordered fabric from bestfabric, and i couldn’t be more pleased. the fabric looks as beautiful as it does in the picture, and it’s very fine quality. the piece was generously cut, which i find is usually not the case with other companies. don’t hesitate to order from this company. 10.27.2024  show more    - deborah kitchen       perfect for humane trap covers i volunteer with a group who conduct tnr (trap, neuter, return) on the free-roaming and feral cat population in phoenix, az.  we use humane traps to catch the cats and these traps need covers to allow the cats some seclusion while awaiting surgery. i found this wonderful material at a local furnishing fabric store and bought 20 yards to make trap covers. the camouflage effect allows the trap to blend in with bushes and foliage (i.e., landscaping) and makes it less obvious. 10.15.2024  show more    - barbra loomis       not for hunting this is not huntin cloth, ya might make a nighty with it but not a blind!   this is for hunting in a petting zoo not the woods, you will lose money sending it back. 10.12.2024  show more    - toby ladd       what a fantastic fabric store!  i placed an order for three yards of this fabric. i was sent the wrong width, and was in distress because i needed to make something for an event. i called the store and they made it right immediately. what fantastic customer service!!  when i received the correct width, it was beautiful and all's well that ends well. i'm very grateful for the wonderful folks at this fabric store. : ) 9.20.2024  show more    - wendy kalana       background of fabric the fabric is very nice however the in the photo the background looks more ivory which is what i wanted. the actual fabric looks more of a tan or camel color.  will be checking to see if i can return. 9.12.2024  show more    - gayle bedore       mudan, color: persimmon i love this fabric!  i am making cornices for my breakfast room in it.  i have already banded ivory drapes for the dining room and family room with it to tie the spaces together (all are visible from any one location).  the reason i took off one star is the width.  it is stated as 54" but it is 45", which screwed with my plans.  so i had to order more. 8.6.2024  show more    - beth pierce       great fabric love this on my sectional. paired it with a faux leather and accent fabrics all from bfs.  durable, stylish, great color. 6.15.2024  show more    - kirk       beautiful double sided quilted fabric. beautiful quilted fabric. natural linen on one side creamy white on the other side. i make purses and bags and use this quilted fabric for liners inside my bags. adds stability and elegance to my pieces. i would give 10 stars if i could i love this fabric so much. i am thinking of making a reversible all season quilt out of it. i love it so much. 6.5.2024  show more    - lori gonthier        pictures don't do it justice.  beautiful fabric. has the look of a quilted fabric without being bulky. love the needle point look of the roses. perfect for my vintage tote bags and purses. classic timeless look and feel.  so happy with my purchase.  6.4.2024  show more    - lori gonthier       as expected  good quality cotton canvas fabric. weight is as described and color match is okay 5.28.2024  show more    - haezed        very nice fabric  this is exactly what i wanted. beautiful fabric. 5.8.2024  show more    - jeanne     fabric stores   the industry's best online fabric store welcome to bestfabricstore.com, your new favorite online upholstery fabric outlet! we offer excellent prices, unbeatable customer service, and the convenience of being able to shop and buy anywhere you are. whether you're looking for upholstery fabrics or designer trims, you can find the perfect fabrics for your projects, commercial business, and more here. browse our massive inventory and place an order today!   a huge selection of quality fabricsat your fingertipsif you're interested in fabric for home décor, utility needs, or something else, you'll find what you're looking for and so much more. we have a distribution center that's packed floor to ceiling with decorator fabrics, supplies, and trim, so we can set you up with exactly what you need right when you need it. from bridal and fashion fabrics to utility fabrics, our selection truly has it all no matter what type of projects or business you have. customers have reupholstered vintage furniture and boat seats, created gorgeous drapery and bedding, and even crafted apparel for pets! for regular orders, we ship fabrics out within the next business day. for custom orders, we offer a rapid 5 to 10 business day turnaround.   why shop at bestfabricstore.com? while other fabric stores fail to provide quality customer care, that simply isn’t us. our online upholstery fabric outlet is large enough to offer a huge selection of products, yet small enough to care about every customer. come to us for all kinds of fabric available at discount prices, delivered quickly and efficiently to your door. we're backed by more than 30 years in the industry and continue to pride ourselves on treating each customer with personal attention and support. not sure which type of fabric will best fit your needs? check out our blog, inspiration, and design help sections for visuals, how-to guides, technique tips, themed project ideas, and so much more. not only can we provide the right fabrics, but we can help make sure your crafts turn out absolutely wonderful! simply give us a call and we’ll guide you to the perfect options.   feel free to reach out to us with any questions or concerns by email or by phone at 205-487-8040. one of our friendly team members will be happy to assist you.     what's popularview all           (4)            (13)            (2)            (8)            (18)                            (4)            (3)            (13)            (3)            (3)            (8)            (3)            (6)                    (5)                            (13)            

    – newsletter signup – sign up for our newsletter and be the first to hear about sales and new products!       email address           

         our story 
founded in 1984, bestfabricstore.com is pleased to be the best online fabric store in the industry today. based in winfield, alabama, we're a family and veteran-owned business that specializes in providing designer upholstery fabric, drapery fabric and outdoor fabric by the yard, at discount prices. we treat each order as if it were our own — providing generous cuts, neat folding, secure packaging and deliveries that are on their way to you by the next business day! we are also proud to offer a 1-3 week turnaround on professional-quality custom drapes and more — all at wholesale prices. we ❤ y'all!

  helpful links  
home
about us
faq's
testimonials
wholesale trade
shipping policy
return policy
privacy policy
contact us
       
coupons / discounts
photo gallery
design help
upholsterers
interior designers
resources
upholstery chart
drapery calculator
order custom curtains
    contact  1726 us hwy 43 winfield, al 35594 customer service: 205-487-8040 email us  connect with us             copyright © 2025bestfabricstore.com / warehouse fabrics, inc. 



 ev ssl certificate

      


       questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software    

    
       
