






e2grow · empowered to grow




















































							references
						

							contact us
						




						login
					












bring strengths to work

                        strengths usage has clear and strong impact on engagement, productivity, sales, turnover, well-being. but only when employees use their strengths daily.
                    

                        we take strengths profiles, help employees personalize them and integrate them into tools like microsoft teams and outlook to make strengths part of their daily processes.
                    


get benefits today


                            it will only take you a few minutes to spread strengths throughout the organization.
                        































































































                collaborate better where work happens
            


                with ms office 365 integrations e2grow brings every employee’s do’s and don’ts front and center
            









                    empower your team dynamics right within ms teams.
                

                    employees spend roughly 2.8 hours each week involved in conflict. empower te way your team interacts and get everyone's strengths profiles at their fingertips, enhancing understanding and collaboration. unlock insights into what motivates each team member, their unique working styles, and how to give them effective feedback. seamlessly integrate strengths into every interaction, whether messaging or calls, ensuring every interaction is informed, efficient, and impactful.
                





                    maximize online call efficiency in microsoft teams
                

                    71% of senior managers deem meetings unproductive and inefficient. get insight for what to do and what to avoid with each of the participants. effortlessly access valuable insights to enrich interactions. benefit from customized communication recommendations for each colleague, ensuring your calls are more efficient, focused on results, and geared towards driving productivity and success.
                















                    teamgrid: unveil the power of team synergy
                

                    teams that recognize and develop their specific strengths tend to have 24% lower turnover.  discover the essence of team collaboration with teamgrid in microsoft teams. gain insights into how your team unites, leveraging their collective strengths and the unique contributions of each individual. unlock the potential of your team's dynamics for unparalleled collaboration and success.
                





                    say goodbye to one-size-fits-all emails and hello to efficiency!
                

                    research shows 62% of all email is not important and can be processed in bulk. transform your communication with personalized, efficient messaging in outlook. align quickly, get faster responses, and resolve issues swiftly. propel your projects forward with unmatched speed and effectiveness.
                













                our success stories
			


				let our customers' results do the talking,
			















											how working from home led to an even greater connection with team members 
										



									discover the compelling journey of maja's marketing lab as they navigate the challenges of remote working and transform into a high performing team. from cultivating strong relationships to leveraging individual talent, learn how they overcame obstacles with innovative strategies and achieved unprecedented success in the competitive marketing landscape. 
								

read more















											maximizing marketing potential through a powerful team journey at roche
										



									roche's slovenian and croatian marketing teams were equipped with high-performing employees from the start but faced the challenge of leveraging each other's strengths and fostering collaboration. by introducing the high-performing team program, they were able to change their dynamics, resulting in improved collaboration, productivity, and greater business success. learn how leveraging individual talent and fostering teamwork paved the way to success.
								

read more















											how the power of new habits and strengths leads to more business success
										



									although they were already a team of high-performing individuals, members of the astrazeneca's respiratory and immunology team weren't leveraging each other's strengths, working together collaboratively, or asking for each other's support. after introducing new habits from the high-performing team program, collaboration within their team improved significantly. learn more how transforming team members’ raw strengths into business strengths contributed to frictionless collaboration and overall business growth.
								

read more












				let's start
			


				bring strengths to work
			







							every team matters. we give you tools and know-how to succeed.
						

                            1. upload users & strengths profiles
                            2. distribute usernames or use single-sign on (sso)
                            3. integrate strengths into daily processes
                        


								book a call to start
							





or send us a message.



full name *










company *










email address * * (please enter your business email)










message *






(fields marked with * are required and need to be filled in with valid values)





											send message
										








thank you for getting in contact with us.
















references & partners


partners
references
blog






legal


terms of service
cookie policy






follow us
































