






galeria de la raza – an interdisciplinary chicano/latinx space for art, thought, and activism.











































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer skip to custom navigationgaleria de la razaan interdisciplinary chicano/latinx space for art, thought, and activism.about us

staff
board of directors
press


public programs

visual art exhibitions
performance art


artist programs

artist fellowship
regen artist fund
portfolio submission


resources

artist resources
community resources
archival resources

legacy archive
galería 4.0: a retrospective




get involved

internships
employment
volunteer


support us

donate
capital campaign


rentals

community/nonprofit event rental
private event rentals


calendar
englishenglishespañol


rooted: exhibition by regen artist xochitl priscilla
rooted is a multidisciplinary group exhibition that presents a collection of artwork created by women that were born, raised and reside in frisco. this exhibition unearths and weaves the often absent female gaze to demonstrate the inextricable ties we hold to our environments, inviting us to reflect on the connections to the places we call home.on view at galería studio 24 wednesday-friday 12-5 pm

learn more






lunada literary lounge will return march 14, 2025
lunada is back this season with a soon to be announced lineup of incredibly talented poets, performers, writers, and local creatives. mission district homeboy and writer norman zelaya is back on the mic as our host and curator and is filled with surprises!

learn more






rooted: closing reception
“rooted unearths and weaves the often absent female gaze to demonstrate the inextricable ties we hold to our environments, inviting us to reflect on the connections to the places we call home.”join us on february 14, 2025 from 6- 10 pm to close out this love letter to the city.

learn more





upcoming events

opening reception: a regen exhibitionmarch 8 @ 7:00 pm - 10:00 pmlunada literary loungemarch 14 @ 7:00 pm - 9:30 pmlunada literary loungeapril 12 @ 7:00 pm - 9:30 pm

get involved


studio 16 (under construction)


studio 24


advocacy & policy



footer


support us
galería de la raza is an interdisciplinary chicano/latinx space for art, thought, and activism.



donate to the capital campaign
donate to galería de la raza





stay in touch


facebook
instagram
youtube
tiktok



sign up for our newsletter



contact us




studio 16(under construction)
main gallery and performance space2840 16th st.san francisco, ca 94103open for special events.
please follow us on social media and sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date on upcoming events!


studio 24
education annex and administrative office2779 folsom st ste. asan francisco, ca 94110

public hourswednesday - friday12:00 - 5:00pm
admin hoursmonday - friday10:00am - 5:00pm




copyright © 2025 galería de la raza 



				welcome!			




sign up to stay in touch with galería de la raza and all of our upcoming programs!



name


first



last

email

recaptcha
 










if you just opted in, you’re consenting to receive marketing emails from: galería de la raza, 2779 folsom st., suite a, , san francisco, ca 94110. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact


			×			







sign up to stay in touch with galería de la raza and all of our upcoming programs!



name


first



last

email

recaptcha
 










if you just opted in, you’re consenting to receive marketing emails from: galería de la raza, 2779 folsom st., suite a, , san francisco, ca 94110. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact


			×			





































