




microwave pork rinds | welcome













cart




no. items:  


subtotal: $0.00



view cart



home
about
nutritional facts
faq
products
contact






search














products



pork rinds
dips and seasonings
pickles









thank you for your patience during our extended web site construction period. we're excited to finally have it completed. please continue to bear with us as we fine tune our site. also please feel free to provide any comments you may have to make our site better for you, our customer.


if you're looking for a healthy snack alternative you've come to the right place. our microwave pork rinds are fabulous ! since you pop them yourself they are always fresh, fast and right every time. order some today - you won't be disappointed.


our seasonings and dips are all hand blended for that "just right" taste. as always they are low-carb with no sugar added.


reno's pickles, relish's and chow-chow's all come from our own special family recipes. each one is unique in its own way and they're all delicious.


again, thanks for stopping by and for your patience. we hope you enjoy our products as much as we enjoy making them for you.

enjoy, 

erick & laura womack






upcoming shows 2024:an affair of the heart - okc, ok  -  oct 18-20hangar holiday - wichita falls, tx  -  nov 9-10an affair of the heart  -  tulsa, ok  -  nov 22-24
read more...




featured products




bbq pork rindsour most popular pork rind flavor. bring just a hint of smoky flavor to your snack and find the food that will soon be your new craving.




bltzthe favorite of all of our dipping flavors. taste the bltz difference and liven up the next game day with a new dipping experience.



sweet and spicy picklesthe most requested pickle of our brand. with a kick of spice evened with the perfect dose of sweet this pickle is sure to hit the spot.





rhp pickleour new pickle - special reserve rhp (really hot pickle)great dill flavor with an extreme amount of heat from a variety of peppers and seasonings.quickly becoming a fan favorite!










home
about
nutritional facts
faq
products
contact



tulsa web design by ambitious web 




