



kamat's potpourri: history, mystery & diversity of india
























			☰
		
















kamat's potpourri














								✖
							






what's new
f.a.q
about us
feedback





history
women
portraits
mythology





arts
music
culture
paintings





tags
sitemap
timeline
index a-z





pictures!
stamps
erotica
biographies





gandhi
tribals
temples
religions

















						hodge-podge of history, mystery, and diversity of india 
						(and lots of pictures)


recording of full program at youtube
 remembering kamat coupleanthoblogy -- dec 20, 2024 kumta town in the 1930samma's column -- feb 23, 2019 kharvis of coastal  karnatakaaperture photo blog -- feb 11, 2011 how liar subraya became guessing subrayastories from india    -- feb 12, 2010 kannada blog -- kamat kannada blog

if you have not read them, they are new to you!
what is kamat's potpourri?what this site is about, people behind it, frequently asked questions, what is new, old and next.anthoblogyoften updated blog covering  computing for recreation, tennis, india, and fantasy football.welcome to india!an introduction to the complexity and diversity of indian society and culture.islam in indiatopics on history and influence of islam in india. includes monuments, art, and personal anecdotes.ganesh burde centennialjyotsna kamat pays tribute to her father ganesh burde on the occasion of his birth centennial.what others are searchingfind out what others are searching for via our real-time  "nosy surfer" tool.memoirs of mysorejyotsna kamat recalls experiences as a central government employee trying to make peace with angry local activists in memoirs of mysoremultimedia mahatmamemorabilia, biography, excerpts from autobiography, photo archive and links; includes an interactive ask gandhi sectionkamat research databasekamat research database is a research database of historical photographs, full texts of biographies, books, and scholarly articles focusing their research on india.introduction to kamat.comkamat's 1997 introduction to kamat's potpourri website. it narrates the spirit and idea behind the website. we hope we have lived up to it!
newly added pictures

 the smile salute tribute to kamat couplea tribute was paid to the kamat couple in a function on january 4, 2025  

jyotsna speaking at a kamat memorial functionseated from l to r (shivanand kalave, g.v.hegde, h.v. krishnamurthy, kamala hemmige) 

 shyamala ratnakumariprofessor of history, bengaluru, 2007  

kannada writer su. ram. ekkundisubbanna r. ekkundi  

 portrait of gudigar devidas shettown of honavar, uttara kannada, 1983  

writer adya rangacharyaadya rangacharya, known as r.v. jagirdar and later popularly known by his pen name sriranga, was an indian kannada writer, actor and scholar. 

 waiting fishing boatsthe island of mallikurve in uttara kannada  

invitation of kannada sahitya sammelankamat presided over this literary function -- perhaps the only time he did! 

 kim in cubbon parkbengaluru, year 2007  

a function at kamat library 

 monolithic ganesh idol  

lord ganesh in indian art 

 idol of lord ganesh   

idols of elephant headed ganesh 

 ganapati festival  

annual welcome to lord ganeshganesh chaturthi festival 

 bal gangadhar tilakportrait in india ink by v.n. o'key  

front pose of lord ganeshganesh riding a rat 

 extreme yoga: ganda-bherundasana  

the newly weds -- halakki community 

more new contents
how the mourning turned into a c  - articleintroduction to kamat samsmarane function  - articlegurumukhi language   - articleindian weddings  - articlevedaratnam pillai  - biographyravindra kalakshetra  - articleindia during the 14th century  - indextown of hukkeri  - articlehori habba or celebration of bull festival  - articleguru angad dev  - articlethe helava community  - articlethe kasturi kannada monthly  - articlethe taranga weekly  - articlethe karmaveera weekly  - articlecalendar art  - indexbadaganadu brahmins  - articlethe reverend kittel award, 2001  - articleranking of sites in blog portal  - articlelist of related books  - index






shortcuts

agriculture
alamkara
amusements
 animals
ants
antiques
artifacts
begging
bengaluru
birds
blog portal
brahmins
british raj
buddhism
caste system
cinema
children
colors
dances
devotion
doors
doormen
education
elephants
faces
festivals
freedom struggle
gandhi
hinduism
hunting
india news
indira gandhi
insects
interviews
mahabharat
memorials
monuments
music
nehru
outsourcing
paintings
palaces
ramayan
religions
rivers
sacraments
street life
temples
tourism
weapons
weddings
widows
wildlife
windows
women
other 400 topics
26,000 pictures












kamat's potpourri  kamats potpourri











© 1996-2025 kamat's potpourri. all rights reserved. do not reproduce without prior permission. standard disclaimers applymerchandise and link suggestionskamat picturesearch -- browse through thousands of pictures of indiaexplore more: vikastop of page













