





  




cruzio internet: wireless, fiber, broadband, colo, offices



























































































































skip to main content





cruzio internet 

contact us
member tools
account center
webmail 
 

search site...





get connected!

 

menu
skip to content

main menuinternetcoworkingcoworkingimage
offices and 9-5 memberships 

office space coworking


move your business to the best-connected office space in santa cruz. fully furnished & fiber-connected.

from $849/mogo



9-5 memberships coworking


join the coworking revolution! workspace, meeting rooms and free 1gbps (1,000mbps) wifi, every day of the week.

from $199/mo go
 
workstations and meetings /events 

workstationscoworking


dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1gbps (1,000mbps) fiber internet.

from $399/mo go



day pass coworking


no commitment. work for the day, or several days, for one low price

from $25/day go

24/7 memberships

24/7 memberships coworking


come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership.

from $249/mo go



meetings & events


the perfect venue for classes, high-tech events, community gatherings, and showcases of local talent.

from $15/hour go
enterpriseenterpriseimage
colocation 
colocation data center

state-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in santa cruz. fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power.
from $449/mo
go

dedicated 

dedicatedbroadband

robust. dedicated. scalable. infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it.
up to 1+gbps from $499/mogo


all services

 
 
 
 







 








 real local folks. awesome local internet. enter your address to get started.








headlines


santa cruz sentinel
mercury news
cruzio blog
ny times
bbc world
santa cruz local
california local
slashdot

links


trump puts the spotlight anew on a major alaska gas project. will it make a difference?by becky bohrer, associated press juneau, alaska (ap) — since his election, president donald trump has repeate… trump’s labor department pick has union support. worker advocates wonder how much power she’d haveby cathy bussewitz new york (ap) — union leaders have described president donald trump’s nominee to lead the d… a world without salmonella? how raw sewage in florida developed a promising vaccinesalmonella can lurk anywhere, hiding in slightly undercooked chicken, within the raw eggs mixed into cookie do… karen read murder case: feds involved as judge shares ‘grave’ concernskaren read has taken her double-jeopardy challenge to toss the murder charge against her to federal court on t… joann store liquidation sales: what to knowliquidation sales began saturday, feb. 15, at the hundreds of joann fabric and craft stores that are scheduled… apple unveils a souped-up and more expensive version of its lowest priced iphoneby michael liedtke, ap technology writer apple has released a sleeker and more expensive version of its lowest… residents urged to stay inside after another fire burns at moss landing battery facilitymonterey county — a fire on tuesday night at a battery storage plant that went up in flames last month brought… trump calls zelenskyy a ‘dictator’ as tensions rise between the leaders over the russia-ukraine warby stephany matat and aamer madhani miami (ap) — president donald trump on wednesday called volodymyr zelensky… airbnb sues new orleans after it adopts sweeping regulations governing short-term rentalsby jack brook, associated press/report for america new orleans (ap) — airbnb is suing the city of new orleans… troubled electric vehicle maker nikola files for bankruptcy protectionby michelle chapman, ap business writer troubled electric vehicle maker nikola has filed for chapter 11 bankru…  


leader of cultlike zizians linked to 6 killings, including bay area landlord, ordered held without bail in marylandby lea skene, holly ramer and patrick whittle | associated press cumberland, md…. computer history museum in mountain view announces new ceothe computer history museum‘s search to succeed outgoing ceo dan’l lewin didn’t… new iphone 16e renews apple’s push into budget smartphone marketapple on wednesday announced a cheaper new version of the iphone 16 called the i… trump floats 25% auto, drug, chip tariffs, upping trade threatsby hadriana lowenkron and josh wingrove | bloomberg president donald trump said… 49ers on the edge: can they land a big-name pass rusher to pair with nick bosa?fans of the 49ers are on edge anticipating the arrival of a bookend pass rusher… high school baseball preview 2025: rankings, players to watch, morewhere we left off granada had one of the most magical runs by a bay area high sc… residents urged to stay inside after another fire burns at moss landing battery facilitymonterey county — a fire on tuesday night at a battery storage plant that went u… see: rare 1970s photos from the birth of modern skateboarding in east bayah, 1976 – the leap year that saw the u.s. bicentennial, the birth of apple comp… california city to celebrate library anniversary with a ‘maga’ plaquehuntington beach’s central library is turning 50 this year, and city leaders wil… long-empty san jose building attracts businesses to help activate areasan jose — a long-empty commercial building in downtown san jose is poised to en…  


first friday at cruzio featuring liminal space!liminal space art collective is a group of santa cruz artists building bridges a… faster internet coming to coastside san mateoearlier this year, the state of california awarded cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 first friday at cruzioworks!🎨first friday at cruzioworks! get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant evening… black-footed catsthis cat looks a little like cruzio internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… hidden fortress opens cafe at cruzioworksamelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food hidden fortres… cruzio got a grant. what that means for youcruzio’s independent network will be enhanced in the purple area — “from summits… cruzio rides the giant dipper (and more)at the end of june cruzio took a well-deserved break and visited the santa cruz… federal internet subsidies are gone — but we’re still helpingstudents benefit from good internet at a center in pajaro valley cruzio’s goal i… sclu takes the win at the memorial day surf contestthe santa cruz longboard union (sclu) takes the victory at the 38th annual memor… equal access in watsonville, camay is affordable housing month! tabasa gardens tabasa gardens housing complex o…  


trump administration moves to end new york’s congestion pricing tollspresident trump had raised concerns that the new tolling program, the first of i… zelensky and trump trade blows as feud escalates over peace talkspresident trump called volodymyr zelensky a “dictator” after the ukrainian presi… apple unveils lower-priced iphone 16e with a.i. featuresthe iphone 16e is the first update to the company’s most affordable model since… new poll shows americans’ approval for congress has soared, but probably not for longa major public poll indicates that americans’ approval for congress has soared,… israelis gird for release of bodies of captives from gazain contrast to the joyful scenes of living hostages returning home over the past… judge to scrutinize adams’s dealings with trump’s justice departmentat a hearing wednesday, judge dale e. ho is expected to examine the extraordinar… a frustrated trump wants his new air force one planes prontoamong the ways being discussed to force faster delivery of two presidential plan… migrants deported to panama by trump administration taken to jungle campthe group of unauthorized migrants, which includes children, were bused to the c… kremlin message to trump: there’s money to be made in russiarussian officials are arguing that american companies stand to make billions of… millions of dead people on social security? the agency’s own data says otherwise.the database includes millions of americans who are probably dead but who have n…  


south africa's finance minister fails to unveil budget after tax rowcoalition partners object to a hike in vat, forcing enoch godongwana to postpone… pope alert and joking in hospital, says italy's pm after visitthe 88-year-old pontiff was admitted to hospital on friday with a respiratory in… holocaust survivor marian turski dies aged 98mr turski survived the lodz ghetto, extermination camp auschwitz-birkenau and tw… mystery over upturned campervan in brittanypolice are trying found out how the vehicle ended up with its bonnet in a ditch… us must not interfere in tate's case, say alleged victimsreports say us officials asked romania to relax travel restrictions against andr… brazil prosecutor charges ex-president bolsonaro over alleged plotjair bolsonaro is accused of plotting a coup after he was defeated in the 2022 p… netherlands to return stolen benin bronzes to nigeriathe dutch minister of culture says he hopes this move will address the “historic… 'real life squid game': star's death exposes korea's celebrity cultureanalysts say they are not optimistic that the ruthless “cancel culture” surround… steve rosenberg: how putin and trump shook the worldit is a week that has upended alliances and put russia at the top table of globa… trump appears to blame ukraine for starting warthe us president dismisses concerns ukraine is not involved in peace talks and s…  


senior speed dating draws hearts in live oakparticipants saddle up to the third annual senior speed dating event at grey bea… watsonville council members discuss rail trail optionswatsonville city councilmember eduardo montesino said he wants better transporta… capitola council delays decision on park avenue rail trail optionsthe capitola city council on thursday night delayed a decision on rail trail opt… high wind, rain, surf, slides due for santa cruz countyrain and high wind return to santa cruz county this week. (stephen baxter — sant… rail trail, traffic calming projects on tap for watsonville city councilthe watsonville city council on feb. 11 will hear an update on the city’s neighb… santa cruz wildfire plan aims to coordinate evacuations, water delivery, resourcesthe santa cruz city council could advance a comprehensive wildfire plan at its m… ‘a game changer’: more santa cruz county residents call 24-hour mobile crisis teama mobile crisis response team offers 24-hour, non-police response to mental heal… ‘forever chemicals’ prompt water upgrades at santa cruz county lockupelevated chemical levels in the water at the rountree jail facility near watsonv… bird flu risks described by santa cruz county health officialssanta cruz county health officers said bird flu has not shown up in the county,… president’s order casts uncertainty on santa cruz county rail trail moneythe rail corridor runs by twin lakes state beach near el dorado avenue. (nik alt…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


microsoft reveals its first quantum computing chip, the majorana 1after two decades of quantum computing research, microsoft has unveiled its firs… all of humane's ai pins will stop working in 10 daysai hardware startup humane — which has been acquired by hp — has given its use… microsoft puts notepad's ai rewrite feature behind paywallmicrosoft has placed its new ai-powered text rewrite feature in notepad behind a… apple says uk regulator's remedy options on mobile browsers will hit innovationapple has told britain’s competition regulator that some of the remedy options p… google builds ai 'co-scientist' tool to speed up researchgoogle has built an ai laboratory assistant to help scientists accelerate biomed… ai can write code but lacks engineer's instinct, openai study findsleading ai models can fix broken code, but they’re nowhere near ready to replace… 'pokemon go' maker nears $3.5 billion deal to sell games unitan anonymous reader quotes a report from bloomberg: niantic, the company behind… microsoft reminds admins to prepare for wsus driver sync deprecationmicrosoft is reminding it administrators that wsus driver synchronization will b… in a last-minute decision, white house decides not to terminate nasa employeeslate tuesday afternoon, the white house confirmed that it would not proceed with… 3d map of exoplanet atmosphere shows wacky climatean anonymous reader quotes a report from ars technica: astronomers have detected…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


local

bratton online
city on a hill press
firedispatch.com
firescan.net
good times
hilltromper
monterey herald
press banner
register-pajaronian
salinas californian 
santa cruz comic news
santa cruz indy media
santa cruz patch
santa cruz police department blog
santa cruz sentinel
santa cruz waves
santa cruz weekly



world

abc news
alternet
arts & letters daily
bbc news
broadband reports
common dreams
cnet
cnn
democracy now
digg
espn
fox news
la times 
london times
mercury news
nbc news
needful news
new york times
npr
scitech daily 
sf chronicle 
slashdot
the independent
the onion
the register 
urban legends
usa today 
washington post 
wired
yahoo news






more news...
less news...
back to top of news sources


 




weather

santa cruz weather
half moon bay weather




traffic
click or tap map for live traffic info
more…





surf

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for steamer lane-the point at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for cowells cove at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for 41st ave (the hook - shark cove) at surf-forecast.com. 
more...




about cruzio
cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around santa cruz county and parts of the bay area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. our beautiful headquarters in downtown santa cruz serve as an ixp and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses.
more…








 
 

 




servicesinternet

broadband labels
equal access internet


enterprise

colocation
dedicated internet access


coworking

office space
workstations
24/7 memberships
9-5 memberships
day pass
meetings & events


 
 


terms of usemaster services agreement
acceptable use policy
privacy policy
internet principles
access agreement
transparency document
member toolscruzio mail
account center
support center
fusion phone tools
speed test
domain tools
network status
cruzioworks
book a meeting room
 
 


about cruzionewsletter signup
newsletter archive
blog
testimonials
join the cruzio team
santa cruz guidecruzio merch
weather
surf
traffic
wifi hotspots
computer/web consultants
 
 



contact us

877 cedar st #150santa cruz, ca 95060
 (831) 459-6301
 email us 












 
 
cruzio serves aptos, aromas, ben lomond, bonny doon, boulder creek, brookdale, capitola, corralitos, davenport, felton, freedom, la selva beach, lompico, pajaro, rio del mar, santa cruz, scotts valley, seacliff, soquel, watsonville, & zayante.
 
 
 


cruzio internet 831-459-6301




cruzio internet














homeinternetcoworking

office spaceworkstationsday pass24/7 membershipsmeetings & events9-5 memberships back
enterprise

colocationdedicated internet access back
member tools

cruzio mailaccount centersupport centerspeed testdomain toolsnetwork statuscruzioworksbook a meeting room back
all servicescontact

				× close panel			






























