




university of hawaii at hilo






 




















star-a uh mānoa innovation
university of hawaiʻi lamakū
university of hawaiʻi laulima





skip to content











connecting learning, life and aloha‘o ka ‘imi na‘auao, ke ola a me ke aloha kā kākou e huliāmahi ai


admissions

uh hilo now

myuh

vulcan athletics




prospective students 
current students 
faculty & staff 
alumni 
community 
 search 




kūlia i ka nuʻu.strive to reach the highest.


what do we offer?
current classes
degrees
financial aid
housing
tuition


what is it like at uh hilo?
uh hilo at a glance
student recreation
virtual events
visit campus




pūpūkahi i holomua.unite to move forward.


student support
advising
current student resources
disability services
division of student affairs
financial aid
fye first year experience
housing
library
registrar
student employment
student recreation
study abroad


student services
 current classes
 lamakū
 laulima
 star
uh email




ʻike aku, ʻike mai, kōkua aku, kōkua mai; pēlā ihola ka nohona ʻohana.acknowledge and be acknowledged, help and be helped; this is the way.


faculty and staff
chancellor’s blog
faculty & staff resources
help desk
human resources
keaohou - research & scholarly activities
phone directory
covid-19 information


faculty links
 current classes
 lamakū
 laulima
 star
registrar forms
mookini library
academic calendar




e lawe i ke aʻo a mālama, a e ʻoi mau ka naʻauao.take what you have learned and apply it, and your knowledge will grow.


alumni
 star
give a gift
uh email
uh hilo stories
uh hilo student crisis fund
vulcan v.i.b.e.




hoʻomoe wai kāhi ke kāoʻo.forward together in unity.


community resources
center for community engagement
internships
make a gift
performing arts center
uh cooperative education
uh online




ʻaʻohe hana nui ke alu ʻia.no task is too great when working together.


website searches


search the uh hilo website:


website search



search the phone directory:


phone search



search the hawaiian dictionaries:


dictionary search





additional resources
a to z index
campus maps










university of hawaiʻi at hilo

apply now











apply now

your journey is our focus.
an educational experience rooted in place, culture and diversity, inspired by you…

1010 of the 14 world climate zones exist on the island of hawai‘i#1one of the most diverse national universities according to u.s. news & world report85+academic degrees and certificates rooted in hawaiian language and culture 


areas of study


koleke mahiʻai, kālaiululāʻau, a hoʻokele kumuwaiwai kūlohelohecollege of agriculture, forestry and natural resource managementthe purpose of the college of agriculture, forestry, and natural resource management (cafnrm) is to provide quality education to assist individuals in acquiring the scientific knowledge, attitudes, and practical skills needed to practice environmentally sound, sustainable agriculture and to be productive and responsible global citizens.koleke pāheona a ʻepekemacollege of arts and sciencesthe purpose of the college of arts and sciences (cas) is to provide quality education in the liberal arts and sciences, as well as a select group of high quality professional and pre-professional programs.koleke pāʻoihana a kālaihoʻokele waiwaicollege of business and economicsthe college of business and economics (cobe) prepares students for leadership in organizations serving hawaiʻi and the asia/pacific region.koleke ʻepekema kūlohelohe a olakinocollege of natural and health sciencesthe college of natural and health sciences (cnhs) provides rigorous, practical and high-quality education, preparing you to pursue careers or graduate work.koleke kāwili lāʻau o daniel k. inouyedaniel k. inouye college of pharmacythe daniel k. inouye college of pharmacy (dkicp) is a four-year educational and experiential program through which students pursue the doctor of pharmacy (pharm.d.) degree.ka haka ʻula o keʻelikōlani college of hawaiian languageka haka ʻula o keʻelikōlani college of hawaiian language assures the revitalization and continued advancement and growth of the hawaiian language and mauli ola hawaiʻi. 


important dates


 academic deadlines

 
view academic calendars


 events/announcements

 
view more events/announcements


 vulcan games

 
view the vulcan schedules




uh hilo stories

loading uh hilo stories…




vulcan v.i.b.e. stories from our uh hilo ʻohana


vulcan v.i.b.e.


vulcan v.i.b.e. alumni


vulcan v.i.b.e. faculty


vulcan v.i.b.e. students


vulcan v.i.b.e. staff




more about us

uh hilo leadership
vision and mission

emergency preparedness
consumer information and disclosures
covid-19 information


request more info

























200 w. kāwili st., hilo, hawaiʻi 96720-4091tel: +1 (808) 932-7900



resources

campus life
maps
title ix
uh hilo now
website privacy & policies



connect


uh hilo social media stream
uh hilo on facebook
uh hilo on instagram
uh hilo on x/twitter
uh hilo on youtube

apply
give a gift
request info
visit campus











© 2025 university of hawaiʻi at hilo, an equal opportunity institution and a campus of the university of hawaiʻi system.

english, request for assistance with free interpretation services,
    ʻōlelo hawaiʻi, he noi i ke kōkua ma ka ʻoihana unuhi he manuahi,
    gagana samoa, talosaga mo fesoasoani tau fa'amatala'upu maua fua,
    lea faka-tonga - tongan, 'oku ‘i ai ho’o totonu ki ha fakatonulea ta’etotongi kia koe, tukukehe ‘a e ngaahi polokalama pe ngaahi ‘ēlia ‘oku fiema’u ‘a e poto he lea faka-pilitānia ke kau ki aί kātaki 'o click heni.,
    kapasen chuuk, tungor ren aninisin chiakku esapw kamo,
    tiếng việt, yêu cầu dịch vụ hỗ trợ phiên dịch miễn phí,
    ภาษาไทย, ขอรับบริการล่ามแปลภาษาฟรี,
    ilokano, dumawat ti tulong para iti libre a panagpaay iti panaglawlawag,
    tagalog, paghiling ng tulong ng libreng interpreter,
    cebuano, paghangyo og tabang alang sa libreng serbisyo sa interpreter,
    kajin majôl, kajjitõk jipañ im en wõr riukok ejjeļọk oṇãn,
    简体中文, 申请免费口译服务,
    繁體中文, 請求免費解釋服務協助,
    日本語, 無料通訳サービスに関するお問い合わせ,
    한국어, 무료 통역 서비스 지원 요청,
    español, servicio gratuito de interpretación



 top

















