



humor gazette: sharp satire on politics, pop culture, media, sex & technology


























american redneck savant endorses stephen colbert's americone dream ice cream


in other news exclusives
 
your holiday horoscope
welcome to the humor gazette
questions about firearms? ask professor gunn
independence day: what would founding fathers say?
ode to portsmouth: paradise by the piscataqua







search this blog:







handy sites
(main links section at bottom)
about.com (political humor)

alexa
alternet
borowitz 
                    report
blogtalkradio
buzzflash

bartcop
fark
daily fortnight
dictionary.com
glossy news
google
huffington post
humorfeed
humor times
iron e-news
media matters
new 
                    york times
thepoliticalcarnival
political irony
poynter
word.com

rss feed

archives





december 18, 2013


















            
                      9:56 pm | permalink





click here to see the large-print version!
            
                      9:46 pm | permalink


december  1, 2013

welcome 
                      to the humor gazette
hi, welcome to the humor gazette. i'm john breneman, lifelong 
                      journalist and humorist -- four-time winner of the coveted 
                      photoshop yourself onto a wheaties box award.
i've posted hundreds of humor items here since my friend 
                      jeff helped me launch the site in 2003. recently, i've been 
                      snooping through my archive of newspaper stories, and have 
                      decided to post some of my favorites.
i was not scheduled to be in the newsroom on sept. 
                      11, 2001, but when i got there i was asked to write 
                      this 
                      essay to lead the next day’s front page. 

i was honored to meet miss 
                      ruth jones, a proud descendant of the legendary 
                      abolitionist frederick douglass, at her home in cambridge, 
                      mass., on her 100th birthday.

one of the highlights of my five years editing the cambridge 
                      (mass.) chronicle was our 150th 
                      anniversary edition of the chronicle (honored as 
                      the year’s best special section by nepa). i welcomed 
                      readers to the magazine with these 
                      words.

i’ve been reporting on new 
                      hampshire’s famed presidential primary since 
                      1988. here’s my take on al 
                      gore’s visit to portsmouth during the 2000 campaign.

bill 
                      walsh was an extremely controversial cambridge city 
                      councilor who disappeared after being indicted on bank fraud 
                      charges. i got him on the phone just before deadline for 
                       this 
                      interview.

my community was already reeling from an air 
                      force base closure when the news came that loring 
                      afb in northernmost maine would also be shuttered. 
                      so i took off on a 24-hour road trip that produced this 
                      reporting.

facing re-election, then-gov. bill 
                      weld had this unexpected 
                      encounter with possible challenger rep. joe 
                      kennedy. 

ozzie 
                      sweet, photographic legend, is one of my favorite 
                      people of all-time.
            
                      8:54 am | permalink


july 30, 2013

questions about firearms? ask professor 
                      gunn
editor's 
                      note: this column (published sunday in the portsmouth, n.h., 
                      herald and online) has provoked strong negative reaction, 
                      much of it from readers calling me a "racist," 
                      "moron" and "asshole." (also, my favorite, 
                      "an angry, unhappy little man" with obvious "daddy 
                      problems")
due to some recent confusion about when it is ok to shoot 
                      someone, today we check in with noted firearms advice columnist 
                      professor gunn, who generously agreed to answer a few questions 
                      from readers.
dear professor gunn,
for a good while now i've been itching to shoot a fellow 
                      human being, but i'm a little worried that our judicial 
                      system might send me to jail. what should i do?
— george z., main street
continue reading "questions about firearms? ask professor gunn" »
            
                      9:21 am | permalink


july  1, 2013

independence day: what would founding fathers 
                      say?
by 
                      john breneman
the fourth of july isn't till thursday, but there sure 
                      were some fireworks this week illuminating vital american 
                      issues of immigration, the right to vote and the ability 
                      to pursue happiness by marrying the person you love.
the supreme court fires a rocket into the voting rights 
                      act. ooh! then sparks celebrations, and tantrums, with its 
                      vote on gay marriage. aah! the senate blazes forward on 
                      immigration reform, igniting opponents in our horribly dysfunctional 
                      house. ooh! aah!
i'm hoping these political pyrotechnics provide a high-voltage 
                      jolt to a democracy badly in need of one — as well 
                      as to we the citizens who supposedly run the show.
we are a people suffering a blinding hangover from out-of-control 
                      parties — and i don't mean the fun kind.
continue reading "independence day: what would founding fathers say?" »
            
                     12:49 pm | permalink


june 23, 2013

ode to portsmouth: paradise by the piscataqua
by 
                      john breneman
portsmouth — seriously, chicago tribune travel writer 
                      josh noel? 
portsmouth is that perfect? "so ideal that i ache, 
                      i envy and i curse my childhood for not including your idyllic 
                      splendor?"
in case you haven't heard, "perfect" portsmouth 
                      got a poetic pat on the posterior last week from a windy 
                      city travel columnist who blew in for a quick visit and 
                      discovered a charming, brick-lined paradise where the only 
                      litter is dollar bills and homeless people dine on free 
                      lobster.
the breathless opening of his 
                      port city paean — mimicked, then quoted above 
                      — has inspired considerable fresh-roasted coffee talk 
                      about whether his overly effusive tone and whimsical sentimentality 
                      included at least a modicum of gentle mockery.
continue reading "ode to portsmouth: paradise by the piscataqua" »
            
                     12:37 pm | permalink


june 16, 2013

father's advice to son was 'write stuff'
by 
                      john breneman
what's that, chum? father's day kind of snuck 
                      up on you again. well, no need to panic. heartfelt gifts 
                      for dad can be found just about anywhere — from walmart 
                      to the corner pump 'n' pay. these last-second surprises 
                      are sure to let dad know exactly how much you care:
continue reading "father's advice to son was 'write stuff'" »
            
                      1:01 pm | permalink


june  3, 2013

local warming comes with a warning: sun may 
                      cause fun
ah, 
                      summer ...
yes, the official start of summer is a little ways off. 
                      but we all know that when the calendar hits june, summer 
                      can strike at any moment.
and i think the heat may already be getting to me because 
                      i'm supposed to be writing something on deadline, but i 
                      can't seem to stop gazing out the window.
the sun is shining. birds and bees are chirping and buzzing. 
                      and we're all wearing, on average, 1.7 pounds less clothing 
                      than this time last week.
for the human species, summer signals a return to those 
                      warm-weather passions like going to the beach, bobbing around 
                      on boats and grilling up heaps of juicy, charred animal 
                      flesh.
yes, hail to the sun. o, benevolent provider of vitamin 
                      d. it nourishes and sustains all life, and just basking 
                      in its rays can make you feel sky high.
but, beware, because this evil yellow blob of hydrogen 
                      and helium can also put you in the ground.
continue reading "local warming comes with a warning: sun may cause fun" »
            
                      9:24 am | permalink


may 26, 2013

happy birthday to url: world wide web turns 
                      20
bust 
                      out the e-candles and virtual cake ...; the internet has 
                      turned 20.
created either by brilliant scientists 
                      or by god himself, depending on your political beliefs, 
                      the internet has given us countless spectacular advances 
                      in the way we live — and avoid living — our lives.
don't worry about buying a gift. because, really, what 
                      do you get for the all-pervasive global system of interconnected 
                      computer networks that has, literally, everything?
back then it was known as the world wide web or the information 
                      superhighway. (remember?)
i began writing about the internet back when it was just 
                      a toddler. and i have to admit i was highly skeptical and 
                      a smidge cynical about this new sci-fi reality called cyberspace.
"some say cyberspace is humanity's next great frontier. 
                      others say it's south berwick," said me, back in 1998.
continue reading "happy birthday to url: world wide web turns                        20" »
            
                      9:14 am | permalink


may 21, 2013

bicycle commute right in my wheelhouse
by john breneman
finally rode my bike to work on thursday — just a 
                      man and his trusty iron steed.
we're a couple of old-timers, he and i. combined age: 84. 
                      he's about 33, so that makes me what, 29ish? and though 
                      i am pretty sure we weren't the oldest man-cycle combo to 
                      saddle up for bike to work week, my vintage peugeot mountain 
                      bike could've been a contender for creakiest contraption 
                      on the mean streets of portsmouth and newington that day.
at 
                      least the creaks, rasps and groans emanating mostly from 
                      the crank case drowned out the softer sound of my own knees 
                      grinding (though fortunately not yet "bone on bone" 
                      as my mom is quick to inquire).
ever since i ditched my boston commute to join what is 
                      pound-for-pound one of the finest media organizations in 
                      the entire fourth estate, i've been periodically flapping 
                      my gums about riding my bike to work ... one of these days.
continue reading "bicycle commute right in my wheelhouse" »
            
                      3:59 pm | permalink


may 12, 2013


the mother of all mother's days
by john breneman

hey, it's mother's day. and, like any grown son, i am determined 
                      to do whatever it takes to let my mom know how much she 
                      means to me. 
after all, over the last half-century, she has put up with 
                      a lot from her first-born — pranks, wisecracks, tantrums 
                      on topics ranging from lima beans (but i hate them) to high-top 
                      sneakers (pleeeaase) — as she gracefully guided my 
                      metamorphosis from cranky baby to cranky man. (look how 
                      beautiful she is in the photo above, posing with yours truly 
                      sporting my favorite sunday bonnet.)
but enough talk. let's get to it.
continue reading "the mother of all mother's days" »
            
                     10:03 pm | permalink


may  8, 2013

kim kardashian does not endorse miracle sex pill



            
                      9:12 am | permalink














about                email






