








what is enterprise content management (ecm)? | ibm



































































                        



  
    what is enterprise content management (ecm)?






    


                    


























                                    cloud
                                















                link copied
            








































        what is ecm?
    



enterprise content management (ecm) is a set of capabilities for capturing, storing, activating, analyzing and automating business content, used to provide new value from data that was previously unstructured and unavailable.


with enterprise content management, an organization can take full advantage of the customer information and company knowledge embedded in its content. when effectively managed across the organization, this content can be used to engage customers, automate business processes and enhance collaboration.


why enterprise content management is important to your business


content is the currency that fuels and funds digital transformation. content possesses useful information about customers—their behaviors, sentiments and value to the organization—but only if you can harness it. collectively, content buried in repositories, file shares and cloud folders across the enterprise represents the knowledge of the organization.
as content grows at unprecedented speeds, organizations are taking concrete steps to streamline their processes relating to content services. “content chaos”—the lack of digitized content and the inability to access the right content at the right time—is a pervasive barrier to businesses today. 
now, more than ever, ecm software is an essential element on the journey to becoming a digital business.



























                keep your head in the cloud  
            

                get the weekly think newsletter for expert guidance on optimizing multicloud settings in the ai era.

            



subscribe today




















        how to get started with enterprise content management
    



organizations that are serious about digital transformation can start with the basics. first, capture the content, classify it and apply governance rules. then, control who can access it and provide tools to find it. finally, put the content in motion for business processes and collaboration.



























































        



  
    identify the role content plays in your business






    


    


successful adoption of ecm begins with an assessment of the enterprise. where are paper documents slowing down results? where is business content located in the enterprise? is it in file shares, cloud repositories or an ecm system? and what is your strategy for governance, compliance and document retention?






























































        



  
    select an initial project






    


    


ecm solutions are scalable and often start with a department or line-of-business application. once all stakeholders are engaged and have provided input, develop a vision and measurable goals for a management solution. then, after thorough testing and user training, deploy the solution. often, the success of the solution spreads to other departments, which will lobby to be the next ecm project.






























































        



  
    extend ecm across the enterprise






    


    


ecm is best deployed as an enterprise solution. once the first project has been completed, many elements and procedures can be reused, making subsequent projects less expensive and faster to deploy. many businesses develop a shared-services strategy to maximize their investment in people, content and technology.
















  
  
      ai academy
  




    













            



  
    become an ai expert






    


        


gain the knowledge to prioritize ai investments that drive business growth. get started with our free ai academy today and lead the future of ai in your organization.




watch the series































            ebook
        

            select the ideal ai foundation model for your business
        
gain insights on how to make the best decisions when selecting an ai foundation model. learn how to balance performance, cost and deployment needs while ensuring your model is tailored to your specific use case. read our guide to discover how the right ai foundation model can significantly impact your business outcomes.

read the ebook



































            



  
    resources






    


        















            report
        

            omdia universe report on content services
        
learn which content services provider is the right fit for your company with this report from omdia universe.

read the report







            product
        

            streamline your business with ibm content services
        
unlock the power of content with ibm content services for efficient governance, storage and analysis. simplify content management across your organization and accelerate your digital transformation journey.

explore cloud pak







            product
        

            optimize content management with ibm filenet content manager
        
transform the way your business handles content with ibm filenet content manager. enhance collaboration, accelerate processes and deliver exceptional customer experiences with a scalable and secure content management platform.

explore ibm filenet







            product
        

            secure and simplify records management with ibm enterprise records
        
effortlessly manage both electronic and physical records while ensuring regulatory compliance with ibm enterprise records. streamline records processes, automate retention policies, and maintain data security to reduce errors and enhance organizational efficiency.

explore ibm enterprise records







            service
        

            hybrid cloud and generative ai
        
discover how hybrid cloud and ai solutions are reshaping business strategies. learn from industry experts, explore strategic partnerships, and dive into case studies that demonstrate how to drive innovation and optimize operations with scalable, future-ready technologies.

explore the service


























            
            

     
    related solutions




    


        


























































        



  
    ibm cloud pak for business automation






    


    



simplify content capture, storage and compliance with ibm cloud pak for business automation, enabling seamless workflows and optimized document management.



explore ibm cloud pak for business automation
            
        



























































        



  
    ibm content manager






    


    



redefine enterprise content management with ibm content manager, a robust and flexible solution.



explore content manager
            
        


























































        



  
    ibm ecm system monitor






    


    



ibm ecm system monitor is a proactive health monitoring solution to manage your ba applications.



explore ecm system monitor
            
        




















take the next step




deliver superior customer experiences by accelerating content management and governance processes.





explore ecm solutions



start your 30-day trial





























































