



	new & used car buying service | costco auto program















    this site is operated by a third party, not by costco. use of this site (and any destination sites you reach through this site) is subject to the site's 
    terms of use and 
    privacy policy,  rather than those of costco. 


skip to main content

















×
sign up for specials


at costco auto program, great value goes beyond prearranged pricing. sign up to receive updates on limited-time specials and manufacturer incentives plus other available offers.
to subscribe, enter your e-mail below.


zip code



e-mail



verify e-mail




sign up now



















sign up for specials


how it works


visit costco.com


about us




zip

update






questions? call us! 1-800-755-2519

















new


pre-owned


specials & incentives


parts & service


locate approved dealer
                        

new vehicles
pre-owned vehicles
parts & service




 view all
                        

new vehicles
pre-owned vehicles
specials & incentives
parts & service



questions? call us! 1-800-755-2519


talk to us











×

zip code





zip code


get started















buy a car with confidence. 
discover the ease and convenience of using costco auto program. get started on the purchase or lease of a new vehicle or learn more about buying a used car, truck or suv.








new





enter your zip code to get started.




enter your zip



enter your zip

year



enter your zip

make



model

model (optional)



get started















cadillac limited‑time special

ends feb. 28, 2025




$1,000
member‑only incentive


                        on select, new cadillac models†



                    register now
                

†registration required. must be a current costco member by january 2, 2025. other restrictions apply.
                













cadillac limited‑time special

ends feb. 28, 2025




$1,000
member‑only incentive


                        on select, new cadillac models†



                    register now
                

†registration required. must be a current costco member by january 2, 2025. other restrictions apply.
                










easy auto savings








parts & service discount
get 15% off* parts, service and accessories from participating service centers.
save 15% ›










specials & incentives
receive even greater savings by combining, prearranged pricing with manufacturer rebates and incentives, limited-time sales events, automotive discounts and more.
view specials ›










what is costco auto program?
our mission is to simplify the car-buying experience for costco members. how can we help you save?
learn more ›








benefits of costco auto program
save more – stress less when you purchase or lease your next vehicle through costco auto program.






high dealer standards







simple buying process







great pricing







full support









high dealer standards







simple buying process







great pricing







full support













more ways to shop for a car
search by type













                                        
                                        suv
                                    














                                        truck
                                    














                                        sedan/hatchback
                                    














                                        van
                                    














                                        sports car
                                    














                                        wagon
                                    














                                        coupe/convertible
                                    














                                        hybrid/electric
                                    














                                        luxury
                                    












what members are saying



“10 out of 10, great experience.”
– amul g., scotts valley, ca









“i for sure would recommend. once again, costco is the best thing ever.”
– rami h., sandy, ut









“best car-buying experience by far.”
– kelly m., arvada, co

















testimonials featured are provided by real costco members. individual experience may vary.





car-buying research tools








manufacturer incentives
stack your savings by combining our prearranged pricing with rebates and incentives.
view incentives ›










compare vehicles
compare cars side by side. choose up to three, and get a comprehensive overview of specs, features and advantages.
compare now ›










safety information
evaluate the safety rating of a vehicle, including options, crash test ratings and more.
find safety ratings ›










automotive buyer's guide
get a head start on your vehicle search with our buyer's guide – offering you a breakdown of the buying process, tips and more.
buyer's guide ›










finance calculator
three-in-one calculator: use our vehicle calculator to find an affordable price or estimate the cost of a rebate versus a low interest rate.
calculate payment ›










leasing vs buying
make sense of your buying options. learn the difference between leasing and buying before you purchase your next vehicle.
leasing vs. buying ›










automotive articles
our car-buying experts will prepare you for your purchase with relevant and thoughtful advice.
view all articles














car upgrades to improve your drive
get the most out of your next vehicle with these popular upgrades.

read more...










automotive technology & the future of driving
it’s not rocket science, or is it? the latest automotive technology might seem a little out-of-this-world.

read more...










five signs it’s time for a new car
here are five signs that it may be time to replace your old or worn-out vehicle.

read more...










does costco sell cars?
discover how buying or leasing a car through costco auto program is a simple, straightforward process from start to finish.

read more...






























contact us
                            
1-800-755-2519
                            











talk to us
                            
get started
                            











join our newsletter
                            
sign up now
                            






mon-fri. 6am - 7pm pt | sat & sun 7am - 5pm pt














quick links

change your zip code 
faqs 
glossary of terms
privacy policy
interest-based ads
dealer sign-up
sitemap
tire center 


cookie settings


 your privacy choices



follow us
























about us
costco auto program has provided prearranged pricing and a stress-free car-buying experience to costco members for more than 35 years. we’ve developed a proven formula to maximize value, streamline the process and remove the hassle normally associated with buying a car. when you choose costco auto program, you can shop with confidence knowing you’ll receive great value and exceptional member service.





costco and its affiliates do not sell automobiles or negotiate individual transactions. all vehicles arranged for sale are subject to availability and a price prearranged with the participating franchised dealer. a participation fee has been paid by the dealers participating in costco auto program. certain vehicles may be excluded from the program. actual savings may vary based on vehicle purchased, dealer and location. all information and vehicle data available on this website has been provided by reputable third parties. costco auto program, costco wholesale, affinity development group and its subsidiaries make no implied guarantees or warranties to this data.
*15% discount only applies to work done at participating service centers, not costco tire centers. it cannot be used toward the purchase of air bags, oil changes, tires, state-mandated vehicle inspections or be combined with other promotions or incentives. not applicable to 1) prior services, parts or work; 2) items covered by a vehicle’s warranty or insurance policy; 3) or at the time of vehicle purchase or lease. not all costco auto program dealerships currently participate in this benefit. maximum savings: $500. costco member must pay sales tax, and tax is charged on the purchase amount prior to discount where required.













copyright © 2010 – 2025 affinity development group, inc., all rights reserved. 
costco is a trademark of costco wholesale corporation














×
privacy policy




view printable version


our privacy commitment:
thank you for visiting costco auto program and for reviewing our privacy policy. we want to ensure that you are well informed of the measures we have in place to protect any collected personal information. your trust is a top priority and is embedded in everything we do. costco auto program is committed to data privacy, data security and transparency in our data practices and processes.  

costco auto program’s commitment to privacy
updated as of: january 1, 2023
costco auto program is operated by affinity auto programs, inc. (“cap”, “we”, “us” or “our”). cap is an independent company, not an affiliate of costco wholesale corporation (“costco”). cap respects your right to privacy and your ability to make informed choices about the information we collect and use about you. this privacy policy (“privacy policy”), which is separate from costco’s privacy policy, describes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information about you as part of costco auto program and our technology platforms, including, without limitation, our website, mobile application, call center, text and chat communications, customer surveys, interactive features and social media pages (collectively, the “cap site”). this privacy policy applies to information collected from the cap site and offline unless different terms are specified in an online or other form or contract we provide you.
additionally, please note that section 1 of this privacy policy, which describes our collection and use of information through the cap site, also serves as our notice at collection for california residents for purposes of the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”).
this privacy policy has been designed to be reasonably accessible to people with disabilities. if you experience any difficulties accessing the information in the privacy policy, please contact us at privacyrequests@costcoauto.com.

notice at collection; collection and use of information
sources of information
disclosures of information to other entities
your privacy rights

your u.s. state privacy rights
promotional communications and newsletters
tracking technologies


how we communicate with you
security of information
other sites
international transfers
changes and policy updates
minor children
contact us


1. notice at collection; collection and use of information
we collect two types of information: personal information and other information.
personal information is any information:

that identifies or can be used to identify you
that relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked (directly or indirectly) with you;
that can be used to authenticate you;
that can be used to provide access to an account through the cap dealer portal if you are an employee, owner, director, officer, or manager of a participating costco auto program dealer. 

the table and language below summarize the categories of personal information we have collected over at least the last 12 months, the purposes for collection and use of that personal information, and how long we keep each category of personal information.
we do not “sell” your information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood.  nonetheless, “sale” under the ccpa interpreted does include the activities set out in this privacy policy.  to comply with the applicable law of the definition of such activity we have included the following statements. we sell, and share for targeted advertising, the following categories of personal information: commercial information, device, internet, and network activity information, general location data, and inferences. under certain u.s. state privacy laws, you may be able to request that we not sell or share for targeted advertising, personal information about you for targeted advertising. if you would like to opt-out of the sale and sharing of these categories of personal information, please click your privacy choices 


  categories of personal information we collect 
 our business or commercial purposes for the collection and use of your personal information  



personal identifiers, such as your name, email address, telephone number, home address, and costco membership number.


we use this information:

with your vehicle request and zip code to locate a participating dealership in your area;
to respond to your questions and requests;
to provide you with access to certain areas and features of the cap site;
to verify your identity and your inquiries (for example, we use your costco membership number to verify your membership with costco and to determine the costco cash card amount you may be entitled to through a promotion);
to tailor content, advertisement, and incentives we provide you; and
to provide you with market updates and other promotional information (as described below).





commercial information, such as the vehicle makes and models you search for, vehicle makes and models purchased, and whether you search for new or used vehicles.


we use this information:

using your vehicle request and zip code to locate a participating dealership in your area for the specific make and model requested;
to respond to your questions and requests;
to tailor content, advertisements and incentives we provide you;
to provide you with market updates and other promotional information; and
to improve the cap site and for internal business purposes.





device, internet, and network activity information, such as imprecise geolocation data derived from a zip code or ip address, browser type, device type, operating system, application version, the pages served to you, previous page views, the site from which you linked, the time and date of your visit to the cap site, your use of features on the cap site and your inquiries, ip address, cookie id, and mobile ad id. 


we use this information:

to respond to your questions and requests;
to provide you with access to certain areas and features of the cap site;
to tailor content, advertisements and incentives we provide you;
to provide you with market updates and other promotional information;
to improve the cap site and for internal business purposes; and
to administer the cap site.





inferences drawn from the information identified above to create a profile reflecting your preferences.


we use this information:

to tailor content, advertisements and incentives we provide you;
to provide you with market updates and other promotional information;
to improve the cap site and for internal business purposes; and
as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.




additional uses. we may also use all of the personal information noted above:

if we determine a policy violation has occurred, to enforce our rights, or to enforce agreements;
if we believe such processing is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action regarding the rights and property of ours or our affiliates;
to enforce our rights or to protect against unauthorized access to our systems or other inappropriate use of our services, products, or other services;
to comply with laws, regulations, court orders and subpoenas or similar requests for information by authorities;
to protect our safety, your safety and the safety of others;
to perform audits;
to contact you about the cap site or policy updates;
for research and analytics, including to identify usage trends and to improve and update our products and services; 
as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent; and
to assist us in fraud prevention or investigation, all on the basis of our legitimate interest in the continuation of our commercial activities and the protections of our rights.

vehicle purchase and lease agreement. with your consent, we may collect and use your vehicle purchase or lease agreement in order to conduct price verification and program compliance audits with our dealerships and vehicle manufacturers, customer support, and the additional uses noted above. 
de-identified information. to the extent we possess de-identified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information, except that we may attempt to reidentify the information to confirm the information is truly de-identified. 
retention. we will retain your personal information for as long as is needed to carry out the purposes we’ve described, or as otherwise required by law. the criteria used to determine the applicable retention period for your personal information includes the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you as applicant or consumer and whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject that requires us to retain your personal information.

2. sources of information 
we collect or receive information from the following sources:

participating dealerships and vehicle manufacturers: we collect and store personal identifiers,  vehicle purchase or lease agreement, and commercial information from participating dealerships and/or vehicle manufacturers in order to conduct price verification and program compliance audits with our dealerships and vehicle manufacturers, customer support, and the additional uses noted above.
directly from you: we collect and store the personal information that you provide us, such as when you request to be referred to a participating cap dealer to receive member pricing on a desired vehicle or to receive a discount coupon or voucher for parts and service; provide other information, such as information about your vehicle preferences (e.g., vehicle make, model and/or your desired vehicle options); register at the cap site for an oem promotion or opt-in to receive text messages, emails or other incentives or communications; contact us for any reason (such as when you speak with a cap customer service representative); or provide feedback by participating in a member survey.
automatically from your devices: we use cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies to automatically collect information when you visit the cap site or interact with our ads and other online content. cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your device’s web browser. pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “web beacons” or “clear gifs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your device.
from other sources: we may receive information about you from other sources and may combine that information with the other information we collect or receive about you. for example, you may choose to participate in another party’s application or social media site through which you allow us to collect (or the other party to share) information about you, including personal information. we may also receive information from partners and service providers, including partners and service providers that provide us information that is publicly or commercially available. we may match the information we collect about you through the cap site with information collected from other parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and/or to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.


3. disclosures of information to other entities
during at least the past 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information outlined in the table above to the following categories of entities:

participating dealerships and vehicle manufacturers: we disclose personal identifiers, general location information, and commercial information to participating dealerships and/or vehicle manufacturers so that they can provide you with incentives, promotional materials, and other materials that you request or that we think might be of interest to you. we share inferences with participating dealerships for the same purposes. for example, we may share your name, physical address, email address, phone number and requested vehicle information (such as make, model and vehicle features) with a participating dealership to help you with the purchase of your vehicle. however, cap is not responsible for the privacy practices of these participating dealerships and/or vehicle manufacturers, which may use information about you for their own purposes.
costco: we disclose personal identifiers, commercial information, and inferences to costco for customer service, member tracking and satisfaction purposes, and so costco can communicate with you about other products and services that you may be interested in. cap is not responsible for the privacy practices of costco, which may use information about you for its own purposes.
service providers and contractors performing services on our behalf: we disclose all categories of personal information listed above to service providers  and contractors that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners), such as service providers and contractors that host or operate the cap site, analyze data, fulfill inquiries or provide customer service, or participate in or administer our promotions or provide marketing or promotional assistance.
third parties: we disclose commercial information, general location information, device, internet and network information, and inferences to our advertising and marketing third party partners. while on the cap site, you may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing incentives from someone else or to otherwise consent to the disclosure of information about you to a third party. if you agree to have your personal information disclosed to a third party you will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. we are not responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices and policies before disclosing information to them. we may also disclose or make available information with or to social media platforms, advertising networks, and ad tech companies.
acquirers and business transfers: we may disclose or transfer all categories of personal information listed above as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of the company or assets of cap.
government authorities and legal disclosure: we disclose all categories of personal information listed above to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to the cap site or the public.
consent: upon receipt of a request from you and with your consent, we disclose your personal information to a participating costco auto program dealership.


4. your privacy rights

a.	your u.s. state privacy rights
you have specific rights with respect to personal information under certain u.s. state privacy laws. for purposes of this subsection, the terms “consumer”, “personal information”, “business purpose”, “third party”, “sell”, and “share” have the meanings ascribed to them respectively in the applicable state law. to the extent provided for under the applicable laws, you may have the right to:

access and disclosure: you can request, up to two times every 12 months, that we disclose to you the categories of personal information we collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information, the categories of personal information we sold or disclosed, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing your personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
delete and correction of your personal information: you may request that we delete certain records that contain personal information we have collected about you. this right is not absolute, and we may deny certain deletion requests in whole or in part based upon our record keeping practices and legal rights and obligations. we are under no obligation to store such personal information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personal information.
how to submit a request: you can exercise the rights above by submitting a data request form or by calling 877-722-4559. we may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. for example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record-keeping purposes. please note that in order to protect your personal information, you will be asked to provide information to match our records and verify your identity. if we are unable to match your information, we will not be able to process your request.
your privacy choices (opt-out of targeted advertising): to request that we not sell or share your personal information as described in the “notice at collection” section above, click your privacy choices on the cap site or call us at 877-722-4559.
opt-out preference signals/global privacy control: you can submit a request to opt-out of the selling and sharing of personal information about you through an opt-out preference signal. if you use an opt-out preference signal, we will apply the opt-out to the device or browser which sends the opt-out preference signal and to any consumer profile associated with that browser or device, including pseudonymous profiles. you can use an opt-out preference signal by downloading a supported browser or extension. if known, we will also treat the opt-out preference signal as a valid request to opt-out of the sale/selling for the user. some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a “do not track” setting, an older request to block tracking of users by third parties.  we may not take action in response to these older signals.
california shine the light request - if you are a california resident, in addition to any rights and choices described in this privacy policy, you have the right to ask us once each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. to make a request, please send us an email at privacyrequests@costcoauto.com. please mark your inquiries “california shine the light request.”
sensitive personal information: we do not collect, use, or disclose sensitive personal information.
financial incentives: we may collect personal information, like personal identifiers, online identifiers, and commercial information, in connection with a financial incentive, such as a rebate, discount, special pricing or other promotional offer. our offers and incentives generally reflect the value of the relationships that we have with the individuals who participate in these programs. participation in these programs is voluntary and you may withdraw at any time by electing not to participate or contacting us using the information in the “contact us” section of this privacy policy.
users under 16: note that cap is not intended for users under the age of 16. we do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16. please see our section on minor children below for more information. 


b. promotional communications and newsletters
you may unsubscribe from certain email communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link provided at the bottom of an email sent to you by cap. please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your use of the cap site and these transactional messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from marketing communications.

c. tracking technologies

cookies: depending on the configuration options offered by the operating system, web browser, and other software on your device, you may be able to decide if and how your device will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your device or web browser. if you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the cap site may no longer be available to you.
interest-based / targeted advertising: cap may use third-party network advertisers to serve advertisements and third-party analytics vendors to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the cap site and viewing of our content. ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors, and/or analytics service providers may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your device, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you. on occasion, we and our network advertisers may target advertisements for products and services in which you might be interested based on your visits to both the cap site and other websites. we may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements. if you do not want to receive the benefits of targeted advertising, you may opt out of some network advertising programs that use information about you by visiting: the nai opt-out page and the daa opt-out page. please note that even if you choose to remove information about you (opt-out), you will still see advertisements while you’re browsing online, including advertisements that are relevant to the content of the webpage or application page on which they are displayed and advertisements that are relevant to your current location. however, the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests. additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. these interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive. the nai opt-out page and the daa opt-out page each provide a tool that identifies its member/participating companies that have cookies on your browser and provides a mechanism to opt out of receiving cookies from those companies. please note that if you opt-out of targeted advertising, we may still track your visits to the cap site for our own analytics, operations and security purposes.
google: google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by google analytics at google tools, by google analytics for display advertising or the google display network at  google settings, or downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on.
mobile device: you may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and turning off tracking for advertising purposes. 


5. how we communicate with you
we may communicate with you regarding any matter related to costco auto program via mail, via telephone or via electronic communications, including via email to the email address you provide, via text message to the mobile phone you provide, or via the cap site.
to opt-out of receiving text messages, please follow the instructions in the body of the text message. note that in order for you to receive communications via text message, you must maintain, at your own cost, a mobile device capable of sending and receiving text messages. message and data rates may apply to each text message sent and received in connection with costco auto program. please see your wireless provider to review your wireless plan details.

6. security of information
we take information security seriously and use certain reasonable security measures designed to help protect your personal information. however, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the cap site and provide us with information at your own risk.

7. other sites
the cap site may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by costco or third parties, and that are not under the control of or maintained by cap. the inclusion of a link on the cap site does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
this privacy policy does not apply to costco’s activity or to any personal information you may disclose directly to costco. we encourage you to review costco’s privacy policy, available here.

8. international transfers
the cap site is operated in the united states. if you are located in the eea, canada or anywhere else outside of the united states, please be aware that information we collect, including, without limitation, personal information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the united states. the data protection laws in the united states may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the united states according to laws of the united states. by using the cap site or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of information about you in the united states. where required by law, we will transfer your personal data subject to appropriate or suitable safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses.

9. changes and policy updates
please note, we may change information on the cap site and/or this privacy policy at any time without prior notice to you, and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised privacy policy on the cap site. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

10. minor children
the cap site is a general audience website and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children younger than the age of sixteen (16). we will delete any personal information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of sixteen (16). 

11. contact us
if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at: costco auto program, 10590 w. ocean air drive, suite 300, san diego, ca 92130, attn: privacy policy.
again, this cap privacy policy and practices are separate from costco’s practices. please visit costco’s privacy policy for information about how costco uses information.


close
view printable version












×
terms of use





updated as of: feb 2019

please read the following carefully.


            the costco auto program is operated in the united states by affinity auto
    programs, inc., doing business as “costco auto program” (“cap”, “we”, “us”
    or “our”), which is an independent company, not an affiliate of costco
    wholesale corporation (“costco”).
        

            this document sets out those terms and conditions (the "agreement") under
    which we allow you ("you", "your") to use our website ("website"), whether
    you do so just to find out about us and our services or to provide us with
    information in order to participate in the costco auto program or in any
    other activities through the website.
        

            if you are visiting our website as a visitor (see below for definitions),
    your use of the website confirms that you agree to this agreement. to
    access other services or parts of the website, you may have to confirm that
    you have read, accepted and agreed to this agreement by clicking on
    "accept" or you will not be able to view or use those portions of the
    website.
        

this agreement limits the liability of costco auto program, disclaims
        certain warranties, grants you a limited license and gives the costco
        auto program control over the information you elect to provide to us.
        all personal information provided by individuals also becomes subject
        to the costco auto program's privacy policy
        https://www.costcoauto.com/privacy.aspx
        
                do not use the website or provide us with any personal information if
        you do not agree to these terms,
            


1. 
help and feedback


            if you require assistance using the website or wish to provide us with
    feedback, please call us at 1-877-500-1470
        

2. 
agreement may change


            we may change any of the terms or conditions of this agreement from time to
    time without notice. you should revisit the website periodically to review
    the terms and conditions of the then-current agreement. any revisions to
    this agreement are effective once posted on or accessible from or through
    the website.
        

3. 
definitions


            many of the words and phrases in this agreement have specific meanings so
    we have provided those for you to read:
        

“agent”
            means any person who provides personal information to the costco auto
    program in any manner on behalf of another individual.
        

“cap service(s)”
            means any one or more of the services or benefits offered by the costco
    auto program from time to time; which may include a referral to a
    participating cap dealer, issuance of a dealer parts and service coupon, or
    issuance of an authorization number to register to participate in an oem
    promotion or any other service or benefit offered by the costco auto
    program.
        

            "data" means any and all records, documents, data and
    information collected by cap related to any guest’s use of any cap service
    from a guest, an agent, a participating dealer or an oem; including,
    without limitation, certain non-personal information about vehicle
    purchases (such as a vehicle make, the vehicle model and model year,
    purchase date and price paid or capital cost of lease), personal
    information related to guests, and related matters.
        

“guest” 
            means an individual who submits information to the costco auto program to
    participate in one of more of the cap services. a guest may access the
    website as a visitor on a different occasion without disclosing information
    or requesting a cap service. a guest may provide certain personal
    information personally and/or directly, or they may use instruct an agent
    or representative to do so.
        

            "oem" an original equipment manufacturer.
        

            "personal information" means all information about an
    identifiable individual; including, without limitation, name, email
    address, telephone number, home address, geolocation, demographic
    information (such as postal code, gender and age), contact information,
    costco membership number, and certain information about vehicle purchases
    whether provided by a guest, agent, visitor participating dealer or oem
    (such as the vehicle purchase agreement or a vehicle sales file which may
    include the vehicle identification number, model and model year, purchase
    date, price paid or capital cost of lease, msrp and invoice price).
        

“visitor”
            means anyone who visits the publicly available parts of our website, but
    who is not asked to provide information related to a request to use one or
    more of the cap services. visitors can access information from the
    website's publicly available areas without creating an account or otherwise
    submitting information about themselves. however, by using the website,
    visitors agree to accept all of the terms and conditions of this agreement.
    a visitor may not utilize a cap service and cannot request to access the
    data.
        

            please note that cap collects and archives your ip address as provided in
    our privacy policy.
        

4. 
purpose for access


            you agree that the purpose for our providing you with access to the website
    is to (i) allow you to obtain information and (where applicable) upload,
    download, create, and add to the data for purposes reasonably connected to
    a request to participate in one or more of the cap services on behalf of
    yourself or on behalf of another person for whom you have the authority to
    do so, and (ii) to allow cap to generate and review reports on your
    activities, or those of guests you act on behalf of as may be permitted by
    cap from time to time. once received by cap, the data becomes part of a
    database, which cap owns. any personal information in the data will be
collected, used and disclosed by cap pursuant to the cap privacy policy.
        

5. 
your warranty and representations to cap


            you warrant and represent to cap as follows:
        

if you act on behalf of an organization, whether a motor vehicle
    dealership (on behalf of a guest) or otherwise, that organization has
    implemented a legally compliant privacy policy and appointed responsible
    individuals with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal
    information, including by you;
by accessing the website and/or adding to, deleting or modifying data
    with respect to any guest, you are not breaching any contract, duty or law
    or infringing anyone's intellectual property, privacy or other legal
    rights;
if you are a bona fide agent, as defined in this agreement, your access
    to this website is permitted solely for the limited purpose of carrying out
    your role as an agent, and any access or use other than as permitted to an
    agent is hereby prohibited. as an agent, you are permitted to access this
    website only to the extent reasonably required to fulfill your obligations
    to the other individual or individuals you are assisting regarding their
    use of one or more of the cap services; and,
you are aware of the content of this agreement and agree to follow its
    terms and conditions.


6. 
compliance with rules and regulations


            you agree that you will follow all of the rules, requirements and
    regulations set forth by cap from time to time. those rules, requirements
    and regulations are currently as set out in this agreement. these rules,
    requirements and regulations will apply to any use of the website and
    access to the data and will apply to you whether you are a guest, visitor
    or agent.
        

            you agree and confirm that:
        

you are at least 18 years old; and
you possess the legal authority to enter into this agreement and to use
    the website in accordance with all of the terms and conditions contained in
    this agreement.


7. 
privacy


            we respect your personal privacy. we will collect, use and disclose
    personal information as described in our privacy policy, which is available
    at www.costcoauto.com/privacy. by using or accessing the website, you
    consent to the collections, uses and disclosures of your personal
    information for the purposes described in our privacy policy.
        

8. 
your agreement


            you agree that at all times:
        

your access to this website is for your use for the stated purposes in
    this agreement only. you will not allow or provide access to this website
    to any unauthorized person or any person under the age of 18, unless such
    access is continuously supervised by you;
you are using this website solely to determine whether you wish to use
    one or more of the cap services;
if you are a bona fide agent, as defined in this agreement, your access
    to this website is permitted solely for the limited purpose of carrying out
    your role as an agent, and any access or use other than as permitted to an
    agent is hereby prohibited. as an agent, you are permitted to access this
    website only to the extent reasonably required to fulfill your obligations
    to the other individual or individuals you are assisting regarding their
    use of one or more of the cap services;
if you are a bona fide visitor or a guest, you are permitted to access
    this website and download copies of content from this website for
    non-commercial and personal use only; and
whenever you access, use or otherwise interact with the website, you
    will comply with all:
                        
applicable laws, including, but not limited to, privacy laws;
acceptable-use policies and other policies that we implement with
    respect to the website from time to time, as posted on or made available
    through the website; and
other rules, policies and procedures we communicate to you from time to
    time.




9. 
prohibited activities


            you will not use the website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited
    by this agreement.
        

            in addition to, and without limiting, any other prohibitions set out in
    this agreement, you may not do any of the following when accessing, using
    or interacting with the website:
        

use the website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or
    impair the website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of
    the website;
engage in harassment in any manner, including via e-mail, chat, or by
    use of obscene, offensive or abusive language (as determined by us in our
    sole discretion);
impersonate others, including a cap employee or representative, or other
    members or visitors to the website;
upload to, distribute or otherwise publish any content that is
    defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights,
    abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, or which may constitute or
    encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party or which may
    otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law;
upload any commercial content or solicit others to join or become
    members of any other online service or other organization;
circumvent or disable any access control technology, security device,
    procedure, protocol, or technological protection mechanism that may be
    included or established in or as part of the site or any hardware or
    software used to provide the site, or third party hardware, software or
    services;
use the website or any hardware or software used to provide the website
    to perform cyber currency or crypto currency mining; and
collect any content or information from cap, our licensee’s or any user
    or otherwise access the website personally or through any automated means
    (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our
    permission.


10. 
relationship


            you agree that by using the website or by submitting personal information
    on your own or a visitor or guest's behalf, you and cap are not entering
    into:
        

an employment relationship
a business partnership or joint business venture;
a consulting relationship; or
a relationship where cap or you act as each other's legal agent.


11. 
withdrawal of access for cause


            this agreement grants no rights, only privileges and permission. you agree
    that cap, in its absolute discretion, will be the sole judge of whether you
    have breached any provision of this agreement and that any privileges or
    permission granted to you under this agreement may be revoked, suspended or
    terminated by cap at any time without notice.
        

12. 
waiver


            you acknowledge that the internet and websites accessed by you are
    inherently dangerous and subject to computer, system and network failure as
    well as malicious human activity. while cap will take such steps as are
    reasonable in the circumstances to maintain the security of this website
    and the data and your privacy and confidentiality with respect to
    information you provide, you agree that you use this website completely at
    your own risk and that in no event shall cap be held liable for any loss or
    damages, however caused, except as expressly provided in this agreement,
    even if caused by the negligence or reckless behavior of cap.
        

13. 
disclaimer


            the costco auto program does not warrant that this website will operate
    error-free or that it and its server or servers are or will be free of
    computer viruses, trojan horses, or other harmful content, devices or
    programs. this website and its content and material, and access to the
    data, are all provided on an "as is, where is", and "as and when available"
    basis without any representations, guarantees, conditions or warranties of
    any kind. to the fullest extent permitted by the law, the costco auto
    program disclaims any and all conditions and warranties, whether express or
    implied, including the condition or warranty of merchantability and the
    condition or warranty of fitness for any particular purpose. the costco
    auto program makes no warranty or representation of non-infringement. the
    costco auto program further makes no warranties or representations
    concerning the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the
    data accessed by use of the website.
        

            cap strives to ensure information is accurate and current. however, we make
    no representations to you about the accuracy of the information contained
    on the cap website. this includes, without limitation, the availability of
    any cap service to you on a local or national basis.
        

14. 
limitation of damages


            you further agree that the costco auto program will not be liable to you
    for any damages you may suffer and that in no event will costco auto
    program be liable for indirect, general, special, economic, consequential,
    exemplary or punitive damages resulting from the use of (or inability to
    use) this website or any cap service, whether in tort (including
    negligence), contract or any other cause of action, including without
    limitation, for availability of any cap service, loss of data, information
    or programs, or damage to computers or networks, or from breach of privacy
    and similar personal rights, or from infringement of intellectual property
    rights, or from defamation, libel or slander, or any other damages
    whatsoever, whether or not cap shall have been advised of the possibility
    of such damages.
        

15. 
exceptions to disclaimers and limitations of damages


            this agreement does not exclude or limit cap’s liability (if any) for death
    or personal injury caused by cap’s negligence, fraud, fraudulent
    misrepresentation or any matter which it would be illegal for cap to
    exclude or attempt to exclude cap’s liability.
        

            some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or
    exclusion of liability for certain types of damages; as a result, one or
    more of the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
        

16. 
further disclaimer of cap


            except as provided in the    privacy policy, while
    cap will make reasonable commercial efforts to make access to review the
    data available on a reasonable basis, cap accepts no obligation to do so on
    any pre-agreed basis or at all. cap may interrupt access to the data, or
    terminate access to the data at any time, without notice or liability.
    access to the data shall in all cases be a privilege and not a right or
    proprietary interest of any kind. subject to its privacy policies and
    applicable law, cap shall be free to modify, change, delete, share the data
    with costco wholesale, participating dealers and oem’s and generally deal
    with the data as it sees fit. other parties may have access to the data and
    can change, modify, amend or delete the data. cap has no control over such
    third parties and no event will cap be liable for any reliance by you on
    the data.
        

17. 
events outside our control


            cap will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay
    in performance of, any of our obligations under this agreement that is
    caused by events outside our reasonable control. cap’s performance will be
    deemed to be suspended for the period that any such event continues, and we
    will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that
    period or such longer period as we may reasonably require. we will use our
    reasonable efforts to end the event or to find a solution by which our
    obligations may be performed despite the event.
        

18. 
enforcement 


            cap's performance of its obligations under this agreement is subject to all
    applicable laws and regulatory requirements. nothing contained in this
    agreement is in derogation of cap’s rights and obligations to comply with
    law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the
    website or information provided to, or gathered by cap with respect to such
    use.
        

19. 
evidence


            computer records stored in reasonably secure conditions by cap with respect
    to the data, the website and your access to them will be accepted as
    conclusive evidence of your conduct, communications and dealings with the
    data and the website. computer records will be deemed to be stored in
    reasonably secure conditions if systematically recorded on a durable and
    inalterable medium, including a write-protected disk, tape, cd or dvd or
    similar medium, or, if upon an alterable medium, upon reasonable proof that
    such record has not been altered.
        

20. 
injunctive and similar relief


            you agree that any breach by you of this agreement will not be fully
    compensable in damages and you therefore agree that cap shall be entitled
    to immediate equitable, injunctive and other similar relief against you
    without notice and without the necessity of proving damages or the
    likelihood of damages.
        

21. 
indemnity


            you agree to indemnify and save harmless cap for any damages sustained
    should you breach your warranties and representations or any term or
    condition of this agreement.
        

22. 
ownership and grant of limited license


            the website, its organization and design (including all software code and
    architecture and the look and feel of the website and its user interfaces),
    and all information, images, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures and
    other material and content on the site, all of which cap owns or has the
    right to use, are protected by copyright and other proprietary rights.
        

            cap grants to you a non-exclusive, limited and revocable license to
    download and view the content available on this website on your computer
    for the purposes stated in this agreement and no other purposes.
        

23. 
feedback


            if you send any communications, comments, questions, suggestions, or
    related materials to us by any method of communication suggesting or
    recommending changes to the website, any cap service or any product,
    services or materials offered through the website or that you would like to
    see offered through the website (“feedback”) then:
        

all feedback is not, and will not be treated as, your confidential or
    proprietary information or property;
            
cap is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you, any
    ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and
    proprietary rights contained in the feedback for any purpose whatsoever,
    and you acknowledge that cap may independently develop its own updates or
    improvements to the website or any cap service that may be similar or
    identical to the feedback; and
you understand and agree that cap is not obligated to use, display,
    reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques
contained in the feedback, and you have no right to compel us to do so.    


24. 
assignment


            cap may assign this agreement to any affiliate or any third party at any
    time. you may not assign this agreement or any rights or benefits offered
    to you by cap. this agreement shall remain personal between you and cap.
        

25. 
termination


            in its absolute discretion, cap may terminate this agreement at any time
    with or without notice to you. you may not terminate this agreement or any
    provision. this agreement will remain in force between you and cap unless
    and until terminated by cap and cap may enforce any and all provisions of
    this agreement against you, and, if you are an agent, against any
    organization you are employed with or on whose behalf you access the
    website or the data.
        

26. 
entire agreement


            this is the entire agreement, contract and understanding between you and
    cap and supersedes any prior terms and conditions, agreement or
    understanding between you and cap.
        

27. 
other sites and linking


            you agree that (i) cap has no control over the content or performance of
    any website linked to or from this website, (ii) cap expresses no opinion
    concerning the content or performance of any such linked website, and,
    (iii) cap shall not be held liable or responsible for the content or
    services of any such linked website. cap provides all such links for your
    convenience only; they are not an endorsement or referral by cap. you
    access and use those linked sites at your own risk. those linked sites may
    have terms of use and privacy policies different from ours, and those terms
    and policies will apply to your activities on those sites.
        

            if you wish to provide a link to our website from your own web site, you
may only link to our home page at www.costcoauto.com. you may not
    use any of our icons or logos on your web site without our prior written
    approval, and you may not use the link to suggest that we sponsor, endorse,
    approve of or are affiliated with you or your web site.
        

28. 
modifications and updates


            we may from time to time add new features to the website, remove existing
    features from the website, or otherwise modify the website, the cap
    services and any of the products, services and content made available
    through the website (including their functionality, “look-and-feel”,
    universal resource locators and software components), all without notice to
    you or any liability to you.
        

29. 
governing law


            this agreement shall in all respects be governed by the laws of state of
    delaware. you agree that any and all disputes will be adjudicated by the
    delaware courts. you expressly submit to the jurisdiction of such delaware
    courts. the use of the website in any jurisdiction not giving effect to all
    provisions of these terms and conditions is unauthorized.
        

            30. severance 


            should any term or provision of this agreement be held by a court of
    competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, then such term or provision
    shall be severed from this agreement; provided, however, that the remaining
    provisions terms and provisions of the agreement shall continue to be valid
    and enforced.
        

31. 
copyright and trademark notices


            all contents of the website are: copyright © affinity auto programs, inc.
    other trade-marks of third parties displayed on the website are the
    property of such parties, used with permission. all rights are expressly
    reserved.
        



close









×
your privacy choices






        
             under certain u.s. state privacy laws, you can request that we do not sell personal information about you or share it for targeted advertising. to submit a request, complete the form below or call 877-722-4559 and visit our cookie preference center.
        
    


first name *



last name *



where do i find my membership number?




locate your membership number on the back of the card. the costco membership number is a 12-digit number that starts with 1, 3, or 8.


close






costco member number *



zip code *


by submitting this request, i confirm that the information is true and accurate, and that costco auto program has the right to process this request.
* required fields






close
submit request










×
program not available






sorry. this program is not available.
                        thank you for your interest. unfortunately the program you selected is not available in your area.  please select the program(s) you’re interested in and provide your contact information to receive an email once available.
                    


program required


pre-owned
                            

parts & service
                            

rvs
                            


first name
first name



last name
last name



email address








welcome back!
                        thank you for your continued interest in costco auto program. you previously signed up to receive notifications using . we have updated your preferences to your new zip code: . would you like to use this new zip code or keep your previous one?
                    


please use 
please use 






thanks!
you have signed up to receive updates for the following:



we’ll let you know as soon as the program(s) you selected become available in your area.





close












