




motidayt - habit tracker & to do list in one simple app































































finish tasks
build habits
achieve goals


                                manage daily tasks, build better habits, and keep track of long-term goals - all in one place. why use separate to do list, task manager and habit tracker apps to manage your day? do it all in one simple app with motidayt.
                            



                                        download for iphone
                                    



                                        download for android
                                    

















                                    download for iphone
                                



                                    download for android
                                


















                            three productivity essentials
                            in one app
                        











calendar
schedule and review time-sensitive tasks.









to do list
plan and manage short-term tasks and long-term goals.









habits
set weekly goals for habits and track your progress.





















                                a productivity app for
                                everyday life
                            
tired of complicated to do list apps that require you plan every task to the day? or habit trackers that expect you to do every single habit every day of the week?
motidayt is built for real everyday life. schedule tasks by date, or just give them a simple timeframe. set realistic, achievable weekly goals for habits. and see your progress in real time.
best of all, do it all in one place. so whether you’re managing daily tasks, planning long-term goals, or building life-changing habits, you’ll always know your next steps.


                            get motidayt
                        
















smart, simple task management
assign simple, intuitive timeframes for this week, month, year, or later. no need to set an exact date for every task - only the ones that need it.









integrated habit tracking
set achievable weekly goals for habits and track your progress. habits are integrated in the to do list so you'll remember everything you want to achieve.









streaks & achievements
see streaks for how many weeks you've achieved your weekly goals. you don't have to do every habit every single day to see success.









home screen widgets
widgets in any size help you stay mindful of what you want to achieve, just by looking at your home screen.
























































loved by users














“super useful productivity app. the habit tracker and to do list are well designed and easy to use, and having them together in one place makes it so much easier to achieve everything. the design is simple and i like how i can customize everything from notifications to streaks and achievements.”

app store review (us)









“i’m not the best at tracking tasks, reminders or appointments across different apps but this fits the bill perfectly. i can choose the type and sort the priorities as i wish! it has a simple, unfussy, clear design and layout which i really appreciate.”

app store review (uk)









“it's a really great and streamlined app. it's really easy to put all your habits in one place. you can also add tasks as well, and you can make them repeat. you can even make it so you can see the tasks you have for the month. i've used a few habit apps, and honestly, this is the best without all the junk.”

google play review









“it has been really helpful having such an intuitively designed app as my brain’s copilot. it takes me about 5 seconds to create a task that i need to remember … i use the daily habit tracker to encourage me to meet my weekly fitness goals and to not engage with video games and other distractions until i’ve accomplished all of my goals for the day. i’m super happy with this app.”

app store review (us)









“this app is better than most others i have tried for habit tracking as well as keeping daily tasks. the functionalities of drag and drop task from a day to other is awesome. i definitely recommend others to try this app.”

google play review









“this is an excellent intuitive and practical app to help organize and inspire positive habits. after trying this for a few months i can say it is a really useful tool.”

app store review (jp)









“great app! easy to understand and navigate. very helpful for people with memory issues that need reminders.”

app store review (us)


























live your best life with motidayt
get the all-in-one tool to achieve your goals and live your most purposeful, fulfilling life.

























 questions or comments? get in touch.


























