huntington beach events calendar information 















events home

hb calendar


huntington beach events features a
				full calendar of events with hundreds of events and 
				things to do. some are available every day of the year. at the   		beach you can surf, watch birds at the bolsa chica wetlands nature   		trails, jog, bicycle or skate on the 
				8.5 mile path that parallels the beach, yet staying off the busy 
				pacific coast highway. a short distance from the pacific ocean 
				visitors can ride horse rentals on trails in central park, play 
				frisbee disc golf for an affordable fee, enjoy the popular meadowlark   		(public) golf club,  
				dog beach, dog park,  
				huntington beach sports complex with baseball and soccer fields, huntington beach playhouse, go fishing,   		build a bonfire, fly a kite, kite surf and shop.facts: woody: the official car of huntington beach is the woody! tree friendly city:
					huntington beach is a tree friendly citywetlands:
					huntington beach has a significant wetlands area for bird 
					migrations.beach resort conferences:
					huntington beach features the largest beach resort 
					conference facilities in orange county at hyatt regency hb 
					resort & spa.11 - 15 million visitors:
					tourism attracts millions of beach-goers 
					annually. 9.3 miles of beaches:
					according to google maps, huntington beach and sunset beach 
					combined contain 9.3 miles of beach frontage on pacific 
					coast highway between brookhurst st. and anaheim bay bridge 
					next to simple green.5th longest pier in california: the iconic hb 
					pier is the most photographed landmark.weekly events at the   		beach and beyond include swap meets, art fairs, farmer's market every   		friday at the huntington beach pier, car shows every saturday and visits   		to 
				shipley   		nature center at central park open regularly. with so much to see   		and do, it's hard to stay inside. grab your suitcase, your friends and   		family and see what's happening in huntington beach, california. for   		other cities and   		destinationsin california.location: huntington beach is located on the west coast of the united 
					states in southern california, 40 miles (60km) south of 
					downtown los angeles and approx. 90 miles (145km) north of 
					san diego. the beach destination in the county of orange 
					ranks as the fourth largest city in that county with a 
					population of just under (close to 194,000.) its beach 
					assets include 9.3 miles of public beaches 
				that attract over 15 million visitors per year. huntington beach 
				is surrounded to the west by the pacific ocean and is bounded by 
				cities newport beach, seal beach, fountain valley, 
				westminster, and costa 
				mesa. airports serving the city include orange county airport (sna) 
				10 miles distance or 16km; 
				long beach airport (lgb) 17 miles distance or 27km; and los angeles international airport 
				(lax) 35 miles distance or 56km. there 
				is a public bus system (octa.net) but no train service to the city. the nearest amtrak train is located in 
				anaheim near disneyland, approx. 16 miles (26km) away.beaches & parks: huntington beach,        california is a year round tropical paradise that offers 
 9.3 miles of soft,        sandy beaches and approximately 78 parks where 
				sports activities and play await. events can be hosted at parks. four beaches within the boundaries of        huntington beach are from north to south: 
				sunset beach, bolsa chica state beach,   		huntington city beach and huntington state beach. these beaches include   		lifeguards on duty during regular operating hours, though guard service   		is less extensive from october through march. the waters off this   		portion of the california coast provide some of the best waves, due to   		the west facing beach layout. the beach located at the huntington   		beach pier,   		huntington city beach, operates separately from the two beaches north   		and south of it, bolsa chica 
				state beach and huntington state beach. city beach parking fees 
				are determined by the city of huntington beach. fees at the 
				other beaches are determined by california state parks and may 
				be a 
				different price than city beach fees and the newly-annexed 
				sunset beach.bolsa        chica state beach begins at sunset beach on the north end of the        coast. parking is for cars and rv camping is available. there are        fire rings, restrooms and surfing is popular here.  dog beach stretches from seapoint to golden west streets        along the coast. dogs are only allowed on this beach.  parking        is available in two unattended lots south of the beach, with meters        charging a minimum of 25 cents.
				huntington city beach stretches from dog beach on the north end        near seapoint street to huntington state beach near beach boulevard on the        south end. concessions, restaurants on the huntington beach pier,        and the famous paved bike path extend through here. parking ranges from        metered to day fee.huntington        state beach extends south from beach boulevard parking lot to   		the newport beach border. parking fee is approx $15.
				sunset beach approx. one mile long beach between warner ave. 
				and anderson street.beach hours: state beaches are open from 6 am to 10 pm (seasonal). gates are        open from 6 am to 9 pm. huntington city beach is open from 5 am to 10 pm.        huntington beach pier is open from 5 am to midnight.
alcoholic beverages are not allowed on        beaches within the bounds of huntington beach, except by special permit.   		to obtain a permit, you must contact the official city of huntington   		beach and state of california agents that operate the beach facilities.bicycling is a favorite activity in huntington beach. the 8.3   		mile paved bike path that is adjacent to the pacific ocean features   		ocean views, soft breezes and some sand that drifts onto the path.   		caution is advised. also be sure to watch for pedestrians, surfers and   		roller bladers that share the path. bicycle rentals are   		available at beach concessions throughout the three beaches located in   		huntington beach. boats can be launched from a boat ramp near warner avenue        and pacific coast highway. another ramp at sunset aquatic park is located at the        end of edinger avenue. commercial filming is licensed through the city of 
huntington beach and through state beach contacts.
dogs are only allowed on dog beach, between seapoint and        golden west streets. dog park is located in central park near central park   		drive off edwards. dogs are not permitted on the huntington beach pier.
fire rings are available on most beaches, first 
come basis, but you must bring your own wood and keep fires in the ring. there 
are no fire rings on sunset beach. you also will not find fire rings on 
huntington city beach from main street to seapoint street.fishing from beaches requires a california fishing 
license (except for two free fishing days per year.) fishing from public piers is free. kayak rentals are not available at the beach area but are   		available at the bordering unincorporated community of sunset beach to   		the north. you will find rentals adjacent to pacific coast highway near   		warner avenue.
kites  can be flown from huntington beach. the air currents   		usually provide ideal flying conditions. functional and decorative kites   		and flags are sold at a shop, 
kite connection, on the huntington beach pier.
naturists and nudity policies require clothing be worn on beaches.roller blading is popular along the 8.3 cement path that   		runs along the entire beachfront in huntington beach. 
the path stops in sunset beach, an annexed community now part of hb's city 
assets and jurisdiction. bring   		your own skates or rent some from beach concessions such as zack's (see   		link below).
rv camping is available at bolsa chica state beach, and a        private rv facility across the street from huntington state beach called   		huntington by the sea rv resort. huntington city beach opens sunset vista rv camp facility south of the 	huntington beach pier from november  to march (subject   		to change.) that rv camp facility overlooking huntington city   		beach and the huntington beach pier is opens annually for off-season   		camping. during the summer months it becomes a parking lot for high   		season beach traffic. tent camping is not allowed on any beaches in 
surf city.huntington beach pier is the 5th longest municipal pier in california. it is constructed of reinforced concrete and offers free fishing, a   		ruby's diner with ocean views, surf city store with souvenir gifts and   		logo items, kite connection, let's go fishin' fish   		and bait store and free   		public restrooms. water basins for fish cleaning are available and the state-of-the-art   		tower zero lifeguard tower facility on the pier features a surf and   		water conditions chalkboard where current temperatures and wave height are posted daily.        the pier has cement benches to sit and watch the waves, is wheelchair   		accessible and has pay scopes for viewing the surrounding region. the   		pier is most popular for watching surfing and taking souvenir photos of   		friends, family and the ocean. the pier celebrated 100 years in 2004. not allowed on the pier are pets, skating, bicycling or skateboarding.  you are not allowed to jump from the pier.
  farmer's market and art fair takes place every friday 
	afternoon.pier plaza is a public gathering        spot with stone steps, cement seats and a beautiful tiled mural wall        depicting scenes from huntington beach history. concerts are   		held at this open air amphitheater on a regular basis during summer   		months. overlooking the stone seating is a grass lawn where people can   		sit and children play. next to the lawn area is a wheelchair access ramp   		from the north beach parking lot to the beach. at the foot of the ramp   		is 
	zack's beach concessions, offering sand wheelchairs, skate and bike rentals, food concessions with   		outdoor, umbrella-shaded tables surf rentals and lessons. zack's also   		caters parties, weddings, birthdays, bar mitzvahs, corporate team   		building, barbecues and more.
  huntington beach, california events calendar for surf city huntington beach   	includes information about activities and events, date, time, location,   	telephone number, cost, fee or price of admission and sponsor contact   	information. huntington beach features over 100 unique   	special events, concerts, bird tours and car shows. events include the polar   	plunge on january 1, mardi gras festival at old world in march, easter bunny   	hunt, concours d'elegance, 
	us open of surfing, huntington harbour cruise of lights and more! live bands, karaoke   	and dj's spinning tunes appear in huntington beach most every day of the   	year.
see calendar 
events listannual events include: april or may taste of huntington beachmay duck-a-thon rubber duck race 
	(canceled in 2020)may/june concours d'elegance june pier swim sponsored by city of   	huntington beachjuly 4 parade & fireworks sponsored by city of huntington beachjuly- august us open of surfing & beach games august huck finn fishing derby for kids at the hb pier sponsored by city   	of huntington beach (late august)august/september civil war reenactment (labor day   	weekend)september - october oktoberfestoctober 31 main street halloween celebrationdecember cruise of lights   	huntington harbour holiday lights boat tour





subscribe to california newsletter!



get updates via e-mail!
enter your e-mail address:









more hb info
hotels
beaches
bikes
birds
bonfires
street fairs
museums
surfing
bars, music
dining
volunteer



 















© copyright 
	huntington beach events | privacy 
	policy  | 
site map