









north america's most trusted soccer provider | challenger sports








































































 












 









close
skip to content






















 



camps

foundational skills (6-12yrs)creative skills (6-12yrs)elite (11yrs+) powered by spiretinytykes (2-5yrs)
elite players

camps & combinesstudy & playspire academytours
preschool

parentsorganizations
tournamentscoach for usclub trainerseducationtoursshop
















home










find the perfect camp











 





















ignite the passion







this is challenger sports











the leading soccer camps, programs and services provider in north america








watch our video








find a camp or program

































early bird special
don't miss out! sign up for camp now to save $
register now
discounts up to $70 on some sessions
+ unlock exclusive merchandise savings
* early bird discount expires 30 days before camp





















 

 


love the game. learn the game.

 


foundational skills camps















 

 


inspire. evolve. grow. compete.

 


creative skills camps















 

 


advanced player pathways

 


elite camps















 

 


coaching with fun and care

 


tinytykes
































 

 


student athlete academies

 


study & play















 

 


advancing your players & coaches

 


club trainers















 

 


compete & conquer

 


tournaments















 

 


travel the world with us

 


tours




























the challenger difference







the right people.
teaching the right things.
the right way












challenger sports has positively impacted more than one million children globally since 1985. challenger originated as a british-led soccer camp business in north america, delivering high-quality soccer camp and learning experiences for youth soccer players and their families of all ages and ability levels.






in today's soccer landscape, challenger pro has bridged the gap between the grassroots game and the collegiate level, and challenger sports is now proud to say it is "powered by spire"*.









 

a dynamic soccer partnership
challenger sports and spire academy are partners focused on elite player development and education.
spire academy is the pinnacle of challenger's player pathway and its national training center. study, train and play at the spire academy, an accredited international boarding school for 9-12th grade and postgraduate students, to maximize your physical and mental performance in the sport, and college and career potential beyond. challenger's 30 years+ history of developing a national footprint and grassroots players makes them the perfect feeder system for this partnership. 








* learn more


























 


 


 


 


 
























work with us







ignite the passion with challenger sports





















 





ignite the passion






find out what challenger sports can do for your organization












work with us





download brochure


 


















challenger news







the latest



































 challenger chatter
early kickoff for summer: how we are celebrating 40 years of camps by giving something back to our families!
december 12, 2024 
            



read the blog





















 challenger chatter
the benefits of introducing sports/soccer at a young age
august 7, 2023 
            



read the blog





















 challenger chatter
meet the coaches: lawrie o’toole
july 25, 2023 
            



read the blog
























need help? get in touch







contact our team















































 



























work with us
refer a friend
host families
challenger chatter
coach for us
coach education
camps
creative skills
 









about
challenger foundation
partners
soccer shop
job opportunities
spire academy
steven gerrard academy
 









find a camp


















your total soccer solution









contact | terms | privacy | faqs












facebook





linked in





instagram



















challenger sports copyright © 2025

















 













































