  





fruit production for the home gardener













 


       

 the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.     skip to content  menu browse by category close  animals and livestock animals and livestockclose    view all   dairy  dairyclose   view all   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    poultry  poultryclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    beef cattle  beef cattleclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    equine  equineclose   view all   pasture and environment management   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    swine  swineclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    goats  goatsclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    sheep  sheepclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety   business management    llamas and alpacas  llamas and alpacasclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   health and care   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   business management    canine  canineclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   behavior and welfare   health and care   reproduction and genetics     forage and food crops  forage and food crops close    view all   agronomic crops  agronomic cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    cover crops  cover cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    forages  foragesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    forage quality and testing   pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    fruit  fruitclose   view all   production and harvesting   cultivars and rootstocks   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    mushrooms  mushroomsclose   view all   production and harvesting   substrate management   pests and diseases   food safety   business management    vegetables  vegetablesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management     trees, lawns, and landscaping trees, lawns, and landscapingclose    view all   aquatic plants and algae  aquatic plants and algaeclose   view all   species and varieties   pests and diseases   business management    christmas trees  christmas treesclose   view all   production and harvesting   pests and diseases   business management    home gardening  home gardeningclose   view all   planting and growing   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   eco-friendly gardening   pollination and bees   landscaping for wildlife   animal control    ornamentals and floriculture  ornamentals and floricultureclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   facilities and technology   business management    trees and shrubs  trees and shrubsclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   personal safety   business management    turfgrass and lawn care  turfgrass and lawn careclose   view all   species and cultivars   establishment and renovation   fertility and soil management    cultural practices   pests and diseases   weed identification and management   athletic fields and sports turf   golf course turf   personal safety   business management     insects, pests, and diseases insects, pests, and diseasesclose    view all   pest, disease and weed identification  pest, disease and weed identificationclose   view all   insect identification and control   weed identification and control   plant disease identification and control    pesticide applicators  pesticide applicatorsclose   view all   certification and study materials   recertification   resources and best practices    pest management and education  pest management and educationclose   view all   agriculture   public/homeowners   educators and teachers    pollinators  pollinatorsclose   view all   beekeeping   habitat and landscape   identification and biology   pesticides   pollination services    vectors  vectorsclose   view all   tick identification and management   mosquito identification and management   vector-borne diseases     forests and wildlife forests and wildlifeclose    view all   forest management  forest managementclose   view all   management practices   invasive and competing plants   pests and diseases   legacy planning    forestry business and economics  forestry business and economicsclose   view all   agroforestry   county forest economic data   policy and ordinances   timber market report    forest products  forest productsclose   view all   biofuels   botanicals   maple syrup   wood products    urban forestry  urban forestryclose   view all   community forest management   tree care   tree selection and planting   municipal stormwater management    wildlife  wildlifeclose   view all   habitat management   wildlife ecology and conservation   wildlife nuisance and damage     food safety and quality food safety and qualityclose    view all   commercial food processing  commercial food processingclose   view all   good manufacturing practices   regulations   business management    dairy food processing  dairy food processingclose   view all   business management   production and processing   regulations   safety and sanitation    farm food safety  farm food safetyclose   view all   good agricultural practices   regulations    food service and retail  food service and retailclose   view all   food service safety   regulations   business management    home food preservation and safety  home food preservation and safetyclose   view all   food preservation   food safety    grape and wine production  grape and wine productionclose   view all   grape production   wine production   business management and marketing    beer, hard cider, and distilled spirits  beer, hard cider, and distilled spiritsclose   view all   production   business management     water waterclose    view all   drinking and residential water  drinking and residential waterclose   view all   water quality    supply and conservation   maintenance and treatment   testing and interpretation    pond management  pond managementclose   view all   water quality   pond maintenance   aquatic plants and algae   fisheries, wildlife, and ecology    urban and residential stormwater  urban and residential stormwaterclose   view all   water quality   flood control   design, construction, and maintenance    wastewater management  wastewater managementclose   view all   private septic systems   industrial    water for agriculture  water for agricultureclose   view all   conservation practices   irrigation water   livestock drinking water   nutrient management    watershed protection and restoration  watershed protection and restorationclose   view all   streams and rivers   water quality and management   watershed education    conservation practices and training  conservation practices and trainingclose   view all   ag literacy   conservation practices   administration and funding     energy  energy close    view all   marcellus shale and natural gas  marcellus shale and natural gasclose   view all   landowner leasing and royalties   economic and business impacts   environmental impacts   municipality and government impacts    renewable and alternative energy  renewable and alternative energyclose   view all   biofuels   energy use and efficiency   renewable energy resources     business and operations business and operationsclose    view all   starting a farm  starting a farmclose   view all   exploring farming   starting a business   introduction to agronomy   introduction to horticulture   introduction to livestock    business management  business managementclose   view all   business growth   financial   marketing and sales   risk management and insurance   transition and succession planning    human resources  human resourcesclose   view all   labor relations   professional development   volunteer management   workforce development    land and equipment  land and equipmentclose   view all   acquisition and leasing   emerging technology   maintenance    farm markets  farm marketsclose   view all   getting started   management   marketing    farm safety  farm safetyclose   view all   animal handling   farm emergency training   farm equipment and structures   protective gear   youth safety   disaster preparedness   agrability     community development community developmentclose    view all   community planning and engagement  community planning and engagementclose   view all   broadband   community development   leadership   local government   volunteer management    economic development  economic developmentclose   view all   see all economic development    land use  land useclose   view all   see all land use     youth, family, and health youth, family, and healthclose    view all   nutrition, diet, and health  nutrition, diet, and healthclose   view all   chronic disease   food allergies   fitness and exercise   mental health   nutrition and food    children and families  children and familiesclose   view all   early childhood care and education   family resiliency   financial wellness and literacy   substance use education   4-h youth development     browse all by education format browse all by education formatclose  articles articlesclose  conferences conferencesclose  guides and publications guides and publicationsclose  news newsclose  online courses online coursesclose  tools and apps tools and appsclose  videos videosclose  webinars webinarsclose  workshops workshopsclose  searchsearch search account  cart        home   fruit production for the home gardener               guides and publications   sku agrs-099 fruit production for the home gardener  grow your own fruit on a small scale. save for later   share        be the first to review this product   skip to the end of the images gallery       skip to the beginning of the images gallery     more information pages188 ships in1 - 2 business days 1240 x 420 imageno_selection filtered slider image/i/m/image_300.png languageenglish preview samplefruit production for the home gardener  $12.00     get notified when this product is in stock.  email  notify me  description   fruit production for the home gardener, a resource for people who wish to produce fruit on a small scale (one acre or less) and are not legally licensed to use pesticides, emphasizes production methods that use alternative pest control strategies, such as integrated pest management (ipm), to reduce pesticide use.  who is this for?home gardeners; small-scale fruit growers what will you learn?getting started in the home fruit planting; pollination requirements; soil fertility and ph; sources of nursery stock; pests and pesticides in the home fruit garden; controlling wildlife damage in the home fruit garden; variety selection, planting, nutritional requirements, watering needs, flowering habits, pruning and thinning, and pest and disease management for pome fruits, stone fruits, brambles, strawberries, blueberries, gooeseberries and currants, elderberries, grapes and hardy kiwi. agenda  authors   rob crassweller, ph.d.  former professor of horticulture pennsylvania state university   reviews  write your own review only registered users can write reviews. please sign in or create an account  faqs are all publications available in both digital and print versions?
	some publications are available in both digital and print versions, but some are only available in one version. please refer to the publication description to learn whether a specific publication is available in digital, print, or both.
what happens after i purchase a digital publication?you will have access to the digital publication from your account in my educational content > downloadable publications.if i purchase a digital publication, will i be able to download updated versions or replacement copies in the future?when you purchase a digital publication, you will have unlimited access to the publication from your account in my educational content > downloadable pulications. however, you can only access the version you purchased. if a new edition is released, you will need to purchase the new version to have access to the new version.can i share a digital or publication with multiple people?
	no. we are sorry, but digital publications cannot be shared with multiple people.
how much is shipping on print publications?
	shipping is dependent on the weight of the publication as well as the quantity ordered. you will receive an accurate quote for shipping during checkout and prior to completing your purchase.
when will my print publication arrive?
	you will receive a tracking link when your order has been shipped. orders are typically shipped out within two to three business days.
a publication i want to purchase is out of stock. what should i do?
	you can sign up for an out-of-stock alert on the publication page and we will send you an email notification when the publication is back in stock.
are publications accessible for people who require special needs or services?yes, our publications are available in alternative format upon request. please use the alternate format request form to make a request. we will be glad to assist you.who do i contact if i have a question about a specific publication?please submit your question or comment through the contact us form and we will be glad to assist you.   you may also be interested in... check items to add to the cart or select all          online courses spotted lanternfly permit training for businesses: pennsylvania sections 3 length 2 hours spotted lanternfly is an invasive insect that can damage many crops. learn best practices to stop its spread. businesses operating in the quarantine zone must have permits to move equipment and goods within and out of the zone.      free            online courses plant health diagnosis: assessing plant diseases, pests and problems sections 4 length 2 hours learn a process for diagnosing plant health problems, including signs and symptoms of diseases, pests and insects, and environment or management issues. earn 4 category 6, 7, 18, 23, or private category credits and a certificate of completion.      $29.25            videos do insects matter to people? by sanford s. smith, ph.d., michael j. skvarla, john d. laskowski a.k.a. "the mothman" length 4:21 insects are often considered pests, but many are beneficial, helpful, valuable, and even tasty. learn more about how insects matter to people. add to cart          articles juniper and minute cypress scales by michael j. skvarla juniper and minute cypress scales are pests of junipers, cedars, cypresses, false cypress, incense cedar, and related  trees and shrubs in landscapes and nurseries.          articles ficus diseases by gary w. moorman, ph.d. informational table showing disease name, symptoms, pathogen/cause, and management of ficus diseases.          articles artillery fungus in mulch if infested material is used for mulch, the artillery fungus may be already in the mulch when the load of mulch arrives.          articles goldenrod (solidago) diseases by gary w. moorman, ph.d. informational table showing disease name, symptoms, pathogen/cause, and management of goldenrod (solidago) diseases.          articles syngonium diseases by gary w. moorman, ph.d. informational table showing disease name, symptoms, pathogen/cause, and management of syngonium diseases.          articles sycamore diseases by gary w. moorman, ph.d. informational table showing disease name, symptoms, pathogen/cause, and management of sycamore diseases.          articles pesticide toxicity because pesticides can be toxic, they are also potentially hazardous to humans and animals.    







personalize
                your experience with penn state extension and stay informed of
                the latest in agriculture. newslettersign up for our newsletter: subscribe college of agricultural sciences
the pennsylvania state university
323 agricultural administration building
university park, pa 16802penn state extension on facebookpenn state extension on linkedinpenn state extension on twitterpenn state extension on youtubeinstagram
 about
                            extension
                        aboutleadershipcareersextension newspresscounty offices
                            customer service
                        help centerlogin problemsmanage email preferencescontact usother
                            programs
                        pennsylvania 4-hbetter kid caremaster gardeners
 youth safetyprivacy and legal statementsveterinary advice statementaccessibility© 2025 the pennsylvania state university email address is required to loginplease enter your email address below to create account.email sign in   







































































