




 

 
 








st. joseph hospital orange  | providence









 

































englishespañol







languages


english


español











skip to main content
 




















provide your location


we'll use your location to find clinics, hospitals and doctors closest to you.







zip code or city






















mychart    






pay my bill    






careers    










 









 
                                    my account
                                
 













 
 
 













 



















popular searches





quick links

























find a doctor    






locations    







services    












cancer    




heart & vascular    




neurosciences    




orthopedics    




primary care    






pediatrics    




maternity    




urgent care    




view all    









get care    












see a doctor    




same day care    




get care virtually    




download providence app    




schedule with mychart     









billing support    












online bill pay    




help paying your bill    




get a price estimate    








pay my bill    






mychart    






careers    

























popular searches





quick links











 

 








 






                                st. joseph hospital orange
                            






st. joseph hospital orange


about us




community benefit
recognition






our departments






women imaging center
bariatric surgery program
behavioral health inpatient services
behavioral health outpatient services
cardiac catheterization lab






cancer center
center for clinical research
center for pelvic health
emergency services
view all








patients and visitors




accepted insurance
advance care planning
medical records
health and wellness resource center
visitation guidelines






classes & events


contact us


for medical staff


st. joseph hospital foundation


testimonials


more


















 







 











            providence st. joseph hospital orange
        




















            4.8
                  |  15,460 ratings        







1100 w stewart dr, orange, ca 92868



            7864.1 miles away
        




            714-771-8000
        




        714-771-8000

    







            providence st. joseph hospital orange
        




















            4.8
                  |  15,460 ratings        














714-771-8000




1100 w stewart dr, orange, ca 92868



            7864.1 miles away
        



 



 
















                            overview
                        

                            classes and events
                        

                            ways to give
                        






                                    overview
                                    








driven by the founding principles of compassion and excellence in care, providence st. joseph hospital continues to push the boundaries of medical innovation and medical triumph. our dedication to service has made us a pioneer in delivering exceptional care to our community.
since our founding by the sisters of st. joseph of orange in 1929, st. joseph hospital has welcomed generations of babies, treated serious injuries and illnesses, performed unprecedented procedures and invested in cutting-edge facilities, technology, research, and clinical trials to ensure our patients receive superior care.
our nationally recognized programs in cancer treatment, kidney transplant, heart and vascular care, women’s services, spine and neurology, orthopedics and more, paired with our four-time magnet designation as a nursing center of excellence, make st. joseph hospital one of the most-trusted hospitals in the region.
st. joseph hospital continues to set the standard for medical care and offers some of the most comprehensive services and programs in orange county while delivering the best outcomes for our patients. 



learn more about us 








                                    classes and events
                                    








we offer a full spectrum of classes and programs to help support patients. 














                                    ways to give
                                    








today, southern california depends on providence st. joseph more than ever. our 5,000 caregivers, medical staff and volunteers provide award-winning, compassionate care with a focus on delivering the best possible outcomes for patients.
supporting providence st. joseph means you are investing in a hospital that has a long-standing reputation for quality and innovation led by values of compassion and service. 
if you’d like more information about the providence st. joseph hospital foundation, please contact us at sjofoundation@providence.org or 714-347-7900.
make a donation   learn more about the foundation 








 

current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}


 











view all departments 
 



our medical groupsat the core of each of our medical groups is dedication to personalized, compassionate, comprehensive health care. we strive to meet the needs of the communities we serve, providing care when you need it, where you need it, and with specialized expertise.

st. joseph heritage medical group
st. joseph hospital affiliated physicians
 

 







recognition 









u.s. news & world report - los angeles metro best regional hospital in 14 types of care (2024-25)









american college of radiology (acr) - radiation oncology accredited facility









blue cross blue shield (bcbs) blue distinction center - bariatric surgery







see all recognition 
 












patient stories 












“i'm happy to report that of all the hospitals i've experienced in california, st. joseph is by far the highest rated in my book, hands down ...  read more












“your hospital is number one and i would not hesitate to recommend to family or friends. keep up the great work you people are doing...  read more












“this staff is the most loving and caring group to each other, to their patients and to me. i honestly mean this. it is always a joy to be with them ...  read more



















patient portalmanage your care with mychartmychart makes it easy to get care and manage your health including checking in for your next appointment. at any time, on any device you can:

message your care team
manage appointments
view test results
renew prescriptions
pay bills

learn more about mychart benefits. sign up now 

 

current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





looking for a different location? 





                        set your location to find care near you. your location:
                    







zip code or city








 











find another location 
 









                            latest news
                        

                            from our blog
                        






                                    latest news
                                    
















                        public notice: magnet recognition program site visit
                    

                            2/12/2025
                        









                        resources for those affected by wildfires
                    

                            1/14/2025
                        
support for those affected by the southern california wildfires








                        providence st. joseph hospital orange and mission hospital awarded comprehensive cardiac certification from the joint commission
                    

                            11/15/2024
                        
this milestone is yet another example of the exceptional standards we uphold across our ministries and in orange county said brian helleland, chief executive of providence orange county/high desert.








                        world’s first spine surgery performed at providence st. joseph hospital using ecential robotics’ open spine robot
                    

                            8/1/2024
                        
world's first spine surgery performed at providence st. joseph hospital orange.







view more news from st. joseph hospital 
 









                                    from our blog
                                    

















                        mental health in the black community
                    

                            2/14/2025
                        
explore the stigma around mental health in black communities and find supportive resources and tools available to help. learn more from providence.








                        pink eye vs. allergies: what’s causing my symptoms?
                    

                            1/31/2025
                        
suffering from red, itchy and watery eyes? learn how to tell the difference between pink eye and eye allergies.








                        telecritical care ensures the best care, anytime, anywhere
                    

                            1/24/2025
                        
telecritical care at providence collaborates with critical care teams at smaller local hospitals to provide specialized 24/7 monitoring and care.








                        comprehensive guide to winter illness
                    

                            1/22/2025
                        
explore our comprehensive guide to winter illnesses, including flu and rsv, as well as prevention and care tips to stay healthy this season.




 








 






















our mission
as expressions of god's healing love, witnessed through the ministry of jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. 







our values
compassion, dignity, justice, excellence, integrity. learn more about our mission, vision and values. 






contact us 









across providence 

about us 

health equity 

initiatives 

annual report to our communities 

community health needs assessments and improvement plans 

our doctors 

our nurses 









resources 

for caregivers  (our employees) 

careers 

physician & provider careers 

supplier portal 

classes and events 

online bill pay & financial assistance 

get a price estimate 

price transparency 

read our blog 




















connect with us 

 

 

 

 

 







disclaimer 

terms of use & privacy policy 

notice of nondiscrimination and communication assistance 

notice of privacy practices 

patient rights  





©2025 providence. all rights reserved.
 














