




















  

empowering nurse-led innovation to transform health




 































                nursing
            





our commitmenttoggle menu


championing nursing as an innovative, high-impact, purpose-driven career
catalyzing a healthy work environment
diversifying, supporting and developing the nursing workforce
mental health & well-being resources


news & programstoggle menu


how we support nursing innovation
subscribe: notes on nursing newsletter
listen: see you now podcast
nurse innovation hackathons
nurse innovation fellowship
nurse practitioner entrepreneur program
nursing workforce solutions
quickfire challenge series


nursing school resourcestoggle menu


nursing schools & programs
nursing degrees
paying for nursing school
– nursing scholarships
– financial aid for nursing school
online nurse education
how to apply to nursing school
how to prepare for the nclex


nursing career guidancetoggle menu


why become a nurse?
find your nursing career path
how much do nurses make?: salaries by state
nursing as a second career
more nursing career faqs


nursing specialtiestoggle menu


 quiz: what type of nurse should i be?
explore in-demand nursing specialties
– crna / nurse anesthetist
– family nurse practitioner
– infection control nurse
– international travel nursing
– labor and delivery (l&d) nurse
– oncology nurse
– orthopedic nurse
– pediatric nurse
– perioperative nurse
– psychiatric nurse practitioner
– trauma nurse
explore all nursing specialties





toggle menu






















                subscribe to notes on nursing, our monthly news digest.
            
subscribe



























proudly advocating for, elevating and empowering all nurses to drive transformative healthcare change


































                        our commitment to nurses
                    

                        johnson & johnson has proudly championed the nursing profession for over 125 years, because we believe you are the backbone of health systems worldwide and critical in transforming healthcare.→ learn more about our commitment to nurses








in the spotlight










apply by february 21, 2025!

this team-based program leverages aacn’s clinical scene investigator (csi) academy to advance nurse satisfaction, retention and healthy work environments (hwes). sixty frontline teams will participate in this 18-month program. applications for the program are now open.

learn more here













applications now open!

supported by johnson & johnson and powered by penn nursing and the wharton school, the nurse innovation fellowship is a ground-breaking, one-year, team-based nursing fellowship for nurse leaders. the goal of the fellowship is to power-up nurse-led innovation and leadership within health systems to drive transformative change in the healthcare work environment so nurses and patients can thrive. applications close february 17, 2025.

learn more here













register for the nursehack4health tech-a-thon at himss25!

join the inaugural nursehack4health tech-a-thon, presented by sonsiel, johnson and johnson, and microsoft, on march 6, 2025. break down silos and tackle healthcare's most pressing issues through technology and innovation methodologies!

sign up here













nursing leaders innovation and design futures workshop at aonl 2025

register today for a specialized program designed to equip and empower nursing leaders with the skills to proactively address the dynamic challenges of healthcare and anticipate future trends within their organizations. this preconference workshop is presented by johnson & johnson and sonsiel.

learn more













access nurse and allied health clinical education & leadership resources

the empowor program provides courses developed to equip learners facing the challenges of today’s healthcare.

learn more













nursing school & career resources








nursing scholarships

we are proud to partner with the foundation of the national student nurses' association (fnsna) to provide scholarships to increase representation in the nursing profession and improve health equity.the johnson & johnson andrea e. higham memorial nursing scholarshipour race to health equity diversity nursing scholarshipsthe undergraduate general scholarship and promise of nursing program

learn about other financial assistance opportunities











find your path

are you considering a nursing career but unsure of where to start? discovering your nursing career path is the first step towards a fulfilling and rewarding career in healthcare. with various nursing specialties and career paths to choose from, getting into a nursing program is the next step towards achieving your goals.

get started here











nursing schools

there are numerous nursing schools and programs available throughout the country, providing a wide range of nursing classes, degrees and certifications to choose from. use the tools below to explore best colleges for nursing and the best nursing programs based on the criteria that fit your specific needs and career goals.

explore nursing schools here











paying for nursing school

there are many kinds of financial assistance available, including nursing grants and scholarships, to help you on your path to a nursing career.

see scholarships & financial aid opportunities here











nursing programs & degrees

nursing programs & degreeswhen considering a future nursing career, it's important to explore the different nursing programs available and the paths they offer. with various options like associate degree programs, bachelor's degree programs, and direct-entry master's degree programs, prospective students can choose the educational path that best suits their goals and interests.

search degrees & programs here














nursing career guidance

explore these resources about careers in nursing:why be a nurse?nursing career faqsnursing salary mapfind your nursing career path









find your nursing specialty

no matter how far you are in your nursing journey, there’s a specialty to suit you. start the quiz by choosing one of these which describes you.

take the quiz now







explore these popular nursing specialties






certified registered nurse anesthetist (crna)











family nurse practitioner (fnp)











oncology nurse











psychiatric nurse practitioner










see all specialties






latest nursing news & innovation









nurses leading innovation


scaling success: six steps for nurse-led care delivery transformation

a new toolkit from the institute of healthcare improvement and supported by johnson & johnson foundation provides actionable steps for nurse leaders to scale innovative care models that improve both patient outcomes and nurse satisfaction. below, explore six steps for engaging frontline staff and building cross-disciplinary teams to foster sustainable and impactful change.
2025-02-05t17:54:52.369z










nurses leading innovation


embracing ai in nursing: a look toward the future

as ai-based technologies help to solve complex problems, it’s essential that systems emphasize the importance of collaboration between nurses and ai developers to ensure care is delivered compassionately, equitably, and safely.
2025-01-08t21:32:45.678z










nurses leading innovation


meet the 2024 nh4h awardees: two nurse-led innovations transforming care and empowering the profession

in an inspiring display of nursing innovation, the nurse-led teams from the ghanaian-diaspora nursing alliance and seattle children’s hospital have together been awarded a combined $185,500 in grant funding through the third annual nursehack4health pitch-a-thon. meet the two teams here.
2024-11-11t16:47:26.591z






read more articles here









see you now podcast


episode 121: ai in play: smarter care

in this episode, part of our of our "ai in play" series, hear how generative ai powers advanced conversational agents that transform healthcare by offering multilingual support, addressing workforce shortages, and connecting patients to care in innovative ways.

listen now







continuing education credits

through our partners and educational grants provided to independent, accredited continuing education (ce) providers, johnson & johnson is making resources available to nurses to focused on key areas.















the empowor program, provided by jnjinstitute.com, is designed to provide nurses and allied health professionals with clinical education and leadership resources.
learn more here













free online course for nursing students and new nurses focused on foundational resilience-building skills, including identifying red flags of stress, overcoming barriers to accessing mental health services, and more.
learn more here













this free continuing education initiative through cmeo educates clinicians on unconscious bias and healthcare disparities to improve patient care.
learn more here













supported by the johnson & johnson foundation, the sigma nurse empowerment program offers up to 17.5 hours of free ncpd through a virtual, non-clinical training program for frontline nurses who wish to develop in their current role or are interested in taking on new roles.
learn more here




















©johnson & johnson services, inc. 2024. this site is published by johnson & johnson services, inc., which is solely responsible for its contents. this site is intended for u.s. residents only. links on this site may take you to a website where our privacy policy does not apply. we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit. cookie settingsour commitment to nursesvisit jnj.com






contact us



nursing career faqs



privacy policy



legal notice



cookie policy



do not sell or share my personal information



limit the use of my sensitive personal information





follow us


jnjnursing



jnjnursing



jnjnursing










subscribe to notes on nursing, our monthly news digest.

subscribe


i'm already subscribed










plus
















minus

























facebook



google plus






certification







thinking





well trained


















instagram





tumblr





youtube







mail to







linkedin





youtube





pinterest





x





share

















facebook alt



twitter alt





mail to alt







copy link icon





list view icon











grid view icon










favorite icon







