












home | marunde muscle

























































home
blog

strength sports

athletics
contestants
strong men


the talk


competitions

competitions and championships
strongman super series


forum

forum closure notice


about us
contact us












 




 





home
blog

strength sports

athletics
contestants
strong men


the talk


competitions

competitions and championships
strongman super series


forum

forum closure notice


about us
contact us
 






 













welcome to marunde muscle 
							explore site 
							a website dedicated to strongman competition 
							 


learn the ropes 
							get expert advice from our resident trainers 
							get help 
							 


get pumped up 
							with the most recent strongman news 
							visit blog 
							 








					stats and highlights		    

we have a large collection of stats and figures about strongman competitions held since its inception. need a source to verify your information? ask our experts, they're here to help.





					verified sources		    

our excellent team of writers, editors and researchers work closely together in order to present just the facts, backed by extensive research with quotes coming directly from source.





					content on demand		    

want details to the latest happenings in the strongman competitions? get it delivered straight to your mailbox and be the first to know. never miss out on great events again -guaranteed.


about jesse marundehe was an american strongman athlete, who was considered a legend in the field of strength athletics. he is also known to be the youngest to achieve the certified “captain of crush” status.
latest from our blog


allathleticscontestantsmarunde musclestrength sportsstrong menthe talkall          athletics          contestants          marunde muscle          strength sports          strong men          the talk          

2019-01-24dangers of relying on athletic performance enhancers2018-05-17strength sports that are extremely dangerous2018-04-123 signs you are obsessed with strength sports2018-03-08world’s strongest men from the year 2000 till date2018-02-01facts about strength athletics2017-12-285 strength sports that are good for you


strongman champions from 2000 to 2017



meet the team


here are some of the few good men and women running the show here.










								eddie vader is a gym buff, who started body building at a very young age. he has been following the world's strongest man event every single year.                            


							eddie vader			        
contributor


 







								spencer loves exercising his brain muscles by always coming up with something cool to add to his projects. he has the final say on everything that goes on this site.                            


							spencer holmes			        
creative director


 







								kriska is a professional registered sports nutritionist in the united states. she started taking up crossfit training to test her new sports nutrition regimen which she herself formulated.                            


							kriska gorayev			        
sports nutritionist


 






supported streaming services



the world of gay missionaries. this fantasy taboo is the whole point of this series. innocent, but very naive boys are becoming men, gay men in these scenarios. cult leadership is full of pride in its ways of treating these fit boys. the ultimate taboo fantasy of many is now alive. you can see what kind of rituals and procedures are being made inside the cults.
https://missionaryboys.org







europe being known for its kinky approach to adult’s entertainment is presenting you the most up to date productions in genres that are tickling the minds and cravings in today’s culture. watch all the best european performers having unlimited fun.
https://dhdtube.com






the world of interracial creampies in 4k hd quality. everything you wanted to see when it comes big black guys and white girls in stunning crystal clear quality. watch the brand new videos that debuted right in 2020 and are going to change the genre for ever! are you ready to enter the world of bbcpie?
https://bbcpie.org







the best of the parties from across the pond. watch girls having no limits in fun they get on their nights out. raw footage, real male strippers and so much of action! you can’t script that and this is what brought so much fame to dancing bear content in the first place.
https://bearsdance.com






something for grown up men and those who know their tastes. with devil tgirls you are sure enjoy the finest content in this world. transgender girls full of sexual appetite and seduction are ready to welcome you to the world of no limits. let them guide you through the pleasure path you never experienced before.
https://deviltgirls.org







the most absurd hazing rituals done on girls by… other girls. watch the user submitted footage of sexual mocking when things get a bit out of control. you want to end up in the cool chicks gang? you better play along and show your worth!
https://hazeforher.com






transgender models showing their true desires when it comes to spending time with both men and women. watch them seduce, use and sometimes kind of abuse their partners in this fantasy driven exclusive series called trans angels. the most beautiful t-girls, the most graphic ways of having fun.
https://angeltransex.com







the filthiest and messiest gangbang finishes ever recorded. watch multiple guys on the mission to bang a single girl and fill her up with some cream. no excuse actions that leave you speechless. this is what real nasty fun is all about!
https://creamgangs.com






hunting right on streets of european cities. this is how these agents keep scoring the finest and the most natural ladies out there. just flash them some money and pretend you can make them famous. both of these things and you are good to enjoy some public kind of fun!
https://1publicagent.com







absurd adventures of some random dude and girl cruising in a van. she lures naive straight guys and he gets to bang them. this is how you define gay for pay and it’s exactly what happens inside!
https://busgay.com


we want to hear from youwe welcome your comments, suggestions or questions regarding the world’s strongest man competition, which we actively support. clicking the button will lead you to our contact page.
send us a quick message




name:





email:





message:





send message
thank you #, message sent! 








copyright © 2017 all rights reserved marunde muscle





terms and conditions





privacy policy





we use cookies



 



































