


waterfallswest.com - waterfalls of the western u.s.a. and canada






















deep calls to deep
in the roar of your waterfalls;
all your waves and breakers
have swept over me.
psalm 42:7





welcome!
welcome waterfall lovers!
these pages describe all the waterfalls i have seen in the western u.s.
and canada. 
in the usa, i have waterfall photographs from california,
 oregon,  arizona,
 washington,  montana,
 idaho,  new york,
 wyoming,
 nevada,
 alaska,
and  hawaii.
from canada, i have pics from british columbia,
  alberta, and  ontario.
i currently have pictures of over 900
waterfalls on these pages.
this site is updated frequently, so keep checking
back. i hope that this site will help you in planning your own waterfall
quests, or you can just enjoy the beauty of god's wonderful creation
from your own home.

note: waterfalls on my site are organized by region. you can navigate
to waterfalls by selecting the regional maps for a state or province
on the above menu. if you are looking for a specific waterfall, select
the alphabetical index or use the search function.
for more information click here.

please read my warning and disclaimer before
visiting waterfalls found on my website.




waterfall
of the month

woods creek falls
kings canyon np, ca







google/facebook login
mar 18, 2024. you can now use google or facebook to login to my website. you do not need to create an account on 
waterfallswest if you do not want to (but you still can if you wish). you will still need to make a 
payment for a subscription to access all paid location data information on my website. if you
have a paid account already you can still use google/fb login and your accounts will automatically
be synced but only if your email is the same. you must first update your email in your legacy account
before logging into google/fb. please read more about this on my frequently asked questions page.
in addition, i have added weather forecasts to each waterfall page. click the button above the map and a 3 day forecast will display for that waterfall location. in addition, i updated the elevation profile for waterfall hikes to make them better, and also, i made it easier to rank each waterfall and these will now show up in google search results! please help out and rank all the waterfalls you have visited over the years. if you will take the time to rank all the waterfalls you have visited then i will give you 3 months free of a paid subscription. if you have a paid account i will extend your expiry
date by 3 months, and if you do not currently have a paid account i will still give you 3 months
free. it only takes two mouse clicks on each page to rank the waterfall. thank you!

important account information
jun. 1, 2020. this site is now free! with a free account, you have access to 
everything on the site except for location information. with a paid subscription, you have access to all location data:
directions, gps co-ordinates, downloadable gpx/kml routes, and maps. 
please consider helping me to support this site with a paid subscription. 
the cost is only $20/year for a paid subscription, which i hope you agree this is very reasonable. it takes a lot of effort and
money to maintain this website and provide you with all this valuable information.
please read my frequently asked questions page. you can 
create your new waterfalls account here. (if you have created an account in the past, you should not need to create a new one)

in addition, i made some other changes to the website. you can now rank each waterfall that you have been to, and give more details in writing 
a review of each waterfall. you can also add a profile picture to your account if you wish.


books

please check out my new published books!
the best 40 off the beaten path waterfalls of california's gold country, and
yosemite national park.

if you purchase any book, then
you will receive a free one year basic subscription to my website.

gallery

please check out my on-line gallery!
help support this website and purchase fine art prints of some of my 
waterfall photographs. i also have enlargements for sale of
other scenic landscape pictures, plus a waterfalls wall
calendar. in addition, you can also license any of my photos
for commercial use.
if you purchase any print from my gallery, of value $60 or more, then
you will receive a free one year basic subscription to my website.





best of the west
		
		the top 50 waterfalls in the western u.s.a. and canada,
		which i have visited. click here.   
		
		
		







recent updates
easy   moderate   strenuous   unknown 

   feb 10, 2025
knickerbocker falls   auburn, auburn state recreation area, ca
   feb 1, 2025
cherry creek falls   rocky mountain forest district, kimberley, bc
feather falls   oroville, feather falls scenic area, plumas national forest, ca
kenebec creek falls   nevada city, south yuba river state park, ca
marysville falls   rocky mountain forest district, marysville, bc
sweetbriar falls   sweetbriar, ca
   dec 27, 2024
turtle creek falls   red bluff, sacramento river bend, ca
lower american canyon creek falls   auburn, auburn state recreation area, ca
   dec 6, 2024
ravine twin falls   oroville, north table mountain wildlife area, ca
lower cherokee creek falls   downieville, tahoe national forest, ca
flag falls   oroville, north table mountain wildlife area, ca
whiskeytown falls   redding, whiskeytown lake, whiskeytown national recreation area, ca
cataract falls   fairfax, mt. tamalpais, marin municipal water district, ca
ravine falls   oroville, north table mountain wildlife area, ca
phantom falls   oroville, north table mountain wildlife area, ca
   oct 19, 2024
upper south fork woods creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
middle bubbs creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
little bubbs creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
south fork woods creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
baxter creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
bubbs creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
upper bubbs creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
upper woods creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
arrow creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
woods creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
lower bubbs creek falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
mist falls   cedar grove, kings canyon national park, ca
   oct 10, 2024
sly park falls   pollock pines, el dorado irrigation district, sly park recreation area, ca
   aug 19, 2024
grass lake falls   south lake tahoe, lake tahoe basin, desolation wilderness, el dorado national forest, ca
illilouette falls   yosemite village, yosemite national park, ca
lower illilouette falls   yosemite village, yosemite national park, ca
upper glen alpine falls   south lake tahoe, lake tahoe basin, ca



my waterfall pages

british columbia
   alberta
   ontario
   california
   nevada
   oregon
   washington
   montana
   idaho
   hawaii
   arizona
   wyoming
   new york
   alaska












