ï»¿




the official site of the negro spirituals, antique gospel music









history-
                singers-
                home-
                composers-
                songs-
                search-
                shop
























 



  this site is devoted to traditional african american spirituals, and some information is given about the early gospel songs. the parts of this site are:
 history, how the spirituals change is linked to the history of african american
 singers at various periods
 composers during and after the slavery period
 search gives the lyrics of over 200 traditional spirituals
 shop to acquire books and records of spirituals 
before 1865
the tunes and the beats, before 1865
the tunes and the beats of negro spirituals and gospel songs are highly influenced by the music of their actual cultural environment. it means that their styles are continuously changing.
the very first negro spirituals were inspired by african music even if the tunes were not far from those of hymns. some of them, which were called "shouts" were accompanied with typical dancing including hand clapping and foot tapping. 




shouts
after 
                  regular a worship service, congregations used to stay for a 
                  "ring shout". it was a survival of primitive african dance. 
                  so, educated ministers and members placed a ban on it. the men 
                  and women arranged themselves in a ring. the music started, 
                  perhaps with a spiritual, and the ring began to move, at first 
                  slowly, then with quickening pace. the same musical phrase was 
                  repeated over and over for hours. this produced an ecstatic 
                  state. women screamed and fell. men, exhausted, dropped out 
                  of the ring 


some 
              african american religious singing at this time was referred as 
              a "moan" (or a "groan"). moaning (or groaning) does not imply pain. 
              it is a kind of blissful rendition of a song, often mixed with humming 
              and spontaneous melodic variation.



the 
      lyrics before 1865
in 
        the early nineteenth century, african americans were involved in the "second 
        awakening". they met in camp meetings and sang without any hymnbook. spontaneous 
        songs were composed on the spot. they were called "spiritual songs and 
        the term "sperichil" (spiritual) appeared for the first time in the book 
        "slave songs of the united states" (by allen, ware, garrison, 1867).
as 
        negro spirituals are christian songs, most of them concern what the bible 
        says and how to live with the spirit of god. for example, the "dark days 
        of bondage" were enlightened by the hope and faith that god will not leave 
        slaves alone.
by 
        the way, african americans used to sing outside of churches. during slavery 
        and afterwards, slaves and workers who were working at fields or elsewhere 
        outdoors, were allowed to sing "work songs". this was the case, when they 
        had to coordinate their efforts for hauling a fallen tree or any heavy 
        load. even prisoners used to sing "chain gang" songs when they worked 
        on the road or on some construction project.
but 
        some "drivers" also allowed slaves to sing "quiet" songs, if they were 
        not apparently against slaveholders. such songs could be sung either by 
        only one soloist or by several slaves. they were used for expressing personal 
        feeling and for cheering one another. so, even at work, slaves could sing 
        "secret messages". this was the case of negro spirituals, which were sung 
        at church, in meetings, at work and at home.
the 
        meaning of these songs was most often covert. therefore, only christian 
        slaves understood them, and even when ordinary words were used, they reflected 
        personal relationship between the slave singer and god. 
the 
        codes of the first negro spirituals are often related with an escape to 
        a free country. for example, a "home" is a safe place where everyone can 
        live free. so, a "home" can mean heaven, but it covertly means a sweet 
        and free country, a haven for slaves.
the 
        ways used by fugitives running to a free country were riding a "chariot 
        or a "train". 
the 
        negro spirituals "the gospel train" and "swing low, sweet chariot" which 
        directly refer to the underground railroad, an informal organization who 
        helped many slaves to flee. 
the 
        lyrics of "the gospel train" are "she is coming... get onboard... there's 
        room for many more..." this is a direct call to go way, by riding a "train" 
        which stops at "stations".
then, 
        "swing low, sweet chariot" refers to ripley, a "station" of the underground 
        railroad, where fugitive slaves were welcome. this town is atop a hill, 
        by ohio river, which is not easy to cross. so, to reach this place, fugitives 
        had to wait for help coming from the hill. the words of this spirituals 
        say, "i looked over jordan and what did i see/ coming for to carry me home/ 
        a band of angels coming after me"
here 
        is an example of a negro spiritual and its covert meaning:



there 
              is a balm in gilead
this 
              is a well-known negro spiritual, which has an interesting meaning.
the 
              "balm in gilead" is quoted in the old testament, but the lyrics 
              of this spiritual refer to the new testament (jesus, holy spirit, 
              peter, and paul). this difference is interesting to comment. in 
              the old testament, the balm of gilead cannot heal sinners. in the 
              new testament, jesus heals everyone who comes to him.
so, 
              in the book of jeremiah, several verses speak about gilead. in chapter 
              22, v. 6 and 13: the lord says (about the palace of the king of 
              judea) "though you are like gilead to me, like the summit of lebanon, 
              i will surely make you like a desert, like towns inhabited... woe 
              to him who builds his palace by unrighteousness, making his countrymen 
              work for nothing, not paying them for their labour".
in 
              the same book of jeremiah, chapter 46, v. 2 and 11, "this is the 
              message (of the lord) against the army of pharaoh neco ... go up to 
              gilead and get balm, o virgin daughter of egypt, but you multiply 
              remedies in vain; here is no healing for you".
in 
              the new testament, the four gospels say that jesus healed many people 
              whatever their conditions: he can heal the poor. a christian who 
              feels the spirit must share its faith and "preach", like peter and 
              paul.





 
between 1865 and 1925
the 
        lyrics between 1865 and 1925
spirituals 
        were sung at churches with an active participation of the congregation 
        (as it is usual in a pentecostal church). their lyrics mainly remain 
        similar to those of the first negro spirituals.
they 
        were often embellished and they were also called either "church songs" 
        or "jubilees" or "holy roller songs". but some hymns were changed by african 
        american and became "dr watts"



dr 
              watts
dr isaac watts was an english minister who published several books: "hymns and spiritual songs", in 1707, "the psalms of david" in 1717. the various protestant denominations adopted his hymns, which were included in several hymnals, at that time. 
missionaries 
              reported on the "ecstatic delight" slaves took in singing the psalms 
              and hymns of dr watts.
in 
              his book "the religious instruction of the negroes in the united 
              states" (1842), the white minister charles colock jones recommended 
              highly some hymns of dr watts ("when i can read my title clear", 
              etc.). he wrote: "one great advantage in teaching them (slaves) 
              good psalms and hymns, is that they are thereby induced to lay aside 
              the extravagant and nonsensical chants, and catches and hallelujah 
              songs of their own composing".
however, 
              in the early 1800s, black ministers took seriously the admonition 
              of dr isaac watts: "ministers are to cultivate gifts of preaching 
              and prayer through study and diligence; they ought also to cultivate 
              the capacity of composing spiritual songs and exercise it along 
              with the other parts of the worship, preaching and prayer". so, 
              homiletic spirituals were created by preachers and taught to the 
              congregation by them or by deacons.
during 
              the post-civil war period and later, some congregation conducted 
              services without hymnbooks. a deacon (or precentor) set the pitch 
              and reminded the words in half-singing half-chanting stentorian 
              tones. the people called their songs "long-meter hymns (because 
              the tempo was very low) or "dr watts", even if they have not been 
              written by this gentleman.



the 
          particular feature of this kind of singing was its surging, melismatic 
          melody, punctuated after each praise by the leader's intoning of the 
          next line of the hymn. the male voices doubled the female voices an 
          octave below and with the thirds and the fifths occurring when individuals 
          left the melody to sing in a more comfortable range. the quality of 
          the singing was distinctive for its hard, full-throated and/or nasal 
          tones with frequent exploitation of falsetto, growling, and moaning.
the 
        beats of dr watt's songs were slow, while there are other types of spirituals. 
        these beats are usually classed in three groups:
        - 
      the "call and response chant",
      - 
      the slow, sustained, long-phrase melody,
      - 
      and the syncopated, segmented melody,
      - "call and response"
for 
        a "call and response chant", the preacher (leader) sings one verse and 
        the congregation (chorus) answers him with another verse. 
an 
        example of such songs is "swing low, sweet chariot":



swing low sweet chariot
lead: 
              swing low, sweet chariot
chorus: 
              coming for to carry me home
lead: 
              swing low, sweet chariot
chorus: 
              coming for to carry me home
lead: 
              if you get there before i do
chorus: 
              coming for to carry me home
lead: 
              tell all my friends, i'm coming too
chorus: 
              coming for to carry me home



- 
        "slow and long-phrase song"
here 
        are some examples of negro spirituals with a slow, long-phase melody.
mp3

        "i'm troubled in mind", by spiritual workshop paris, click 
        here

        - "syncopated melody"
for 
        the syncopated, segmented melody, the tempo is usually fast and the rhythm 
        features a "swing". this concerns spirituals sung at church, by a group 
        (not by a soloist). the rhythm of such a spiritual is based on the swinging 
        of head and body. the swaying of the body marks the regular beat, but 
        more or less strict in time. the singer takes the fundamental beat, almost 
        monotonously, with his left hand, while he juggles it with his right hand
mp3
"heaven" 
        by joanne stephenson, acc. lorna young-wright click 
        here
between 
        1865 and 1925, many tunes were arranged as classical european pieces for 
        choirs. some negro spirituals had been sung during worship services.
here 
        are negro spirituals sung by a congregation during a worship service.
mp3
"his 
        eye is on the sparrow", click here

between 1925 and 1985
the lyrics 
        between 1925 and 1985
as 
        traditional negro spirituals continued to be sung, new gospel songs were 
        created. the lyrics of these new songs dealt with praising the lord, with 
        personal improvement and with brotherly community life. many of them were 
        inspired by social problems: segregation, lack of love, drugs, etc.
for 
        the struggle for civil rights, in the 1960s, negro spirituals like "we 
        shall overcome", "oh freedom" and "this little light of mine" used to 
        be sung. 
sometimes 
        the words of traditional negro spirituals were slightly changed and adapted 
        to special events. for example, the words of "joshua fought the battle 
        of jericho (and the walls came tumbling down)" were changed into "marching 
        'round selma".



marching 'round selma
marching 'round selma like jericho,
jericho, 
              jericho
              marching 'round selma like jericho
              for segregation wall must fall
              look at people answering
to 
              the freedom fighters call
black, 
              brown and white american say
segregation 
              must fall
good 
              evening freedom's fighters
tell 
              me where you're bound
tell 
              me where you're marching
"from 
              selma to montgomery town



during 
        this period, some gospel songs were more secular. they were included in 
        shows like "tambourine to glory" (by langston hughes). in the 1970s, mainly 
        edwin hawkins ("oh happy day") created the "pop-gospel"â». this type of 
        singing needs several instruments to accompany the singers who are often 
        assembled in choirs.
the music 
        between 1925 and 1985
between 
        1925 and 1985, negro spirituals were sung in local communities. some scientists, 
        such as alan lomax and john lomax, collected them, as they were spontaneous 
        performed.
at 
        the same time, composers, such as john w. work, arranged their tunes. 
        some of these composers , such 
        as jester 
        hairston, were influenced by the black renaissance. this means that 
        their arrangements were influenced by the european classic music.
after 
        1925, artists created gospel songs, which were either "soul" or "hard 
        beat". the number of instruments accompanying singers increased. 
after 1985
some composers, such as moses 
          hogan, arranged traditional negro spirituals.
the 
        new gospel songs created after 1985 are of two types. the first type concerns 
        songs, which are for either worship services or special events in churches. 
        the second type includes songs, which are for concerts. they are more 
        or less secular even when they speak of christian life.

this 
          section is organized 
          by spiritual workshop, paris (france)

contact us



























history-
                singers-
                home-
                composers-
                songs-
                search-
                shop





