




  


national literacy trust | uk literacy charity












































skip to content



we use necessary cookies that allow our site to work. we also set optional cookies that help us improve our website.
for more information about the types of cookies we use, and to manage your preferences, visit our cookies policy here.

accept all cookies
cookie settings

































































join us
|
login


donate




what we do

                            what we do
                            





















for teachers, schools and early years

early years
primary
secondary
training and workshops



for communities and local areas

our approach
hubs and regional campaigns
adult literacy
criminal justice



for parents and families




                                            parent portal: words for life
                                        




policy and campaigning

policy work
campaigns



research

research services
research reports





resources

                            resources
                            





















search for literacy resources
search by keyword for literacy resources to support your teaching.

search

search



resources for teachers, schools and early years

early years
primary
secondary
2024 - 2025 teaching events calendar



activities for parents and families

activities for all ages
zone-in (for students aged 13+)
parent support
virtual school library





news and information

                            news and information
                            





















latest news

13 feb 2025
her majesty the queen visits the national literacy trust in middlesbrough

view all


latest from the blog

30 jan 2025
library lifeline part 23: the importance of sharing stories and reading time with younger children

view all


upcoming events

24 feb 2025
secondary cpd: developing narrative and descriptive writing in english

view all


literacy in the uk
literacy information and statistics for the uk.
learn moreabout literacy in the uk


media
contact us for media interviews, case studies and information.
learn more about media interviews, case studies and information.




support us

                            support us
                            





















how you can help

support our work
fundraising
corporate support





about us























national literacy trust
we empower people with the literacy skills they need to succeed in life. together we're helping people change their stories.






































over a decade of experience in middlesbrough
discover how we are 'bucking the trend' on reading for pleasure national statistics and changing children's life stories through the power of literacy in middlesbrough.

discover how




















reading for pleasure
together, we can grow a generation of readers so that no child is left behind.

discover how








how do we support teachers and practitioners?
discover top-quality school resources to help engage and inspire children in early years settings, primary and secondary classes.join our professional development training sessions and continually improve your teaching knowledge and skills. create a passion for books with our regular author events and creative programmes. together, we are helping children and young people change their stories. find out about national literacy trust membership.










early years

    
        
            
        
    
    
        resources and tools for early language development and parental engagement.
    

 learn more about early years. 










primary

    
        
            
        
    
    
        deliver outstanding literacy provision at primary school stage.
    

 learn more about primary. 










secondary

    
        
            
        
    
    
        help students develop the literacy skills they need to succeed at school and in their future lives.
    

 learn more about secondary. 






















we empower parents and families
parents - you’re not alone! discover a wealth of practical tips to help your child’s literacy journey, fun activities to try together as well as reassuring support and guidance on our words for life website. we have plenty of creative ways to nurture your child’s reading, speaking, listening and writing development at home.

head over to words for life




















we collaborate with communities and local areas
we work collaboratively in 20 areas of the uk that face the biggest challenges with literacy and where we can make the most difference. we work alongside teachers and football coaches, to librarians and youth leaders - to create bespoke solutions that support literacy at home, in school and in the community.

discover more





















fundraising
we believe literacy is for everyone. we are committed to changing as many lives as possible through the transforming power of literacy. be part of our story and donate today, take on our challenge events or find out how your organisation can partner with us.

get involved


















policy and campaigning
we are proud to be a dynamic and fast-moving organisation that thinks creatively about how to inspire and engage people with literacy. we are the rallying cry to politicians and decision-makers to bring sustainable change. we work in partnerships of all kinds as we know this has the most impact.

learn more






















research
everything we do is underpinned by sound evidence and ground-breaking research on all aspects of literacy, from exploring the relationship between technology and literacy, to investigating the impact of role models on reading.

read our cutting-edge research


















criminal justice
we currently run four projects in prisons and young offender institutions – books unlocked, new chapters, inside stories with audible and readconnect. find out how these projects not only help to support and improve the literacy skills of participants but also build family connections, raises hope and enable people to share their stories.

discover more










latest news
view more news






news
her majesty the queen visits the national literacy trust in middlesbrough
her majesty the queen visits the national literacy trust in middlesbrough to celebrate how we are helping to “buck the trend” in the area with its reading for enjoyment programmes.
read more






news
the national literacy trust launches in salford!
the national literacy trust in salford, delivered in partnership with salford city council, aims to encourage more children and young people to discover a love of reading.
read more






news
our latest research reveals over half of children missing out on poetry benefits
our latest research shows that only half of children and young people are engaging with poetry in some form, meaning 1 in 2 are missing out on the significant benefits also revealed in the report.
read more










become a member of the national literacy trust
create a free account































contact
020 7587 1842
contact@literacytrust.org.uk












twitter












































accessibility help


terms and conditions


privacy policy


manage cookies




sign up to our newsletter




© national literacy trust

                        made by     
                        







the national literacy trust is a registered charity no. 1116260 and a company limited by guarantee no. 5836486 registered in england and wales and a registered charity in scotland no. sc042944.
registered address: 68 south lambeth road, london sw8 1rl.







