






sauk valley lakeside lodge in brooklyn michigan







 



















10750 prospect hill hwy, brooklyn, mi 49230
call us: (517) 467-2061











home  •  banquet facilities  •  our location






















welcome to sauk valley lakeside lodgebanquet facilities for your special event

we are located in the 
        beautiful irish hills of brooklyn, michigan.


 
































































		  our event venue with scenic surroundings make this an ideal 
        setting for weddings, family reunions, group gatherings, special events, and much more!
          we invite you and your group to experience the quiet beauty of its 
          rural setting. our eight hundred rolling, wooded acres bordering private 
        pickerel lake provide the perfect atmosphere for your group... through 
        all of nature's seasons.

we offer banquet facilities from a complete wedding ceremony and reception or other special event to a luncheon meeting 
		   and anything in between.
		   
	our wedding rental includes use of the facility on friday to decorate and rehearse and saturday for the ceremony and reception.  we have 300 chairs and 30 round tables in our dining area and 15 cocktail tables with chairs around the dance floor on the upper level.

for facility rates, available dates or to schedule a visit, please send an email to saukvalleylodge@gmail.com. if you would prefer, feel free to call us at (517) 467-2061.
		   









reserve our facility
	for wedding receptions and special events!

our facility includes wi-fi- high 
	speed
	wireless internet access 

our banquet facilities and wedding venue serves and is not limited to 
		  the areas of brooklyn, clarklake, jackson, adrian, tecumseh, monroe, 
		  grass lake, chelsea, holt, mason, and lansing michigan. this includes 
		  jackson county, lenawee county and other surrounding counties in 
		  michigan. we even have people use our beautiful venue that are from 
		  other locations including toledo, ohio. 

    if you would like to experience this beautiful and peaceful setting in 
    brooklyn, michigan,  please 
    come and visit us today! 

for more information 
	about our services or to reserve our facility, send an email to saukvalleylodge@gmail.com.if you would prefer, feel 
	 free to call (517) 467-2061. we look forward to hearing from you!

home  •  banquet facilities  •  our location























sauk valley lakeside lodge
10750 prospect hill hwy, brooklyn, mi 49230
    email: saukvalleylodge@gmail.comphone: (517) 467-2061
 mobile-friendly site

		
		copyright © 2017
- all rights reserved.
designed by: 
    hawthorne designs





