





lunker lure hawg caller


































skip to content




primary menu
store
pro tips
blog
about
news
contact























store
pro tips
blog
about
news
contact

















buzzbaits
the original lunker lure!!
shop now






jigs
unlimited options and combos
shop now






spinner baits
awesome fish-calling vibration
shop now






crappie fishing
we've got your crappie fishing covered
shop now

















we gotcha' coveredfrom top to bottom
visit store



buzzbait
the original





spinner bait





shakin shad





shakee head





jigs








tips from the pros





randy howell
fall is the time of the year that i once dreaded the most. i could catch bass good in the spring and summer, but when the late fall rolled around, would get very frustrated. i have learned that if i stay in one area while fishing during fall weather, i catch more fish. in spring and summer, i catch more fish moving around different parts of a lake.
randy's favorite lures






duke jenkel
pre-spawn and summer are my two favorite times to fish, and a hawg caller spinnerbait is perfect for fishing shallow, or slow rolling when fishing off-shore. when i fish off-shore, i never leave the dock without a lunker lure rattlin’ football jig tied on! my favorite is a ½ oz jig in peanut butter and jelly.
duke's favorite lures






go go gomez
the triple rattleback vibratron spinnerbait is my go-to fishing bait.  i never leave home without it tied to my fishing rod.  i slow roll it in dirty water, stained water, and clear water.  i also slow roll it on top of the surface using it like a buzzbait.  the vibration and rattles work together on this bait to attract fish.  it is my #1 bait to catch big bass all year long.
go go's favorite lures








what is lunker lure?

in january of 2000, two great regional bass lure companies joined forces to bring to the american angler a new excitement in fishing. hawg caller, originated in the carolinas, and lunker lure, a midwestern company, are now able to bring to you professional quality spinnerbaits, buzzbaits, and jigs.
lunker lure was founded 25 years ago in carterville, illinois and is known for the original lunker lure buzzbait. lunker lure has brought many new and unique products to the bass fishing market in its long history, including the rattleback series of products that are favored by professional anglers. new products are constantly being developed and anglers can always look forward to something new from lunker lure.
hawg caller has long been a favored bass lure in the carolinas primarily for the quality of this handmade lure. the hawg caller spinnerbaits and buzzbaits are hand crafted by experts, and hand painted with seven coats of paint and lacquer.
lunker lure/hawg caller has always been committed to producing high quality but affordable lures. in order to remain competitive with the flood of lures produced overseas, lunker lure/hawg caller turned to a human service agency located in nearby duquoin for assistance. five star industries, a charitable organization that serves adults and children with a variety of challenges, has had a long history of manufacturing experience. from making redwood shelves for bbq grills, to outdoor patio furniture, to hot tub cabinets/accessories, to a variety of assembly and packing contracts, five star industries has long been innovative in creating meaningful work experiences for the challenged individuals it serves.
in 2005 the owners, desiring to fish a little more, agreed to sell lunker lure/hawg caller to five star industries. since that time five star has carried on the tradition of quality, innovation and affordability that has made lunker lure/hawg caller a lure leader since its inception.
hawg caller and lunker lure products are made in the usa by very proud and special workers and may be purchased at fine sporting goods stores nationwide. or you may call 1-800-842-0582 to order direct, shop online, or e-mail us at sales@lunkerlure.com

contact us




what's in the news





							18						

							nov 2019						


						in january of 2000, two great regional bass lure companies joined forces to bring to the american angler a new excitement in fishing. hawg caller, originated in the carolinas, and lunker lure, a midwestern company, are now able to bring to you professional quality spinnerbaits, buzzbaits, and jigs.					




							7						

							sep 2018						


						in january of 2000, two great regional bass lure companies joined forces to bring to the american angler a new excitement in fishing. hawg caller, originated in the carolinas, and lunker lure, a midwestern company, are now able to bring to you professional quality spinnerbaits, buzzbaits, and jigs. in january of 2000, two great regional bass lure companies joined forces to bring to the american angler a new excitement in fishing. hawg caller, originated in the carolinas, and lunker lure, a midwestern company, are now able to bring to you professional quality spinnerbaits, buzzbaits, and jigs. in january of 2000, two great regional bass lure companies joined forces to bring to the american angler a new excitement in fishing. hawg caller, originated in the carolinas, and lunker lure, a midwestern company, are now able to bring to you professional quality spinnerbaits, buzzbaits, and jigs.
					




							24						

							apr 2018						


						in january of 2000, two great regional bass lure companies joined forces to bring to the american angler a new excitement in fishing. hawg caller, originated in the carolinas, and lunker lure, a midwestern company, are now able to bring to you professional quality spinnerbaits, buzzbaits, and jigs.					







the latest from the blog





go shallow in the summertime?

could that title actually be right?  shallow water fishing in the summertime?  yes, it’s true, you can catch fish in the middle of summer, in shallow water.  here’s how: lakes with vegetation offer an opportunity to catch fish shallow or relatively shallow practically all year long.  if you regularly fish a lake that has milfoil, […]


more blog posts






contact us
please send us comments or suggestions you may have by filling out this short form.
















 


call us...
800.842.0582
email us...
sales@
lunkerlure.com



lunker lure - hawg caller, inc.
1308 wells street road • po box 60
duquoin, il 62832






























