





kmr scripts home page









kmrproductionsllc.com


"est 1993 - on the web since 1997" |
contact us

site map





home
view our catalog
place an order
video promos
the green room
the classroom
forms & downloads










office info
we've moved!
see our new address at bottom of this page and on 
							our contact page.
 









welcome
to our website!

browse our pages and you'll see why our shows have been
						seen by over 2 million kids all over the world.  we care 
						about kids' entertainment.  we do whatever we can to help you 
						provide fun, quality entertainment for kids and their families.

about us

we only handle the plays and musicals 
						of kevin m reese.  he's been entertaining kids
						most of his adult life-- first as an actor, then 
						director and producer, now as a dad 
						and a playwright.
read more

email changes

in an effort to fight spam, we're changing all our email addresses.
						please note our new email address on our 
						contact us page.
read more

free download

"clearing the mask"
						kevin m reese makes his personal vocal hygiene 
						regimen available.  based upon his popular workshop, he shares how he kept his voice ready to go during years of touring three shows a day/five days a week.
view/download

now showing beneath the upper room

the story of the lord's last supper --
						from the viewpoint of the women serving him
						imagine a powerful new last supper play that will
						be seen by thousands of christians all over the country at the same time on maundy thursday.
						we think the play is great-- but we had no idea this would take off like it has.  check out the map
						showing all the performances! 
now on ebook!
read more
check out: kevin on theatre geeks



 
 
kevin sits in on the popular podcast, theatre geeks.
						kevin m reese joins his ol' acting buddies, dave dufore, marcia fullmer, and john jay shoup for a couple sessions of their 
						podcast, talking about writing for kids.  kevin talks about how he got started writing children's scripts and his writing process. he's in episodes 28 and 29.
read more

 



						 

						 

						 

						 

						 

						 



courtesy: jill's travelling theatre, orlando, fl








we're on facebook



join our facebook fan page!



find out the latest developments at kmr scripts.  new projects, notable press,
					 interesting tid-bits.  check it out!

view details



beneaththeupperroom
our last supper play, beneath the upper room, has its own 
					website full of helpful information and purchase links.

view details




the green room
this is where you  go to find all sorts of fun stuff.  
					recipes for cast parties, helpful links, photos from various 
					productions around the world, etc.  check it out!

view details






fees & royalty
scripts = $6.00
					royalty = $35.00
					mus perf pack rental = $180.00
					all fees and royalty subject to change until contracted







the class room
all kinds of "how-to" instruction:  acting, directing, 
					producing for family audiences, videotaping, auditions, etc.  
					we even have free scenes for classroom use.

view details







home|
about us|
forms & downloads|
catalog|
green room|
classroom|
terms of use/privacy|
contact


all content copyright 1997-2020 © kmr scripts. all rights reserved.
			kmr scripts | 2015 windsor creek ct | valley center, ks 67147 usa | (316) 
			765-1957
		



