



  



black paris walks and gourmet activities - entrée to black paris 


































simply the best way to experience paris! 












homewhat’s newarticle archivesentrée to black parisblack history in and around the luxembourg gardenblack paris photo shootblack paris pilgrimagemost popular private black paris walking toursjosephine baker tour in le vésinetother black paris walking toursblack images in european artblack paris - myth of colorblind france (a powerpoint presentation)downloadable walkstestimonialsentrée to black paris blogstudy abroad with entrée to black parisgourmet activitiescooking classour walking toursprivate chef serviceswine appreciationtestimonialsmore toursprivate visit - black-owned art galleryscheduled walking toursa virtual trip to parisprivate walking tourskayaknewslettercurrent issuenewsletter archivesother publicationsparis insights - an anthology (abridged edition)black paris profilesfood for the soulaboutour guidesfrequently asked questionsservices and fee schedulecontactcontact form 






the entrée to black paris experience revealed

walk with us...
...and experience the best of black paris history, culture, and contemporary life.
we look forward to meeting you in the city of light!
subscribe toentrée to black paris blog






















1
2
3
4
5

pause
play





les quatre parties du mondejean-baptiste carpeaux

 













virtual trip to paris
experience black paris from the comfort of your home!


                    more                








entree to black paris
say bonjour! to black paris with entrée to black paris tours.


                    more                








gourmet activities
we provide private tours of market streets around the city, private pastry/chocolate walks, and private and group cooking classes.


                    more                








private walking tours
enjoy paris à la carte with one of our private literary or historical tours.


                    more                






our services
are you planning your first trip to paris or a return trip?  entrée to black paris invites you to explore

black history in the city of light (including virtual tours)


gourmet walking tours and cooking classes


and more...

our publications
have you ever wondered why paris is such a fascinating city?

read our book paris insights - an anthology


read our e-book black paris profiles


read our book dining out in paris

our self-guided walking tours
do you prefer to explore paris on your own without the constraints of walking with a group?

download our self-guided historical walking tours






×





 


copyright 2014 - 2025 entrée to black paris | privacy policy | website by pallasart - austin web design 



    
    our walk: black history in and around the luxembourg garden - click here to book!










