


orientalmerchandise.com makes mardi gras supplier recommendation










 


oriental merchandise calls it quits
since 1960, oriental merchandise specialized in a full line of discount party supplies and discount party decoration supplies for a wide variety of festive occasions and celebrations including your prom, luau, baby shower, birthday, holiday party or other special events.
sadly, oriental merchandise of metairie, la is no longer in business.  the business faced increasing competition in difficult economic times, and also suffered many lost customers during the recovery period after hurricane katrina.  the owners decided to close the business, and did so in may of 2008.
recommended party resources
as a service to those customers who supported oriental merchandise for so many years, we are offering these vendor alternatives for all of your party supply needs.
mardi gras supplies
being a new orleans based party business, mardi gras supplies were obviously a large part of oriental merchandise's product line.  they offered all of the standard fare found at other carnival suppliers (such as beads, decorations, hats and jewelry), but also had many exclusive or hard to find items for mardi gras.  many of those unique items were bought from omc's remaining inventory by mardi gras outlet.
mardi gras outlet has been supplying carnival goods to thousands of customers around the world since opening its' web store in 2000.  they carry an enormous selection of throw beads, specialty beads, decor, feather maks and novelty hats.  like omc, they also feature many hard to find items for mardi gras celebrations, such as second line umbrellas, mardi gras music, hurricane glasses, king cake mix, mardi gras flags and more.  over 2000 products are available and orders usually ship the same (business day) they are placed.
please visit mardi gras outlet for all of your mardi gras supplies in the future.  you will love the incredible selection, fantastic prices and unparalleled customer service.
party supplies

				oriental trading company carries a huge selection of inexpensive party supplies for every theme.  they also feature a large selection of carnival trinkets and craft items.  a free catalog is available from their website.










copyright 2008 orientalmerchandise.com.this site is not affiliated with the owners of oriental merchandise company, inc.  the information provided on this page is not an endorsement by the owners of oriental merchandise company, inc.




