


effortless english archives























    
	effortless english archives
	
  
automatic english for the people







sunday, august 09, 2009



	 
	 effortless english torrents search
	 
    


effortless english torrents search download torrent search results. bittorrent downloads effortless english listed here. download your favorite effortless english torrents at torrent reactor.  amazing effortless english lessons full torrents.  these are a full list of effortless english torrent sample lessons.



posted by aj hoge @ 10:13 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







thursday, may 28, 2009



	 
	 testing ustream
	 
    






posted by aj hoge @ 11:54 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







monday, may 25, 2009



	 
	 speak english fluently squidoo page
	 
    


we have a new squidoo page called speak english fluently.  it's a brief introduction to our 7 rules email course and includes a couple of videos. you can link to it at: http://www.squidoo.com/speak-english-fluentlyenjoy!



posted by aj hoge @ 8:33 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







thursday, march 12, 2009



	 
	 learn english videos coming
	 
    


our new learn english video site is almost finished with development, meaning that beta testing starts soon!   the first phase of testing will involve our all-star members.  these are our most active members and they'll have the opportunity to test the site for free, for 1-2 months.  i have already uploaded a number of videos to the site, and will be making more during the rest of this month. during beta testing, we'll get feedback from our all-star members in order to fix bugs and improve the site.   once we're satisfied that it's ready, we'll launch the site for everyone.  the site will be a subscription membership site with a low monthly fee.  every week, i'll add a new video on various topics. this service has been in very high demand.  videos are the number one request that i get from members--  they are constantly asking for english learning videos from me... especially videos with text transcripts.  so that's exactly what this site will have.  we're calling it the master member video site. check our main home page for future updates on the learning english video site at: learn english videos



posted by aj hoge @ 9:12 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







tuesday, january 27, 2009



	 
	 the seminar rocked!
	 
    


the "how to learn english" seminar in bangkok thailand was fantastic. most of the learners said it was the most powerful learning experience they have ever had!  they were laughing and smiling as they left the room-- so something went right!at this seminar, we introduced the "3 levels of learning" and the importance of learning at the deepest level.  without deep learning, we never really master anything. but by using all three levels, we activate the full power of our brain. at effortless english, we use these three levels of learning to master spoken english.  but you can apply these learning methods to any skill. for example, i'm currently using them to learn singing-- and am having steady and enjoyable progress (until i killed my voice by yelling for 5 straight hours at the seminar!!!)the next seminar will be on march 29th in bangkok.  our goal this time is 100 people. we hope to see you there!for more information, check the main effortless english site!



posted by aj hoge @ 4:00 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







wednesday, december 03, 2008



	 
	 go to the home page
	 
    


learn spoken english at the effortless english club. our blog and homepage have moved to a new address, with a new design.  see you there at http://www.effortlessenglishclub.com



posted by aj hoge @ 11:44 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 







sunday, october 14, 2007



	 
	 new address for blog
	 
    


i have finally changed the address of the blog.   we've got both the blog and the podcast on our main page now! look on the right sidebar. new posts will be at: www.effortlessenglishclub.comthis blog will remain active as archives.... but all new posts will be at the above address.there are a few reasons i've changed.  1.  the new url web address fits better with the main effortless english club pages.2.  this blog has tended to focus on my personal english teaching experiences...3.  this blog was written for a general audience of teachers and learners.3.  i want to focus specifically on interests, needs, and ideas related to the effortless english club community  (lesson owners, podcast listeners, email course graduates...)so...  i'll see you all at the new url.    english teachers and others, please enjoy the archives of this blog site.  take care, aj



posted by aj hoge @ 10:11 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 







tuesday, october 09, 2007



	 
	 listen & answer
	 
    


every student knows about "listen and repeat".   listen and repeat is the normal way to teach and learn english. in school, the teacher says something in english.  then the students repeat exactly what the teacher said.   i call this "robot english".   english students also do this at home.  they buy cds, or tapes, or a podcast.  they listen.  then they repeat after the speaker.  more robot english.  listening to english is great--  but listen and repeat is the wrong way to do it.  listen and repeat is a robot-like activity.  you don't even need to understand the english to do it.  just copy the speaker like a robot.   there are several problems with this method: 1. it is passive.  you don't think.  you don't need to understand.  you just repeat, like a robot machine. 2. it is totally unnatural.   in a real conversation, will you ever do this?  of course not.   3. it is super boring.   since you don't use your brain, you quickly get bored with "listen and repeat".    as you know, i think listening is the most important activity for learning english.  but you must use a better way. that better way is "listen and answer".    this means you listen to a question, and then you answer it.    you don't repeat after the speaker, you answer his/her question correctly and quickly. with listen and repeat, the speaker says, "what is your name?"... and then you repeat, "what is your name?"with listen and answer, the speaker says, "what is your name?"... and you say, "my name is aj".    it seems like a small difference--- but in fact it is a very important difference. to answer, you must understand.   you must understand the question, and then you must quickly think of an answer in english.   this encourages your brain to think in english.   this is an active method.   this is also much more natural.  in real conversations, this is exactly what you do... someone asks you a question and you must understand it and answer it quickly.  listen and answer is also more interesting.  it is challenging.  you can't get bored and sleepy because you must understand and answer.  its like a game-- you try to answer more and more quickly.   when you use the old method,  you are not ready for real conversations.  when you use listen and answer, you are ready. effortless english lesson sets always include listen and answer mini-stories.  you improve your english quickly by answering questions.  the questions are usually very easy, but by answering them you teach your brain to use english quickly.  get my lessons at:  http://www.effortlessenglishclub.comor find your own listen and answer lessons and stories.  just never use "listen and repeat" again! subscribe to the free effortless english newsletter



posted by aj hoge @ 5:09 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 







tuesday, october 02, 2007



	 
	 heroes
	 
    


i want to express my support and admiration for the heroes in burma-- the monks, the students, the men & women who are fighting, non-violently, for freedom, democracy, human rights, and the true dharma.    thousands of these brave and peaceful people have been killed by the horrible military government.   the people in burma knew what the military would do.  they know their lives were at risk.  they knew the government would imprison, torture, burn, and kill any who stood against them.   yet, the monks and people stood anyway. the events in burma remind us what is truly important.  let us support the burmese people any way we can--  with our thoughts, by giving to human rights groups,.. and by pressuring our own governments (and companies) to cut support for the military government.  to this effect,  i am working on a new policy for effortless english.  we will give a percentage of every membership fee to human rights organizations.   take care...   aj



posted by aj hoge @ 9:37 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







thursday, may 03, 2007



	 
	 don't translate
	 
    


yuriko is an excellent student.  she has the best english skills in my class.  yuriko is an excellent writer.   she writes very well in english.   i have always been impressed by the skill of her writing.so i was very surprised today when she gave me an essay.  the writing was not so good.  i was confused.   normally her sentences are very clear-- very easy to understand.  but this time, i had a lot of trouble understanding what she was trying to communicate.i kept thinking, "why is this essay different than her others?   why is this one so much worse?"finally, i had an idea.  i asked her, "did you write this first in japanese, and then translate it?" she said, "yes".    yuriko wanted this essay to be good.  so she wrote it first in japanese and then translated it.  she probably thought this would make it better.  instead, it made it much worse.by translating, yuriko stopped thinking in english.  she lost her natural "feel" for english.   her grammar is normally excellent, but in this essay, it was not good.   her sentences are normally clear, but in this essay they were very confusing. yuriko's english got worse because she was translating instead of using her normal natural english ability.   i told her, "next time, don't write the essay in japanese first.  just write it in english directly.  when you do that, your writing is always very good."this is also true of speaking.  if you learn by translating, your english grammar and fluency will always be bad.  you will always be speaking your native language--  using english vocabulary.    your speech will be slower, more confusing, and harder to understand. skip translation.   don't do it.   when you study english-- listen to english.   read english.  listen to things that are easy for you.  read english books and articles that are easy for you.   over time, you will understand english naturally and easily, without translation.   after a bit more time, you will start to speak more naturally and easily.   your grammar will improve-- because you will have a "feel" for english grammar instead of trying to remember rules and translations.to learn english,  listen to english and read english....   do not translate. subscribe to the free effortless english newsletter



posted by aj hoge @ 2:10 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 







sunday, april 22, 2007



	 
	 persistence
	 
    


one of the toughest things about learning a language is finding the time and energy.   most of us can work hard and focus on a language for 4-6 months at a time.but if you're like me, its hard to keep going longer than that.   with spanish, my efforts have been sporadic.  i have tended to do very well for about 3 months at a time.  then i get busy with classes in san francisco, the effortless english club, the podcast, and my personal life. its been especially hard as i develop the club website.  its a lot of work for one person.  so, inevitably, my spanish efforts suffer.   for the past 3 and a half months, for example, i haven't studied spanish at all. in the past, i would have quit.   but this time, i keep coming back... even if i have a long break.  the reason is that the study methods i'm using are much more enjoyable.  also, because i'm using a listen first natural approach..  i find that i still remember most of what i studied in the past.  so its very easy to start studying spanish again... even after a 3 or 4 month break.but perhaps the biggest change for me has been with my attitude.  in the past, i always put a lot of pressure on myself.   i wanted to be fluent in one or two years.    if i couldn't do that, i just got frustrated and quit.this time, with spanish, i don't feel pressure.   while i have made goals, i don't get stressed if i can't reach them.   i have a much more relaxed attitude... and i have a much longer view.   i know that even if i study sporadically-- if i keep doing it when i can, i will eventually become fluent.   already, i can use very basic spanish to communicate basic information.  that's a big improvement from all my past efforts.   in the past, when i used traditional study methods, i was never able to communicate. the main point for me is to never give up.   i view spanish learning as a lifelong activity now.  i know my life will get busy at times, and i won't be able to study.  that's ok.  because with a listen first effortless approach, i know i won't lose what i have already learned.  i know that i can come back to spanish when my life slows down, and i'll be able to easily continue again. as you study english, remember that learning english is a life-long activity.  it is a marathon, not a sprint.   sometimes you will get busy and you won't have time to study.  sometimes you may take a long break.   no problem.  just continue using a listen first effortless method of study--  and your english will continue to grow. subscribe to the free effortless english newsletterlabels: learn english, listen first, spanish



posted by aj hoge @ 10:03 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







friday, april 20, 2007



	 
	 podcast changes
	 
    


the effortless english podcast will be changing over the next few weeks.  i've decided to overhaul the format to make it more useful and interesting to students.   when i originally started the podcast, i had mostly an audience of english teachers and very advanced english learners.however, over the past several months, the podcast audience has grown a lot.  most people who listen to the podcast are english learners... and they are a mix of intermediate and advanced learners.to help these learners, i will be doing more frequent podcasts.  i hope to increase to about 4 per week.   i will focus on two main points:   1.  casual conversational english   and  2. motivation and learning methods.i'll probably do about 3 conversation lessons per week-- each focusing on slang, idioms, and real "street" english.   i'll introduce a new word or phrase, explain it, help you pronounce it, and then tell a very short mini-story to help you learn how to use it.in addition, each week i'll continue to do one podcast focused on motivation, inspiration, and learning methods.   motivation is very important.  i know its easy to get tired, or to lose your energy and enthusiasm for english.  i'll encourage you and help you keep that motivation high! subscribe to the free effortless english newsletterhelp others learn to speak english.   go to delicious, register (top-right), then go to effortlessenglish.org and tag us with "learn english"!



posted by aj hoge @ 9:39 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 







sunday, april 15, 2007



	 
	 jmemorize
	 
    


today i started using a vocabulary review program called jmemorize.  basically, its a computer flashcard system... but it schedules the review to maximize long term memory.  its a very simple program, but i find it useful.  of course, i am not using it to review random lists of words.  i always learn my spanish vocabulary from articles and podcasts.   once i meet a word in a real context, i sometimes save it for later review.  to be honest, i've never liked doing vocabulary review.  usually i prefer to just listen to the article again as a way of reviewing.. instead of focusing on individual words. but sometimes it can be helpful to review words or phrases that just aren't "sticking".  for these, a program like jmemorize is helpful.  you can download jmemorize for free at:  http://www.jmemorize.org/ learn to speak english easily, subscribe to the free effortless english newsletterlabels: learn english vocabulary



posted by aj hoge @ 12:29 am  
    	


    listen to this article 










	 
	 remembering naturally
	 
    


i have not studied or listened to spanish for four months.  four months without any spanish input. in the past, when i studied languages with traditional methods, this kind of lapse happened all the time.  im a busy person.  but more to the point, i tend to do things in spurts.  ill study hard for several months, then take a few months off.  its just the way i like to work. when i used traditional language study methods, this was a disaster.  after a 2 month break, i would forget most of what i had studied.  i lost a lot of vocabulary.  i lost a lot of listening comprehension.  usually, this discouraged me, and i would give up. i quit.  i quit spanish.  i quit japanese.  i quit italian. but this time, i'm using a listen first, effortless method to learn spanish.  i don't study grammar rules.  i don't memorize vocabulary lists in textbooks.  in fact, i don't use textbooks.  learning this way, i find that once i learn something, i keep it forever.  i don't forget.  today, after a 4 month break, i listened to about an hour of spanish.  i listened to some of my old audio files.  i was happily shocked that i could still understand them very well.  i hadn't forgotten.  in fact, i was amazed at how easy it was to start again after such a long break.  this is very encouraging.  by using an effortless method,  i know that when i learn something i really learn it.  i will have it for the rest of my life.  so even if i get busy, or take a long break, i will not go backwards.   i will be able to start again at any time, and i'll immediately start at the level i had stopped at.  this makes language learning seem easier.  i know i can do it in bite-size chunks... at my own pace.   all that time spent using textbooks is a waste, because you will forget most of what you study.   to learn and keep english for life, use a listen first, effortless method.  learn to speak english easily, subscribe to the free effortless english newsletter



posted by aj hoge @ 12:18 am  
    	


    listen to this article 







friday, april 06, 2007



	 
	 community, not marketplace
	 
    


i have recently re-thought my idea about making a teacher skype marketplace on effortless english.  i have decided not to do this in the future. why not? well, i have two main reasons: 1. commercializationi don't want to commercialize the member site.  i want the effortless english club to be a true community... in which all members are working together to develop the site.  i don't want it to be a "marketplace".  our lives are commercialized enough.  and i must already charge members a fee to join.  after that, i don't want to have more ads in the member site. 2. the linguistthere is already an excellent site that offers discussions with native speaker tutors:  the linguist.   the linguist offers both group discussions and individual discussions on the internet, using skype.  in fact, i still periodically do discussions with them.  i have always thought that effortless english and the linguist complement each other.  in fact, i encourage my members to also join the linguist in order to get speaking practice and writing correction.   in truth, they do a great job and its much simpler to just refer my members to them for tutors.  click here to learn english with the linguistwhat i envision for effortless english is a true learner-designed community.  now that we have a membership base and the basic site design, i'm trying to give more control to the members.  i want them to have more control over lesson topics, materials, layout & design, recruitment & marketing,... in fact, everything.  i have no desire to repeat the hierarchical structure of traditional schools.  the truth is, traditional education is failing across the board.  recent posts by tom peters and seth godin have attacked business schools for being irrelevant.  my own social work program (a masters degree) and journalism program (bachelors) were also irrelevant.   the truth is, the old hierarchical, passive method of education is no longer useful.  sitting in a class listening to boring lectures is a waste of time... whether you are studying english, business, social work, or journalism.  real learning happens on the job, in life, through mentors, individually, and in learning communities.these are the kinds of communities you find at effortless english and the linguist.  these are communities that support self-study... where members are equal, enthusiastic, and responsible for their own learning.  if you are tired of learning or teaching the old way... join the future.. join a learning community online.   learn to speak english easily, subscribe to the free effortless english newsletter



posted by aj hoge @ 8:58 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 







thursday, april 05, 2007



	 
	 tprs wiki lessons
	 
    


to help both english teachers and the members of effortless english, i have created a public wiki for lessons. the effortless english wiki allows anyone to add or edit lesson materials.  other teachers and learners (including me) can then use those lessons as they want. by lesson, i do not mean a typical grammar-centered analytical "esl lesson".  rather, effortless english lessons consist of two parts:1. a core textthis is a 1-2 page authentic article:  an original essay, a wiki article, a "fair use" article, a letter or email, etc.   simply write the text... and put the more difficult words or phrases in bold. 2. a mini-storythis supports the core text.  tprs mini-stories are very short (1/2 page to 3/4 page) stories that use 6-8 of the target vocabulary words from the core text.   other than the target vocabulary, the mini-story should contain very simple and direct english.  this way, the mini-story helps learners understand the vocabulary more easily.. and helps them understand how to use it. i've got a sample lesson on the wiki already.  to join in, simply go to the effortless english wiki and click "register" in the top-right corner.  you can then add to or edit the wiki as you want. click here to go to the wiki.  learn to speak english easily, subscribe to the free effortless english newsletter



posted by aj hoge @ 10:48 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 







tuesday, april 03, 2007



	 
	 teachers wanted
	 
    


the effortless english club is looking for passionate, fun, enthusiastic english teachers with an interest in "natural" teaching approaches.. especially tpr-storytelling.as a member, you can download existing lessons on the site- use them directly in your class or use them for inspiration for your own lessons.  this is a great way to save preparation time.   also, by listening to and using the effortless english lessons, you might learn new teaching methods and techniques... especially tpr-storytelling. you can try a free one month membership by going to:  www.effortlessenglish.com.  even better, if you create an effortless english lesson yourself, and i use it on the club site, you will get a 6 month membership for free.  if you create 2 or more lessons that i post to the club site, you will get a free 12 month membership. in the next several months, i will also be working to help teacher-members make an online tutoring income.  how?  by chatting with effortless english members online, using skype.   the style and approach you use will be up to you.  as will the price you charge.  i will simply provide a forum where teachers can advertise their services (and contact info) to members and learners can find online tutors and discussion leaders.   over time, i hope to develop this as a craigslist-like service to help online learners and online teachers find each other.  at the moment, we are still in beta mode, so all of this is totally new.  but if you'd like to join and become involved in building our english learning community... join at www.effortlessenglish.com learn to speak english easily, subscribe to the free effortless english newsletter



posted by aj hoge @ 11:25 pm  
    	


    listen to this article 
















about me

name:  aj hoge 
location:  san francisco, california, united states 
i have a masters degree and over 10 years of english teaching experience. i am the director of the effortless english club.
view my complete profile











sign up for my free newsletter! 

email:




automatic social bookmarking

subscribe to the podcast



subscribe to this blog (text)




email
ajhoge(at)gmail[dot]com


links & contents

contents

aj hoge resume

kristin dodds resume

effortless acquisition curriculum 1.0 (beginners)

effortless acquisition curriculum 2.0 (intermediate)

teaching methods and techniques

the effortless english newsletter
get free suggestions about learning english, subscribe to the free effortless english newsletter.

the effortless english club
learn english with me, using the powerful effortless english system.

learn english with the linguist
learn english with the linguist.  their system is fantastic! i heartily recommend them.

total physical response
this is a fantastic tool for teaching english! great materials for teachers.

tpr storytelling
take tpr to the next level. great for intermediate and advanced students.

tpr stories
another good tprs site.  has a catalogue and information about workshops. 

focal skills approach
another innovative approach to teaching english (or any language).

sd krashen
incredible site by the expert on natural teaching approaches. more oriented towards academic research than classroom techniques.

alg world
automatic language growth. good essays about language acquisition and the silent period!

trelease on reading
promotes the power of reading... including research and specific suggestions for creating a powerful reading program for both native
speakers and foreign language students. 

taeko tomioka
a fantastic essay on the silent period.

pro linguistica
offer tpr training workshops and a free email newsletter. 

blogs

creating passionate users
more brilliance...  a business oriented blog with lots of applicability to teaching. substitute the word
"students" for "users" and you get the idea!

phrase base
excellent site that promotes learning a language through phrases, not individual words.

lingual bee
an amazing blog by a native chinese speaker, though its hard to tell its not written by a native english speaker.  
very interesting thoughts on language learning- from a learner's point of view. 

journey to thai
the chronicles of a man who is learning thai at aua bangkok, using comprehensible input based methods.  a very interesting and insightful blog.

teacher in development
a brilliant blog concerned with teacher development (ie. teacher excellence).  read it.

ap campbell
great tesol blog with a focus on person to person learning and the use of web technology.  excellent!

scott sommers' taiwan weblog
great blog, from a tefl-in-taiwan perspective.

dekita
showcases classroom web-publishing projects in efl /esl and introduces links relevant 
to personal web-publishing in language learning contexts. good stuff!

marc hogi's blog
marc's thoughts on foreign languages and international affairs.

think lab
a blog dedicated to school design!  good to know there are folks like this out there!

jobs- international

dave's esl cafe
the mother of all job sites for teaching english internationally.

tefl site
this is a good tesol career site

tesall.com
a great one stop job search portal for tesol

transitions abroad
a great online magazine with tons of information about working, living, and travelling abroad.

english job maze
esl/efl jobs worldwide. 

chronicle of higher education
university jobs, mostly in the us.  

esl focus
a web magazine for efl professionals. has a job section. 

international house
a large, british based chain with schools all over the world. 

japan

jobs in japan
lots of job listings for japan, as the name implies!

ohayo sensei
another great source for jobs and information about teaching in japan.

jalt
the japan association of language teachers.  a source of higher quality jobs than ohayo sensei.  

university jobs in japan
a japanese website.  has listings for university jobs.

thailand

ajarn
this is the largest and most comprehensive website for english teaching in thailand.  
has an extensive job board, plus general information about living in thailand

stickman's bangkok
an in-depth site with practical information about living and working in bangkok.  
cynical and negative- but the basic info is good. 


learning thai forums
resources and forums for those who want to learn more about thailand and the thai language.

taiwan

tealit
site for teaching english and living in taiwan, including a job board.


english in taiwan
a site for people teaching or living in taiwan (or who want to).

management

tom peters
read this blog!  tom is the master of passion, vision, projects and eliminating bureaucracy. 

paul graham
fantastic, future-forward insightful essays.  a must read!

wisdom21 language school
an innovative school that has created a warm, elegant, inviting learning environment. an excellent alternative to the cold and sterile
corporate atmosphere of most language schools.  

gore associates
the company that makes gore tex.  has a very powerful management design.  good ideas for program managers and teachers. 

a clear eye
tom asacker's blog.  tom helps organizations transition from being “economically-driven” to “emotionally-driven". 

ken blanchard learning
the best selling management guru.  good books and good ideas for program managers and teachers. 

presentation skills

presentation zen
good advice on making powerful and effective presentations.. including advice for using powerpoint effectively. 

istockphoto
stock photos for presentations, websites, etc. at very reasonable prices. 

teacher resources

about.com lesson plans
as the title implies... lots of lesson plans ready for use by teachers!

english learner movie guides
guides for using popular movies to teach/learn english.  a good resource for both teachers and students. 

thai-english online dictionary
a decent, and free, online dictionary for thai and english.  may also have japanese capability. 

skype
free international phone calls (including conference calls of up to four people).  talk to people all 
over the world-- great speaking and listening practice, and fun too!

audacity audio studio
free software for recording and editing audio, and creating mp3 files.  a great tool for creating
podcasts.  you must also download lame in order to create mp3 files with audacity. 

lame for windows
download lame (free) to create mp3 files from your audacity recordings. 

lame for mac
download lame (free) to create mp3 files from your audacity recordings. 

amazon.com
the mega online bookstore.  great place to get english books, audiobooks, cds, and movies.  
international shipping is sometimes expensive, but their selection cannot be beat!

penguin readers
a catalogue of graded readers (ie. mini-books) ranging from low beginner (200 word vocab) to 
high intermediate (3000 word vocab).  they also have cd/cassette audiobook versions of many titles!

ryota's basic english
a blog written with only the 850 most basic words of english.  a good site for reading practice. 

english learning podcasts & resources

the effortless english podcast
my english learning podcast-- with tips on how to study and learn english effortlessly

esl pod
another great english podcasting site.  download recordings.. along with explanations
of key vocab and idioms.  for best results, listen to each one many times.  

learn english with the linguist: the podcast
yep, they have a podcast too.  learn english with the linguist podcast. 

english conversations
a resource for students.  this site contains podcast (mp3) recordings of english 
conversations... and written transcripts for each one.  

business english podcast
learn business english at your convenience with business english pod ~ english communication skills for professionals.

vtrain
this site offers vocabulary training software. the software helps you review new vocabulary in a scientific way that boosts retention. 

alumni (former students) blogs

gibb's blog
gibb's fantastic photography blog.  truly excellent. [thai language]

hiroshi
hiroshi's blog


archives

may 2003
march 2004
june 2004
october 2004
november 2004
february 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
october 2007
december 2008
january 2009
march 2009
may 2009
august 2009


kerouac's rules for writing (learning, teaching, living....)

* be in love with yr life 
* remove literary, grammatical and syntactical inhibition 
* scribbled secret notebooks, and wild typewritten pages, for yr own joy
* believe in the holy contour of life 
* accept loss forever 
* write in recollection and amazement for yourself 
* no fear or shame in the dignity of yr experience, language & knowledge
* write for the world to read and see yr exact pictures of it
* crazier the better 
* you're a genius all the time 
if one listens to the faintest but constant suggestions of his genius, which are certainly true, he
sees not to what extremes, or even insanity, it may lead him; and yet that way, as he grows more resolute and faithful, 
his road lies. 
–henry david thoreau, walden 


the tong can be defined as a long-lasting group, theoretically "permanent", devoted not to one project but to an on-going "cause". 
--hakim bey


the only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
 --alan watts 


act as if you were already free... take the risk, dance before you calcify.-- hakim bey 


and what is the nature of a wasteland? it is a land where everybody is living an inauthentic life, 
doing as other people do-- doing as you're told, with no courage for your own life. to live an authentic life, 
take your wisdom from your own experience. because in thinking, the majority is always wrong. 
--joseph campbell 


idle youth
enslaved by everything, 
by being too sensitive
i have wasted my life.
ah ! let the time come
when hearts are enamoured !
--arthur rimbaud 


safe is risky! --seth godin


if your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. —john quincy adams


the deepest human need is the need to be appreciated.
— william james.


does “it” pop?
does “it” sparkle?
does “it” make you grin?
is “it” ... wow?
if “it” (grand or mundane) isnt wow ... re-do it! or dont do it!
this is ... your day.
not “their” day.
this day belongs ... ultimately ... to you.
not “them.”
throw off the shackles of conformity!
--tom peters


suppose i point a shamanic death-bone at you and recite a curse? 
or utter a magick word that alarms and threatens you as much as a simple "fuck" threatens simple methodists?
the role of magick in all language transactions has very concrete and exhilarating/terrifying implications.
there is a well-documented case of a man, a cancer patient, "miraculously" blessed by remission and recovery due to a placebo 
[with tumors shrunk to half their previous size], then cursed back into critical condition when learning of deaths of others 
receiving the same placebo.
whoever speaks a sentence to another human may pronounce a blessing or a curse without even intending this. 
--robert anton wilson


the reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. 
therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
--george bernard shaw


question authority, and just say "know"
--dr. timothy leary





 






 



 






