
martial arts academy, metter, ga






language:english | italian












new! prof ancho  photo gallery!












lessons from the old masters by gary lescak


			download  ebook
			or order the   
			hardcopy

			also available on amazon.com










kappo - sappo cure or kill by gary lescak


			download  ebook
			or order the   
			hardcopy

			also available on amazon.com





get directions to martial arts academy







kodenkan - danzan ryu ju-jitsu




navigation


instruction / private lessons / seminars
instructor
healing arts / seifhukujitsu
directions
kill or cure: the martial art-healing art connection 
dojo



boards and scrolls of dzr
video clips
video series
combat weapons throwing

links
excuses to not do jujitsu
origin and development of jujitsu
esoteric principles of judo
wisdom, advice, philosophy & inspiration
natural cures and remedies
consumer warnings and information
consumer health warnings
chiropractic
humor
muslims
gun control
political info
acupuncture
character development through martial arts
an epistemological basis for qualitative evaluation


		get directions to metter, ga.
		
enter your zip code


















martialartsacademy@excite.com

the main purpose of the complete program of instruction at the martial arts academy is to teach you to face and defeat a trained, professional fighter,
armed and unarmed. in order to accomplish this, you will learn throwing, joint-locking, grappling, and striking as well as weapon's usage.
you will receive exposure to, and instruction in, a variety of martial arts in order to provide you with this broad combat utility.






while all martial arts traditions share certain customs and practices, they each demonstrate different attitudes, philosophies and techniques.
ju-jitsu is an ancient form of self-defense, both unarmed and armed, as well as a systematic approach
to self-development. since its essential principle is ju, which means to yield, adapt, or be flexible under adverse circumstances, ju-jitsu arts
depend upon balance, leverage and momentum. this means that the important factors in fighting become experience, knowledge, and cunning instead of
youth, speed, and strength. in practical terms, this differentiates eastern martial arts from western traditions such as boxing; that is, the 60 year
old boxer with 50 years of experience is no match for the 30 year old boxer with 20 years of experience. the opposite is the case in eastern martial arts.
there are some abilities that only many years of practice can provide.



video clips


breaking board with fingertips-point hitting 
breaking concrete block on stomach
commentary by gary lescak


** videos require quicktime player










© 2019, all rights reserved. lescak enterprises, inc. dba the martial arts academy

 


