






the german pinscher club of america | a member of the american kennel club




































news

akc titles

2019 akc ch & gch

prior years akc ch and gch title holders


agility
barn hunt
cgc
dock diving
farm dog
fast cat
lure coursing
obedience
rally
therapy dog
tracking
trick dog
scent work


akc certificates

akc s.t.a.r. puppy certificates


gpca awards

2019 gpca national specialty results

prior years national specialty results


2018  westminster/akc invitational results

prior years eukanuba/westminster results


2018 supported entry results

prior years supported entry results


2017 special award winners

prior years special award winners


historical breed producers
akc breed firsts
versitility german pinscher
this months stars




history

breed history
akc standard
breed seminars


want a gp?

find a gpca breeder
health

eyes
heart
immune
skeletal
dental
ears


rescue

adoption procedure
dogs awaiting adoption
happy endings
memorial page




store

join/renew gpca


gpca

national specialty
club goals
club history
code of ethics
officers/committees
supported entry rules and applications
gpca guidelines and job descriptions
current pinscher press
club documents
profile
blog


2024 national specialty
member login
 





select page


 




 

















join now
the gpca is the official akc national breed club for the german pinscher. we invite you to join today.
learn more










the german pinscher is a versatile dog that can excel in any venue.

our versatile german pinschers are successful in conformation, obedience, rally, agility, barn hunt, fast cat and cat (lure coursing), scentwork, nosework, tracking, dock diving, weight pull, herding, farm dog, and trick dog competitions. they are canine good citizens, akc star certificate earners, therapy dogs, search and rescue dogs, service dogs, and companions.





a do anything breed









akc national parent club

the gpca is a member of the american kennel club, and as such, is the only national german pinscher breed club which is recognized and sanctioned by the akc.



 
the gpca became the akc national parent club in 2002.
the objectives of the german pinscher club of america are to encourage and promote quality in the breeding of the purebred german pinschers and to do all possible to bring their natural qualities to perfection; to encourage the organization of independent local german pinscher specialty clubs; to urge members and breeders to accept the standard of the breed as approved by the american kennel club as the only standard of excellence by which the german pinscher shall be judged; to do all in its power to protect and advance the interests of the breed and to encourage sportsmanslike competition at dog shows and all akc events; and to conduct sanctioned matches, specialty shows, obedience trials, and tracking tests under the rules of the akc.























learn more







national specialty show

join us for our yearly show, when we celebrate all aspects of the german pinscher with competition events, educational seminars, and more.





visit event site











courageous and intelligent

german pinschers have highly developed senses, intelligence, aptitude for training, fearlessness andendurance.

affectionately referred to as the gp, the germanpinscher is a medium-sized, short-coated dog, elegantin appearance with a strong square build and moderatebody structure. it is muscular and powerful for enduranceand agility. determined, intelligent and loyal, the gp has the prerequisites to be an excellent watchdog and companion.

view breed standard







learn more





events
conformation agility barn hunt rally obediencescent work



about gp’s
history standard breed seminars



health
eyes heart immune skeletal dental ears



the gpca
club goals historycode of ethics







looking for a puppy?

each breeder on our breeder list is a member of the gpca and has signed the gpca code of ethics.

view breeder list







showing your gp

german pinschers have proven themselves worthy in theconformation ring, as well as in agility, obedience, rally,tracking, scentwork, and more.








agility
race against the clock and through an obstacle course in this fast-paced and rewarding sport.








scent work
this sport celebrates the joy of sniffing, turning your dog’s favorite activity into a rewarding game.








barn hunt
locate and mark rats (safely hidden in tubes) in this event that mimicks the german pinscher’s historic role as a rat catcher.










join the gpca

become a member



 











facebook




twitter




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 
















