














earstohear.net











headlines
....... new headlines will return monday 2/24. please refer to "news & analysis" resources until then.
....... living in the world, not of it: the balance of finding unity while standing firm in truth.
....... in theaters march 9,10,12: "i am living proof" reactions from those who have watched have been deeply moved, inspired, and profoundly challenged.
....... psalm 91: protection amid the storm.
....... "...they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction." (2 peter 3:16)
....... how we lost marriage, gained late-term abortion, and headed down the path of sodom and gomorrah?
....... "have you received the holy spirit since you believed?" (acts 19:2)
....... refuting biblical skeptics - "holy men of god spake as they were moved by the holy ghost." (2 peter 1:20-21)
....... 17 lessons of the holy spirit - entering the kingdom of god & why it pleased god to hide his kingdom from the wise.
....... the biblical kingdom of god.
....... america's constitutional republic.
....... comments, feedback, or rquest a previous "headline."















								 

about



contact



search



op-eds




news 
								& analysis 

take action




2 timothy 4:1-2 says, “i charge you therefore 
before god and the lord jesus christ, who will judge the living and the dead 
at his appearing and his kingdom: preach the word! be ready in season and out of 
season. convince, rebuke, exhort, with all patience and teaching.”






personal foundations: worldly and eternal - "seek ye first the kingdom of 
god." (matthew 6:33)
								“take heed to yourselves, lest 
your hearts become burdened by excessiveness and drunkenness and cares and 
anxieties of life, and that [judgment] day comes on you unexpectedly. for as a 
snare it will come on all those who dwell on the face of the whole earth. 
therefore watch always and pray that you may be counted worthy to escape all 
these things that will happen and to stand before the son of man.” (luke 21:34-36) 







there is a heavenly father who loves you unconditionally. many have never 
known the love of a father, feeling helpless, with physical & emotional 
bondages. jesus says: "“come 
to me, all you who labor and are heavily burdened, and i will give you 
rest." (matthew 11:28)

 


earstohear.net
								contents 

 
								


the
								biblical kingdom of god - "the 
								promise of the father" - eternal 
								life in the holy spirit.
								"that which is born of 
								the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of 
								the spirit is spirit." (john 3:6)


america's constitutional republic 
								- founded 
								upon biblical precepts, under assault by democrats
								"freedom & liberty are not hereditary: "it is 
								not our duty to leave wealth to our children; 
								but it is our duty to leave liberty" (
john 
								dickinson)

exhortation
								
- preserving the american way of life for 
								future generations:
								biblical & constitutional republic edification












biblical kingdom of god 
- redemption through the 
blood of christ

satanic delusional counterfeits - 
								devouring "fools" of depraved "reprobate 
								minds" (romans 1:18-32))


 



 

 


personal foundations: worldly and eternal - "seek ye first the kingdom of 
god." (matthew 6:33)



 

the kingdom of god -
								"righteousness, and peace, and joy
								in the holy ghost." (romans 14:17)

 
 god's word -
								"faith comes from hearing and
								hearing the word of god." (romans 10:17)

 

worldly wisdom & biblical wisdom 
 -
								"no one knows the things of god, 
								except the spirit 
								of god." (1 corinthians 2:11)

 

jesus: "he is risen!" 
- redeemed by his blood and
								repentence of sin. (acts 2:38-39)

 
 jesus throughout the bible 
-
"who is that fourth man?" (daniel 3:24-25)

 
 salvation: 
eternal life, born again -
"knowing" the father & son through the 
spirit. 
								(john 17:3, mt. 7:22-23, acts 4:12)

 

trinity: created in his image - "knowing" 
the father & son by our spirit 
								through the holy spirit. (john 16:12-15)

 
 gospel of john guide 
- 
questions calling attention to the holy spirit. (john 6:63)

 

baptism in water  -
								"buried with 
him in baptism," (colossians 2:12)
								"born again" 
								of spirit, "not of flesh." (john 1:13)

 

the holy spirit: 
								the "promise of the father."  
								- 
								"i am sending the promise of my father upon you." (luke 24:49, acts 1:4-5)

 

have you received the holy spirit since you believed? -
								"immersed in the holy spirit" (acts 19:2)

 

baptism of the holy spirit - after being "born 
								again" of the spirit being filled with the holy spirit (acts 2:1-4) 

 

christian calling: followers of christ 
-
								"just as the father sent me, so i am sending you." (john  20:21)

 

judging & reproof: warning "fools." -
								"who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity?" psalm 94:16)    

 

death & judgment -
								"and as it is appointed unto men once to die,
								but after this the judgment" (hebrews 9:27, 
philippians 2:9-11 )

 

satan, demons, hell & evil -
								pride & envy (isaiah 14:12-15)

 

false doctrines -
								"but evil men 
and seducers shall wax worse and worse,
								deceiving, and being deceived." (2 timothy 3:13)

 

refuting biblical skeptics 
-
"holy men of god spake as they were
								moved by the holy ghost." (2 peter 1:20-21)

 

god's foundational design - marriage 
& family: "male and female he created them." (genesis 1:27, 2:24, 5:2, matthew 19:4-6)

  
baseless 
attempts to justify lgbtqa+ -
								satan's counterfeits of god's laws of 
nature (jude 1:4)

 


counterfeit biological delusions of satan  -
								"such things are worthy of death." (romans 1:21-32)

 

dr. charles s. price - books, testimonies, & 
golden grain sermons.  god's faith imparted unto us. (mark 11:22-26) 
 
  

17 lessons of the holy spirit  
- 
								entering the kingdom of god & why it pleased god to hide his kingdom 
from the wise (john 3:5-6)
 
 
 
								biblical kingdom resources 
 
								 

								recommended books: biblical edification & 
								wisdom challenges & restoring america's 
								constitutional republic 



 
 the 
								legacy imperative: biblical guide for discussing hard 
								issues with your grandkids?  

 
 

god the 
								original intent: god's hand behind american 
								and world history 

 
 

liberty 
								quest: 
educating people on god’s divine hand in 
								american 
								
 
 


								third great awakening: divine reset of the 
								united states of america and the world 

 
 
 
								flashpoint: focusing biblically on current issues 
								facing america. 
 
								 












 
								 






 


america's constitutional republic

				 america's choice:
				
				constitutional republic - american way of life of liberty & 
				freedom

				 or 
								democrats beehive objective -
								envy to socialism 
								to marxism to communism & serfdom 




				  
america's foundation 
				of biblical precepts - 
				"laws of nature and of nature's god" 

 
								  

								constitutional republic of 
								representation - not a 
								pure "democracy" or theocracy
				
				 
				
electoral college:
								presidential elections - state rights vs. national popular (mob) vote
								
				 
				
voting - citizen civic duty to maintain the constitutional 
				republic for our children

				  
george washington
				- providential founding father - commander in chief & president





 
								





the truth about founders & slavery
 - america did not invent slavery, america ended slavery.   
											
								



				 
				
black founders -
								support of the republic ("all men are created equal.")

				 
				
"patriots of color"© 
				- commemorating those who fought in the war of independence

				 
				
did you know: crucial history 
				- "history is to the nation as memory is to the individual." --
				
				folly’s antidote 

				 
				
america's military 
				history - history of america's military campaigns - freedom is not free

				 
				
veterans 
				comprehensive assistance - benefits, medical, housing, education, 
				employment, grants, more... 

				 
				 
				democrats 
				beehive objective - envy to socialism to marxism to 
				communism

				 
				 
				how to become cowards of men 
				- history lesson: "the peaceful majority were irrelevant.")

				  
warnings against tyranny 
				- "enlightened statesmen will not always be at the helm." --
				
				james madison   

				 
				

				cloward-piven strategy  - democrat orchestrated economic 
				crisis increasing dependence on government. 

				 
				
democrats & illegal immigration 
				-
				economic, institutional  & societal turmoil

				 
				
democrats & abortion 
				- "because you have said, 'we have made a covenant with 
				death...'" --
				isaiah 28:15 

				 
				
democrat racism -
				true history of slavery & democrat history of hindering civil 
				rights    

				  
democrats & 
				children - nea indoctrination of marxism & lgbtqa+ 
				depravity  

				 
				

				taking action for our children - acting on informed choices 
											
								

				 

				constitutional republic resources







				patriotpost.us america's news digest






heritage 
				foundation detailing & promoting constitutional principles







				american minute - daily history with william j. federer


				 















								 




								 




								 

				therefore god highly exalted him and gave him the name which is 
				above every name, that at the name of jesus every knee should 
				bow, of those in heaven and on earth and under the earth, and 
				every tongue should confess that jesus christ is lord, to the 
				glory of god the father.  --philippians 2:9-11 

				 

				son of man, you dwell in the midst of a rebellious house, which 
				have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear 
				not: for they are a rebellious house."  --ezekiel 12:2 

				 

				"who will rise up for me against the evildoers? or who will 
				stand up for me against the workers of iniquity?" --psalms 94:16 
				   

				 

				"nevertheless, if you warn the wicked to turn from his way: if 
				he does not turn from his way, he will die in his iniquity, but 
				you have delivered your life. --ezekiel 33:9   

				 

				"should i keep back my opinion at this time i should consider 
				myself guilty of treason toward my country and treason toward 
				the majesty of heaven, which i revere above all earthy kings"  
				--
				
				"the christian philosophy of patrick henry"  

				 

				"we have no government armed with power capable of contending 
				with human passions unbridled by morality and religion. avarice, 
				ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the strongest cords 
				of our constitution as a whale goes through a net. our 
				constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. it 
				is wholly inadequate to the government of any other." --
				john adams   

				 








our children – the greatest mission field - 
								by judge phil ginn 

				 

				"the divisions in our country go far beyond conservative versus 
				liberal or republican versus democrat. it’s right versus wrong 
				and whether we’ll be able to pass on america’s heritage of 
				liberty and prosperity to our children and grandchildren." --
				robert knight 

				 

				"freedom & liberty are not hereditary: 
								"it is not our duty to 
				leave wealth to our 
								children; but it is our duty to leave liberty" 
								--   
								john dickinson 

								 

								"whenever the pillars of christianity shall be 
								overthrown,
								our present republican forms of government,
								and all the blessings which flow from them, must fall with them."
								--jedediah 
								morse 


				 

				"if a nation expects to be ignorant and free, 
								in a state of 
				civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.” 
				--thomas 
				jefferson

								 

								h.w. prentiss outline for nations progression 
								"from bondage to 
								spiritual faith, to courage,
								to liberty, to 
								abundance, to selfishness,
								to complacency, to 
								apathy, to dependence,
								back to bondage." 

								 

								"the republic was not established by cowards, 
								and cowards will not preserve it." --
								elmer davis  
								 

								 

								"on every question of construction, let us carry 
								ourselves back to the time when the constitution 
								was adopted, recollect the spirit manifested in 
								the debates, and instead of trying what meaning 
								may be squeezed out of the text, or invented 
								against it, conform to the probable one in which 
								it was passed." --thomas 
								jefferson 

								 

								“the first and governing maxim in the 
								interpretation of a statute is to discover the 
								meaning of those who made it.” —james 
								wilson (1790)  

								 






								 





		    
 



				  
 
								 




