










grand bear resort













































                welcome to grand bear resort at starved rock
            

 1 (866) 399-3866
 reservations@grandbearresort.com
























menu

stay 

lodge rooms
cabins & villas
accessible



play 

grand bear falls waterpark
the cave arcade
canyon creek mini golf
birthdays & parties
local attractions



dine 

jack's place
treetops cafe
j.h. higby's bar
bear island bar


meetings & events 

meetings
weddings
birthday parties


calendar

book online













 grand bear resort 

grand bear falls waterpark




 







upcoming events
                        

view suites
                        







 welcome to
                        






spacious villas & cabins
                        

steps from starved rock
                        













view villas
                        

view cabins
                        









comfy guest suites
                        

get comfy with luxury pillowtop beds
                        













view suites
                         












minutes from home, miles from ordinary
hike, play & splash the day away
located just steps from starved rock state park





escape the ordinary with a magical family getaway
-------
nestled just off i-80 in the beautiful illinois valley, we offer an oasis of relaxation and adventure - a destination where waterpark fun meets the great outdoors! a truly unforgettable place to unwind, play, meet, dine and explore with family and friends :)












grand bear falls











creekside mini golf











the cave arcade
























deluxe cabin











vacation villa











family suite









accommodations for groups of all sizes
-------
grand bear offers a variety of roomy and comfortable accommodations from our main lodge hotel rooms to private 2-bedroom villas and 3-bedroom cabins.

                        whether you're a party of two - or eighteen, our spacious guest units will accommodate groups and gatherings of all sizes.










explore nature and hike the day away

immerse yourfelf in nature with stroll through the serene rivers and streams at starved rock, matthiessen & buffalo rock state parks. illinois valley is truly unlike anywhere else in illinois. trek the beautiful landscape of the towering canyons and waterfalls and you're sure to find yourself anticipating what lies beyond the next bend.




.1 mi




starved rock state park
explore







1.5 mi




matthiessen state park
explore







6.5 mi




buffalo rock state park
explore














activities & amenities

activities and amenities vary by season. be sure to check the calendar for details.

view more








info




movies on the mezzanine
grab a bucket of popcorn for a feature presentation, just above the main lobby.







info




canyonside yoga
unwind at one of our sunday morning canyonside yoga sessions.







info




fitness center
no need to drop your routine while visiting with our fitness center and seasonal yoga sessions.















what our guests are saying







recommend it!







came here for a quick overnight get away with my daughters over spring break. great service, lots of activities to do within the resort! would definitely go back and recommend it!




s. losacco
google reviews (5/5)








hope to be back







it was a great resort. we stayed at their vacation villas and it was great. front desk was friendly and so was everyone at the waterpark. starved rock is a 2 mins drive away. totally worth it and we hope to be back.




o. lopez
google reviews (5/5)








we have to return







we went here for my son birthday and we’ll i must say we have to return…it was a very fun experience even though it was cold outside the indoor water park is very fun and great for kids.




yah boy! ap
google reviews (5/5)












say in the know

subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive savings, offers and the latest news.


















discover a magical family getaway tucked just beyond the glow of chicagoland at starved rock's own grand bear resort!



more info

upcoming events
locals
giftcards
guest portal



   

ada conformance
privacy policy
blackout calendar
employment opportunities



get in contact


 2643 il route 178, utica, il 61373
 1 (866) 399-3866
 reservations@grandbearresort.com











copyright 2025 grand bear resort all rights reserved.






















































