






dublin castle | the nerve centre of historical power in ireland

















































home
plan your visit

tickets and times
book tickets
tours
audio guide


what’s on

2022 centenary


about

history
viking excavation
medieval tower
state apartments
chapel royal
castle gardens
podcasts
strategic framework plan


collection

introduction
highlights
research


education

citizens curate

history
art


schools
community
activity sheets
irish sign language

visual art
history
museum objects


talks
dementia friendly
portfolio preparation


venue hire

overview
venues

conferencing
dinners and receptions
outdoor events
undiscovered spaces


capacity
catering
technology
the events team


english

gaeilge


 


select page


  
 
 














book tickets to the state apartments









hire one of our unique spaces for your special event











 state apartments audio guide






welcome to dublin castle
constructed in the early thirteenth century on the site of a viking settlement, dublin castle served for centuries as the headquarters of english, and later british, administration in ireland. in 1922, following ireland’s independence, dublin castle was handed over to the new irish government. it is now a major government complex and a key tourist attraction. we hope you enjoy your visit.




calendar
please click here for our calendar of events.





opening times
open all year round
monday – sunday and public holidays 09:45 – 17.45
last admission at 17:15
closed 25 – 27 december and 1 january
average length of visit: guided tour 1 hour. self guided tour 30 minutes.
admission is by guided tour with a self guiding option also available.






book your ticket to the state apartments








the castle blog
read the latest posts below, and click through to the full castle blog for all news updates.






imogen stuart exhibition

the coach house gallery, dubhlinn gardens, dublin castle 3rd november 2023 - 18th february 2024 the office of public works (opw) is delighted to host the exhibition imogen, a celebration of imogen stuart’s long career spanning more than 7 decades. born in germany in...




elemental. an appreciation of the extraordinary life and work of veronica bolay rha

the coach house gallery, dublin castle20th october 2022 - 19th march 2023the office of public works, in association with the paul kane gallery, is proud to present the exhibition on the extraordinary life and work of veronica bolay. veronica was born in 1941 in...




the objects of love exhibition

state apartment galleries, dublin castle 29th september 2022 – 29th january 2023 the office of public works in association with holocaust awareness ireland presents the objects of love by oliver sears. this poignant exhibition tells the fate of individual lives torn...








 








faq
contact us
privacy policy
sitemap
 






facebook




x




instagram


© the office of public works 
































