  



quality soldering, desoldering, smt rework, pick-up and fume extraction





  
     



    your cart (0)                    your cart is empty add items to get started  continue shopping   

 
        shop products    soldering   desoldering   smt rework   multi-tasking   fume extraction   accessories   sales & promotions         product search     search        sign in     0   

    
exclusive deals - get 15% off and more

    sign in get connected    in    818 989-2324                   0      product search             sign in   



global account log in





email address



password



forgot password?

register






  0     secure checkout        


 sign in





sales & promotions


soldering


desoldering


smt rework


multi-tasking


fume extraction


accessories


 sign in get connected    in  




     




























































save 15%



get started










soldering







desoldering







smt rework







fume extraction







accessories







multi-tasking






manufacturing in california since 1961


edsyn is a world class manufacturer of quality soldering, desoldering, smt rework, pick-up and fume extraction products for the electronics industry. edsyn is an acronym which stands for engineering dedicated to suit your needs. our company has been founded on that principle and we continue to work and live by that standard of quality to this day. we celebrate the fact that edsyn has been in operation for over 60 years and remains a family-owned and managed business continuing to manufacture in van nuys, california.










bga site prep & smt rework station



this groundbreaking technology introduces the most effective and innovative site preparation system for bga's, plcc's, qfp's and other fine pitch devices using soldering and desoldering functions from one handpiece.



shop now







"the original" deluxe soldapullt



designed for heavy duty applications and our most popular selling hand desoldering tool, the ds017 is still made at the edsyn, inc. factory located in van nuys, california.



shop now





soldering collection



edsyn engineers patented the first temperature controlled soldering instrument in 1971 and trademarked it loner® because it stood in a class of its own.  decades later and still using this trademark, edsyn has created a complete line of loner® soldering instruments, stations and tips to suit your needs.



shop now








performance at its best



high performance soldering in a micro-processor controlled and digital station. the 2020 is at home in any production or r&d environment where strict temperature control is essential.



model 2020







production ready



a redesign of the popular 951sx, the edsyn model 951sxe is a highly dependable, costefficient temperature-controlled station. this unit is a reminder that while technology can be complicated, the tools and products used to build or repair it don’t have to be.



model 951sxe







most popular



the 951sx is a solid, durable soldering station with a broad range of use, suitable for anyone from hobbyist to professional technician.



model 951sx





desoldering collection



edsyn invented the industry’s first patented desoldering hand tool back in 1961 known as the soldapullt. this spring-loaded, hand- held vacuum device launched an industry revolution that continues to this day.



shop now








fast production



for faster production desoldering processes, technicians turn to edsyn’s auto-vac ds317 for its advanced capabilities. this esd- safe unit delivers automatic and uninterrupted production, eliminating the need for manual reloading.



model ds317







high performance



for production environments looking for a more robust method of solder removal especially for multi-layer boards; a desoldering station is the bestwaytogo.



shop now







the original deluxe soldapullt



"the original" deluxe soldapullt with srt12 tip and ods31 o-ring. the story of the world's first desoldering tool is well-documented and millions are familiar with this now famous blue and yellow model.



model ds017





smt collection



smt has many advantages but is not without its challenges. mistakes occur whether its the result of a pick & place machine, the operator or a technician manually working the circuit board. whatever the reason, a quality smt hot air system is essential in correcting and reworking pcb’s and their components.



shop now








production ready



model 1036 self-contained smt hot air station is an economical and efficient option for smt devices or rework. the built-in air pump makes it perfect for lab type environments or smaller workshops where shop-air is not available.



model fxf11







deluxe and versatile



model 1036dx self-contained hot air station is a truly flexible solution for rework as it offers the option of hot air or soldering from one handle. having its own built-in pump makes it perfect for those with no access to shop air.



model 1036dx







compact & powerful



specifically designed for rohs and lead-free applications including heavy-duty and multi-layer boards that require more power. compared to other hot air stations, the 971hae is lightweight, portable and compact freeing up space on the workbench.



model 971hae





fume extraction collection



edsyn values a safe working environment for its customers and has provided a full range of fume extraction solutions called the fuminator line. from smaller bench top units to heavier duty volume fume extraction systems, all of our solutions are manufactured to strict quality standards and are virtually maintenance free.



shop now




innovation at its best - bench top fume extraction






innovation at its best



the fxf11 is a powerful two-stage bench top fume extraction unit delivering excellent removal of fumes and particles directly from the face of the operator.



model fxf11







new and improved



we're thrilled to share the new and improved look of edsyn's much-loved fxf12 fuminator bench top fume extractor, now with a separate 2-in-1 wet/dry tip cleaner module.



model fxf12





accessories collection



edsyn is proud to present a complete line of accessories and production aids specifically designed to complement our current line of soldering, desoldering and smt stations.



shop now








dry soldering tip cleaner



the low-abrasive dry soldering tip cleaner minimizes thermal shock without causing temperature fluctuations as seen with traditional sponges.



model ea439-c







wet & dry soldering tip cleaner



compatible with all edsyn soldering or desoldering stations, this convenient 2-in-1 dry and wet tip cleaner is designed to enhance efficiency by reducing corrosion and extending the lifespan of tips, whether lead free or leaded.



model sh237







portable vacuum pick up tool



edsyn’s most popular vacuum pick-up tool is compact, lightweight and esd safe. it is designed for picking up a wide range of electronic components safely without damaging sensitive parts.



model lp200









don't forget a pair of tweezers!




about edsyn



edsyn is a world class manufacturer of quality soldering, desoldering, smt rework, pick-up and fume extraction products for the electronics industry. edsyn is an acronym which stands for engineering dedicated to suit your needs. our company has been founded on that principle and we continue to work and live by that standard of quality to this day.  we celebrate the fact that edsyn has been in operation for over 60 years and remains a family-owned and managed business in van nuys, california.



learn more








      need help?  call us: 818 989-2324  message us visit us edsyn inc.15958 arminta streetvan nuys, california 91406    
quick links
quick links 


about us


account


contact us


faqs


videos & socials


order status


wish lists


subscribe


shipping & returns


privacy policy


terms and conditions


site map



   connect with us connect with us                 
stay connected with us

   
 © 2025 edsyn inc. all rights reserved | website designed by switchback  

    chat with us, powered by livechat  

