



 

licensed psychologist specializing in cognitive-behavior therapy




















































frank m. dattilio, ph.d., abppclinical and forensic psychologyclinical services
forensic psychological services
seminars, lectures & workshops
books, tapes & articles

cognitive-behavioral strategies in crisis intervention (fourth edition)
the therapeutic relationship in cognitive-behavioral therapy
case studies within psychotherapy trials: integrating qualitative and quantitative methods
practical approaches to forensic mental health testimony
mental health experts: roles and qualifications for court (2nd ed.)
mental health experts: roles and qualifications
cognitive therapy with children and adolescents: a casebook of clinical practice
treating children and adolescents: a cognitive-developmental approach
cognitive therapy with couples
cognitive therapy with couples: the initial phase of treatment
comprehensive casebook of cognitive therapy
panic disorder: assessment and treatment through a wide angle lens
family psychotherapy treatment planner (2nd ed.)
comparative treatments for relationship dysfunction
brief family therapy homework planner
cognitive-behavioral strategies in crisis intervention
case studies in couple and family therapy: systemic and cognitive perspectives
the saeb system in the treatment of panic disorder
handbook of forensic assessment: psychological and psychiatric perspectives
cognitive-behavioral strategies in crisis intervention
cognitive-behavioral therapy with couples and families: a comprehensive guide for clinicians


foreign translations

books


contact information
introduction



frank m. dattilio, ph.d., abpp, is one of the leading figures in the world in the areas of cognitive-behavior therapy, and clinical and forensic psychology. he received his doctoral training in clinical psychology at temple university in philadelphia, pa and trained in behavior therapy with edna b. foa, phd and the late joseph wolpe, md at temple university school of medicine in the late 1970s. he also completed a post-doctoral fellowship in cognitive therapy with the late aaron t. beck, md through the department of psychiatry at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine in the early 1980s, as well as a fellowship in forensic psychiatry (psychology) under the direction of the late robert l. sadolf, md. he is currently a part-time teaching associate with the department of psychiatry at harvard medical school where he formerly served as an instructor in psychiatry for 14 years.  dr. dattilio is also a full clinical professor of psychiatry (in psychology) with the university of pennsylvania perelman school of medicine where he has taught since 1988. he is a licensed psychologist in the states of pa, nj, ny and de, and is listed in the national register of health service providers in psychology.  he also holds a certificate of professional qualifications (cpq) in psychology with the association of state and provincial psychology boards and is credentialed through interjurisdictional compact (psypact) tap.
dr. dattilio is board certified in both clinical psychology and cognitive-behavioral psychology through the american board of professional psychology (abpp) and received a fellowship certificate of training in forensic psychiatry (psychology) through the department of psychiatry at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine, philadelphia, pennsylvania. he is also a founding fellow of the academy of cognitive therapy (act) and is a fellow in the division of clinical psychology with the american psychological association. he is also a member of the program in psychiatry and the law through harvard medical school. dr. dattilio has been a visiting faculty member at many major universities and medical schools throughout the world.
he is the recipient of numerous accolades, including the award for distinguished psychologist by the american psychological association’s division 29 (2002) and the award for distinguished contributions to the science and profession of psychology by the pennsylvania psychological association (2002). dr. dattilio has also been inducted into the prestigious college of physicians of philadelphia for his many contributions to medicine and science (2004), and is the recipient of the 2005 association for behavioral and cognitive therapies (abct) award for “outstanding contribution by an individual for clinical activities.” dr. dattilio also received the 2007 award for distinguished contributions to psychology and humankind by the philadelphia society of clinical psychology, as well as the marriage and family therapist of the year award for 2010 by the pennsylvania association of marriage and family therapy (pamft). he is the recipient of the “outstanding contribution to marriage and family therapy award” for 2013 by the american association for marriage and family therapy (aamft) and most recently received the distinguished service award to the profession of psychology by the american board of professional psychology (abpp) in 2021.
dr. dattilio’s active areas of research involve selected topics in cognitive-behavior therapy, clinical and forensic psychology, and case-based investigations. he has been featured in “harvard science” and continues to provide grand round presentations to the faculty and staff on a variety of topics including the self care of mental health professionals.
dr. dattilio has over 300 professional publications (peer reviewed) and 15 books in the areas of anxiety disorders, crisis intervention, forensic and clinical psychology, and marital and family discord. several of these books are in their 2nd, 3rd and 4th editions. he is a world class educator who has presented lectures and keynote addresses extensively throughout the united states, canada, africa, south africa, the middle east, europe, south america, asia, australia, new zealand, mexico, cuba, scandinavia and the west indies on both cognitive-behavior therapy and forensic psychology. click here to view a list of presentations. to date, his works have been translated into 30 languages and are used in 80 countries throughout the world.
among his many publications, dr. dattilio is the co-author of the books, the therapeutic relationship in cognitive-behavior therapy: a clinician’s guide (2017), as well as case studies within psychotherapy trials: integrating qualitative and quantitative methods (2017) and more recently the lead editor of the book, cognitive behavioral strategies in crisis intervention (fourth edition) 2023. he is also the author of the book, cognitive-behavior therapy with couples and families: a comprehensive guide for clinicians (2010). this book has been translated into 17 languages.
additional co-authored, edited and co-edited books include:

crime and mental illness (2008)
practical approaches to forensic mental health testimony (2007)
mental health experts: roles and qualifications for court (1rst ed, 2002; 2nd ed, 2007)
cognitive therapy with couples (1990)
panic disorder: assessment & treatment through a wide angle lens (2000)
the family psychotherapy treatment planner (2000) (2nd ed., 2010)
the family therapy homework planner (2000) (2nd ed., 2010)
handbook of forensic assessment: psychological and psychiatric perspectives (2011)
comprehensive casebook of cognitive therapy (1992)
cognitive-behavioral strategies in crisis intervention (1994) (2nd ed., 2000) (3rd ed., 2007) (4th ed., 2023)
cognitive therapy with children and adolescents: a casebook for clinical practice (1995) (2nd ed., 2003)
comparative treatments for couple dysfunction (2000)
case studies in couples and family therapy: systemic and cognitive perspectives (1998)

dr. dattilio has also filmed several professional videotapes and audiotapes including the popular series “five approaches to linda” (lehigh university media, 1996) and remains on the editorial board of a number of national and international refereed journals, including the new england journal of medicine and numerous journals published by the american psychological association. dr. dattilio’s areas of expertise include couple and family problems, forensic psychological evaluations, as well as the treatment of anxiety and behavior disorders.


recent books







the therapeutic relationship in cognitive-behavioral therapy
by nikolaos kazantzis, frank m. dattilio, and keith s. dobson
available through guilford press.









case studies within psychotherapy trials: integrating qualitative and quantitative methods
edited by daniel b. fishman, stanley b. messer, david j.a. edwards, frank m. dattilio
available through oxford university press.









cognitive-behavioral strategies in crisis intervention (2023) (fourth edition)
edited by frank m. dattilio, daniel i. shapiro & d. scott greenaway
available through guilford press.


view all booksforeign translations


view the comprehensive listing of dr. dattilio’s books and articles that have been translated into various languages.


view translations
© 2025 frank m. dattilio
site by: ssmcreative







