










illinois numismatic association - ilna



















 
ilna





toggle navigation




navigation








home
membership
about us
education
ilna yearly show
illinois coin shows
the ilna digest
links
ilna clubs
officers
sponsors

































illinois numismatic association (ilna)
promoting numismatics in illinois since 1959



join ilna today »
want an ilna polo shirt? click   >> here  for more info!



illinois numismatic association
ilna past and present
the idea for a state organization was formed when a group of collectors got together at the corn belt coin club show in 1959 to discuss numismatics in general. the first organizational 
meeting was held at the peoria coin club show at the hotel pere marquette in september of 1959. goals of the new state organization were to further numismatics through knowledge and to 
promote annual three-day shows around the state by hosting clubs. officers elected at this first meeting were: president-ralph winquist of rockford, vice president-glenn murphy of arlington, 
treasurer-bob okell of bloomington, and secretary-marjorie baker of peoria. governors elected  were: lester beatty, jesse peters, james kaczor, walter loud, connie anderson, charles moler, 
and kenneth mabray. dues were set at $1.00 per year. 

from this beginning in 1959, shows were held in peoria, chicago, centralia, mattoon, springfield, lasalle, joliet, and moline in the ensuing years. some of the shows were quite large 
as the hobby grew in the 70's and 80's.  learn more  »»here




ilna news

2025 ilna convention  ilna will be returning to the tinley park convention center! the show is scheduled for september 4th, 5th, and 6th 2025. see the flyer at the bottom of the page for complete details.


what's new at the ilna digest >>ilna digest
learn about the newman numismatic portal. >> nnp article
check out john kent's article about online coin clubs! >> here
click here >> ilna at the arlington rotary club harvest fest  
click here >> ilna at the rockford coin club show  






2025 ilna annual show








click on the image above to download the  show application as a pdf file.





















to become a sponsor of the ilna web site or annual show, contact john kent






 






 









home | 
membership | 
about us | 
education | 
ilna yearly show | 
illinois coin shows | 
the ilna digest | 
links | 
ilna clubs
officers | 
sponsors | 


site copyright 1999-2025 by illinois numismatic association - email: 
webmaster ilna all rights
reserved ©














