









photography classes near me - 4,113 tutors available
 


























  











take photography classes in the united states🥇 personalized photography classes
💻 4,113 photography tutors available
💸 secure payments
🔒 verified reviews
what would you like to learn?









near meonline
search











excellent







reviews on


superprof
arts & hobbies
private photography tutors
 
the top photography tutors near me














rish
 (webcam)
5
(15 reviews)


ambassador

10 years of experience in fashion & wedding photography, i'll teach you secrets of art, craft and business of it

$99/h






ella
new york (face to face & webcam)
5
(10 reviews)


ambassador

published photographer of 7+ yrs teaches introduction to photography! lessons personalized for each student!

$60/h


1st lesson free






orel
los angeles (face to face & webcam)
5
(11 reviews)


ambassador

full time photographer teaches you how to improve your skills and tips to go pro.

$60/h


1st lesson free






sammy
 (face to face & webcam)
5
(7 reviews)


ambassador

portrait photographer with six years of experience teaches photography, and adobe creative suite.

$85/h






natalia
orlando (face to face & webcam)
5
(7 reviews)


ambassador

an accomplished industry professional with a rich background spanning over ten years. she excels as a photographer, filmmaker, and journalist. her expertise encompasses macro photography, landscapes,

$35/h


1st lesson free






janet
milwaukee (webcam)
5
(16 reviews)


experienced

professional photographer for 20+ years. intro to photography with nikon gear + editing in adobe lightroom. learn how to use your camera, lenses and editing software to create photos you love!

$45/h






jason
lansing (face to face & webcam)
5
(8 reviews)


experienced

learning photography?  dslr camera?  lighting? exposure? off camera flash?  studio lighting?  i can help!

$25/h


1st lesson free






jaimie
queens (face to face & webcam)
5
(13 reviews)


experienced

private/small group photography lessons taught by cuny professor of photography @ hourly rate online & in person.  instruction for practical /technical skills, conceptual /artistic elevation, critique

$100/h


1st lesson free






toranj
los angeles (face to face & webcam)
5
(5 reviews)


experienced

celebrity photographer with forbes and rolling stone covers offers private lessons!  with a career that led to being one of the youngest photographers to shoot the cover of forbes at 24, i bring a wea

$150/h


1st lesson free






carol
new york (face to face & webcam)
4.8
(5 reviews)


super prof

master photography with a parsons school or design professor (20+ years): advanced skills in composition, lighting, and storytelling

$75/h






bruce
oakley (face to face & webcam)
5
(4 reviews)


experienced

capture brilliance! canon specialist. learn camera basics, manual mode, composition, lighting, flash, editing in lightroom/photoshop. panoramic, hdr, landscape, real estate, flash, portrait mastery.

$99/h






thurayya
new york (webcam)
5
(16 reviews)


super prof

learn how to see the world through a photographer's lens. my lessons will guide you in capturing emotions, stories, and beauty in every shot.

$35/h






see more tutors





5
/5
our star teachers with a 5 star rating and more than 841 reviews.

21
$/hthe best prices: 95% of teachers offer their first lessons for free and the average lesson cost is $21/hr

3
hquick as lightning, our teachers usually respond in less than 3hrs

learning photography has never been this simple


1. find 
your perfect photography tutorconsult tutor profiles freely and contact your ideal tutor according to your needs (prices, qualifications, reviews, home or webcam lessons)


2. arrange 
your lessonsexchange with your tutor, explain your needs and discuss availabilities. schedule your lessons and pay them securely, all from your inbox


3. discover new experiencesthe incredible student pass gives you unlimited access to all tutors, coaches, and masterclasses.  discover new passions with fabulous people.
our former students review their photography tutors
nicolasphotography tutor




nicolas was an amazing tutor. i had never used a nice camera before, and was completely new to photography. he taught me the basics from scratch, and in a single lesson i learned enough to get started. he was patient and easy going, and has...katherine, 2 weeks ago

toranjphotography tutor




knowledgeable 
clear
concise 
easy to understand 
super pleasant haitham, 1 month ago

joshphotography tutor




josh was well prepared, accommodating, and set a great tone during our first session. i’m looking forward to working with him and believe he’ll better prepare me for my photography goals.michael, 1 month ago

edwardphotography tutor




we had a meeting with him. he’s fantastic! he was very responsive, friendly, and knowledgeable . he’s working with my 18 year old son and he has a great way of communicating with him. love his energy! we are looking forward tk working with him. karen, 1 month ago

orelphotography tutor




fantastic teacher! learned so much in a small amount of time. great space and even better vibe! very encouraging with knowledge on all things photography! thanks so much. ciara, 1 month ago

jasonphotography tutor




he was present, thorough and what i needed to step into a new phase.linda, 2 months ago


faq
💰what is the average price of photography lessons?
the average price of photography  lessons is $21.the price of your lessons depends on a number of factorsthe experience of your teacherthe location of your lessons (at home, online, or an outside location)the duration and frequency of your lessons97% of teachers offer their first lesson for free.find a private tutor near you.
✒️ how are our photography tutors rated?
these reviews, which have been added directly from students and their experience with photography tutor on our platform, serve as a guarantee to the seriousness of our teachers. reviews obtain their value as they are validated by the community, highlighting the quality of teachers who benefit from positive feedback from their students.from a sample of 841  tutors, students rated their private tutors 5 out 5.if you have any issues or questions, our customer service team is available to help you.you can view tutor ratings by consulting the reviews page.
🎓how many tutors are available to give photography lessons?
4,113 tutors are currently available to give photography lessons near you.you can browse the different tutor profiles to find one that suits you best.find your tutor from among 4,113 profiles.
💻 can you learn photography online?
on superprof, many of our photography tutors offer online classes.to find online lessons, just select the webcam filter in the search engine to see the available tutors offering online courses in your desired subject. 

do you want to learn photography?choose from a wide variety of talented photography tutors!


see more tutors
let's go!

essential information  about your photography lessons✅ average price :$21/h✅ average response time :3h✅ tutors available :4,113✅ lesson format :face-to-face or online

browse all our photography lessons
by city
atlanta
baltimore
boston
bridgeport
charlotte
chicago
dallas
denver
detroit
el paso
fort worth
jacksonville
las vegas
los angeles
louisville
nashville
new york
philadelphia
phoenix
portland
salt lake city
san antonio
san diego
san francisco
san jose
seattle
washington
online

by level
advanced
beginner
children

by subject
digital photography
film & cinema
film photography
food photography
photo development
photo journalism
portrait photography
wedding photography
acting
chess
drawing
painting

by country
argentina
australia
austria 
brazil
canada
chile
colombia
costa rica
czechia
denmark 
finland
flanders
france
germany
hungary
india
indonesia 
ireland 
israel
italy
japan 
luxembourg
malaysia 
mexico
morocco
netherlands
new zealand 
nigeria
norway
panama
peru
poland 
portugal
romania
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
switzerland (german) 
turkey
ukraine
united arab emirates
united kingdom
uruguay
wallonia

why not sign up for a photography class with one of our private tutors?
hire private photography tutors in the usa to learn all you need!
photography is all about capturing life at the moment, so you can savor that slice of time later on and maybe even share it with others.
these days everyone carries smartphones with powerful built-in cameras, making photography an integral part of the digital experience. it’s no wonder that taking pictures has become a passion for many of us.
while these cameras are mostly point-and-shoot, they also have many hidden capabilities that can help you take better pictures. knowledge of these features differentiates the amateurs from expert photographers. also, cameras are complex instruments, and you will have to experiment a lot if you are just starting as a photographer.
if you want to avoid mistakes and learn from the best out there, sign up for private tutoring sessions offered by superprof.
private tutors can teach you how to use cameras properly to get artistically satisfying results.
get expert photography skills through our private lessons
taking pictures and posting it on social media has become a norm nowadays due to which many photographers and bloggers have turned to photography to tell their stories.
how would you like to capture a story and make a career out of it?
you have the power to turn your surroundings into live masterpieces, and our tutors can help you convert your hobby into a money-making talent.
here’s how you can do that with our expert advice and help.
learn everything you need to about your camera
are you aware of every button on your camera and what it does? do you know everything about the various modes, aperture settings, and other features?
learning about your camera should not be a chore, but an enjoyable experience so that you can quickly learn how to capture a live moment in its impeccable glory.
the private tutors at superprof are experts at dslr and digital camera photography, and you’ll also find some vintage camera enthusiasts among our tutors. they also understand the art of photography and know just how to make learning more fun for you.
pick any camera, hire a tutor, and you’ll soon be clicking away at intimate details of the nature around you with our private photography lessons.
study the fundamentals
do you have in-depth knowledge about hdr, long exposure shots, or studio effects?
if you are a beginner, it’s important to first learn all about the basics of taking the perfect photograph. for that, you’ll need to understand shot composition, i.e., aligning your picture at the ideal angle and various other techniques that lead to a perfect shot.
starting from the basics is the first step to excelling at photography. you can easily log in to youtube and find plenty of tutorials on producing stunning photographs. but there’s no way an online tutorial can outplay a private, in-depth lesson from our professional photography teachers.
learn to edit your pictures with popular software
have you seen how some dslr portraits give a vintage vibe or how some pictures have sharp colors that attract you?
that’s all due to some of the best editing software out there that creates magic on your clicks. many nature and wedding photographers take the help of editing software to add a little punch to the pictures.
be it adobe lightroom or illustrator, our private tutors can help you get a firm grip on ways these programs help you enhance your photo shot.
shoot what you like
life is too short to try your hand at every domain of photography. trying to master various genres of photography at a time can leave you struggling with all of them.
so it’d be best to pick a type of photography and then stick with it. this will help you focus all your energy, passion, and attention on what you’re good at.
you’ll find yourself more motivated to stay on track with the tuition and face any hurdles on your path.
superprof’s private tutors are experts in understanding your domain of interest and cultivating your skills to assist you in making your career as a photographer.
also, you get complete freedom to shoot whatever you want to. whether you are a nature enthusiast or you have a flair for product photography, private tutoring sessions offer you the freedom to excel at what you love.
finding the right photography teacher in usa
so, you want to improve your photography skills and pursue it as a career or want to get better at it as your side hobby. either way, you need to get in touch with a private photography tutor.
with the help of a private tutor, you will learn how each moment can be captured in various ways and how your photographs can be interpreted according to different perspectives.
superprof is proud to offer a range of photographers who provide meaningful insights into areas where you need improvement. they make you aware of all the beautiful things in your surroundings that are ready to be clicked.
all you need to do is determine your requirements, such as the kind of photography skills you need to improve on or what aspect of photography you struggle with the most. after that, analyze the amount of investment you are ready to make to learn from the best tutor out there.
if you have finally decided that you are ready to embrace photography as a passion, visit us today to make this journey worthwhile with our expert teachers.
ready for photography lessons in the usa?
superprof’s professional photographers in the usa will get you started with tailored sessions that enclose all the basics of photography and your camera, especially if you are a beginner. you will get to learn about the different types of portrait modes, light effects, and editing software through our private tutors.
if you are already familiar with the basics of photography, we suggest you take expert level classes that are organized by renowned photography masters who excel at their craft. they will provide all the tips and tricks of photography that will prove to be beneficial at all steps in your career.
also, with our help, you can even cover formal or informal events such as weddings, fine art shows or casual events.
all you need to do is visit our website, get in touch with our expert photography tutors in the usa, and discuss your requirements with them. this way, you can ensure that you learn from the best.
we at superprof are dedicated to offering top-notch quality photography tutoring sessions.
so let’s get started!


what would you like to learn?


aboutwho are we?terms & conditionsprivacy policysuperprof global
online lessons
statessuperprof careersall subjects

arts & hobbies

career development

computer sciences

languages

music

health & well-being

academic tutoring

sports
join the adventure
the superprof blog

helphelp center
contactfollow us




© 2025 superprof, learn with the best!



 

