


look to the past




welcome to our home.  our passion is genealogy and historical preservation.  look to the past focuses mainly on missouri genealogy records, although we also have many records for 

kansas, illinois, and surrounding states.  here you will find cemetery transcriptions and photos, marriage, birth and death records, family histories and much much more.  our mission is to offer free access to 

these records for everyone, that we each may benefit from sharing information.  



missouri vital records by county
kansas vital records by county
nebraska vital records by county
census transcriptions 
cemetery transcriptions


marriage records




 




obituary index
research links

family and surname research

headstone carvings and symbolism

akin cemetery restoration project

awards we've won

 




night time cemetery shots
paranormal website
johnna's blog 
research requests

email johnna
















 search www  search www.looktothepast.com 
  




    thank you for your contributions!
  if you have photos, obituaries, transcriptions or 
  information to contribute, please email me.  
  if you would like to contribute financially, 
  your donation will go toward maintenance of 
  this website and the general cemetery restoration fund.

newest additions:
nebraska biography index  4/09/2024
obituary index  hundreds more obits added!  7/08/2023
ridge cemetery  fremont, dodge county, ne  4/19/2024
memorial cemetery  fremont, dodge county, ne  4/21/2024
calvary cemetery  fremont, dodge county, ne  4/21/2024
valley cemetery  valley, douglas county, ne  7/08/2024
capps family bible  7/30/2023
hazelwood cemetery  springfield, greene county, mo  1/11/2024







    search this site     
    powered by freefind









link to us
 this website is updated on a daily basis.  
  if you don't find what you are looking for here, 
  feel free to send us an email!   
families are forever...not forgotten


copyright © look to the past 2003-2025.  
all material in this website is, unless otherwise stated, the property of look to the past. 
copyright and other intellectual property laws protect these materials. reproduction or 
retransmission of the materials, in whole or in part, in any manner, without the prior written 
consent of the copyright holder, is a violation of copyright law.
  

