






kids fancy dress and nativity costumes from a2z kids uk




















x

    		
      this site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
      if you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
        for more information, please see our
        cookies page.
  
more info
i opt-in to a better browsing experience


          accept cookies        



























change currency


€ - euros



$ - us dollars



£ - british sterling














login
register
my wishlist











items (0)





      £0.00
      $0.00
      0,00 €

      £0.00
      $0.00
      0,00 €

















home
kids costumes





boys costumes
· all boys costumes




girls costumes
· all girls costumes




kids animal costumes
· all kids animal costumes






accessories





categories
· all categories
· aprons, smocks & waistcoats· bags & baskets· cloaks, capes & robes· crowns, tiaras & boppers· ears & noses· fans & parasols· glasses · gloves· hats, helmets & headdresses· jewellery· make up & facepaint· masks· props & other accessories· ties & neckwear· tights & tutus· weapons & armour· wigs




themes
· all themes
· animals· clowns· halloween· knights· nativity· pirates· princesses






accessories






· all 






events







new in
brands





· harry potterview all brands





sale



search






a2z kids - children’s fancy dress costumes


competitions

 | 

about us

 | 

gift vouchers














24 hour delivery
monday to saturday!
view delivery details »








10% discount for schools
terms apply
view details »








free delivery on orders over £75
win a £50 gift voucher!
view details »



















»  
              book day costumes                              
all of their favourite book and film character costumes in one place! view costumes ›






»  
              tv and film fancy dress                              
popular tv and film character costumes for boys and girls! view costumes ›






»  
              disney princesses                              
from belle to ariel and all of the beautiful princesses in between! view costumes ›






»  
              historical fancy dress                              
all the best kids costumes from the major historical periods! view costumes ›






»  
              superhero costumes                              
all your kids favourite superhero costumes in one place! view costumes ›






»  
              animal costumes                              
amazing range of animal costumes from ants to zebras! view costumes ›






»  
              knight fancy dress                              
an incredible range of brave knight and noble king costumes! view costumes ›






»  
              pirate fancy dress                              
all our pirate costumes in one treasure chest! view costumes ›






»  
              bugs &amp; insects                              
an incredible range of creepy crawly fancy dress! view costumes ›

































about a2z kidsgirls fancy dressboys costumes


a2z kids specialise in fancy dress costumes for children. we aim to provide the most comprehensive range of children’s fancy dress and accessories available in the uk online market-place.

we hold stock of all our fancy dress costumes and accessories and can therefore normally deliver any item on a next working day basis and to anywhere in the uk. we can also deliver orders internationally.
we also strive to deliver faultless customer service before and after an order is placed. contact our experienced customer services team for advice and information within working hours. if you would like to talk to us simply call us on 07539 734012 or send us an email with your phone number to teresa@a2z-kids.co.uk
a2z kids.

 we stock an enormous range of girls fancy dress costumes! if you are looking for beautiful princesses, victorian maids, cowgirls or pirates we have the lot!
we also have lots of matching accessories including party shoes, tiaras and fairy wands!
if you need a girls costume for an event such as a book day, school history day, halloween or nativity you are sure to find a perfect costume here!
we're always adding new girls fancy dress costumes to our range and we have a variety of costumes to suit all budgets!
a2z kids.check out our comprehensive range of boys fancy dress costumes!
we have everything from swashbuckling pirates, western cowboys and indians, dashing knights and kings to your kids favourite superhero and tv and film character.
whether its for a book day, school dress up day, halloween or nativity play we have the ideal boys costume for you.
we're always adding new boys fancy dress costumes to our range and we have a variety of costumes to suit all budgets! complete the look by adding accessories for your boys fancy dress.
a2z kids.


a2z kids news...

12th may 2014
kids love to pretend! new role play costumes...
role play stimulates your child's imagination and plays an important role in developing social skill... read more ›


22nd april 2014
back to school - and the birthday parties begin again...
if you're looking for new costume ideas for a birthday party why not take a look at our new world wr... read more ›


2nd april 2014
why not dress up for the easter egg hunt?
hunting for easter eggs has become a firm favourite for families at easter time, so why not make it ... read more ›



customer reviews...



received my order within a day of ordering (ordered on a sunday too) and have a very happy merida from brave and queen athena for world book day today...
read more ›


clare,
10th march 2014




if i could give 6 stars i would!!!! i opted for fast delivery - ordered on the thurs afternoon and got it on sat am in the post.i am in northern irela...
read more ›


susan,
5th march 2014















a2z kids
• about us
• size guide
• school orders
• trade enquiries & accounts
• competitions
• site map




customer service
• delivery information
• returns policy
• privacy & security policy
• cookie policy
• terms & conditions
• contact us





fancy dress events
• book day
• school history day
• halloween
• nativity & christmas










join our exclusive newsletter:
for updates on new costumes, product offers and sales

newsletter signup

join us on facebook
follow us on twitter
read the a2z blog


rss feed



ecommerce by visualsoft

























