


the candy wrapper museum
























the candy wrapper museum, where wrappers are to be enjoyed as art, nostalgia, and humor. 
						    


follow us for more candy fun and book updates!

 

21 collections: every object has a story was on exhibit at the los angeles central library in 2019. the diverse exhibit examined the cultural and historical importance of collecting and how these collections tell  stories of both the collectors and the collections. darlene lacey and her candy wrapper collection was chosen out of 600 potential collectors to be a part of this unique show.



more than a history of the former candy giant necco, this book explores the history of candy, the family of brands saved by necco, and the people who made it happen. on sale now!.

necco–an epic candy tale • purchase at amazon
					      necco–the archive collection • purchase at amazon

by darlene lacey

more about this publication can be found on the publisher's website.




i began collecting wrappers in 1977 with an eye toward the unusual, ironic, and aesthetic, although i also collected "classic" but more mundane wrappers for posterity's sake. i haven't yet counted all the wrappers in my collection, but it's huge. it's stored in a stack of boxes nearly 4 feet high and about 1.5 feet x 2 feet wide. (physics majors - you tell me how many that probably is!)

as frightening as it may seem, i've eaten most of the candy in my collection, and yet i'm not (yet) overweight. i'm sure i owe this to countless intense walks and aerobics sessions. and no, i'm not a diabetic. perhaps this can be attributed to good genes, although knowing my family, this theory is doubtful. maybe it will catch up with me and i'll decompose all at once, like aged candy. (see below.)

one thing i learned the hard way is that no matter how chemically inert or unresembling food a candy product might be, it will eventually become molecularly unstable and turn into a hideous, sticky goo. for this reason, you'll see precious little candy in this museum. however, amazingly enough, the candy i kept actually held up for twenty years before i had to throw most of it out. based on this experience, i'd say 25 years is the point when you've kept the candy too long.































questions? thoughts? e-mail the curator


classic candy: america's favorite sweets, 1950-80
by darlene lacey
available in print and ebook on amazon and other major booksellers world wide.









original content, design, logos and artwork on this website © the candy wrapper museum.




















































































































































































































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















