









brainerd minnesota mn - brainerd lakes vacationland - minnesota vacation









































  


skip to content



  
hot deals
business directory
contact resorts
webcam
blog
 













 









menu - selectresorts & lodgesall resortspet friendlyby lakefour seasonmeal planarea resorts maphot dealsevents calendarwhere to stayresorts & lodgesrv parkshotelscabin rentalsextended staycampgroundsb & breunion lodgingwater parkswhere to eatfine diningdeliverypizzacasual diningbars & brewscoffeefast foodparties & cateringholiday diningthings to dogolfkids & familyshoppingrecreationbikingrent summer equipmentattractionsfishingrent winter equipmentplanning toolsconferencesevents calendarinformation requestweddingsmapstransportationreal estatespecial holidayslocal area info 



search




search












































brainerd mn vacations start here






brainerd, mn is the best location in minnesota to enjoy nature, unplug, and relax from busy life. start planning your mn family vacation today! located in the heart of minnesota, brainerd is known for great family vacations, first-class minnesota resorts and hotels, golf courses, fishing, biking trails, shopping, and much more. enjoy your stay!







need help planning your next vacation?








contact premium resorts







contact all the premiere brainerd lakes resorts at once with the brainerd.com vacation planner!







view brainerd mn weather conditions, alerts & updates































winter lodging














annual winter events














hunting 



















winter rentals














ice fishing














events calendar






















upcoming events






while we try to stay up to date on event cancellations, it is important to check in with the event website or planner before attending any upcoming events. cancellations are happening daily.
please contact us if your event needs a cancellation notice.







view the full brainerd lakes area events calendar








valentine’s fondue for two dinnerfebruary 13 - 15
treat your special someone to a fondue for two experience at sage on laurel. february 13th through the 15th, indulge in an intimate evening of delicious, warm fondue paired with the cozy charm of sage on laurel. reserve your table today.
event details 












valentine’s 5 course dinner – northern pacific centerfebruary 14
celebrate your sweetheart with a curated 5 course dinner by executive chef matt annand. reservations required.
$75/person, menu includes:
friday, feb 14th • 4-9pm
• thai pork stuffed pepper flowers with lemon grass aioli
• ying/yang tempura sashimi
• romaine heart beet salad with golden beet burrata
• surf n’ turf with filet mignon and lobster fried rice
• burning passion fruit creme brule flambé with dark chocolate profiteroles
event details 












valentine’s breakfast buffet – northern pacific centerfebruary 15
love your family with our valentine’s breakfast buffet from 9-2pm saturday, february 15th! it’s the perfect way to celebrate with your family.
valentine’s breakfast buffet
saturday, february 15th • 9am – 2pm
the luminary • northern pacific center
adults $24.99, kids 12 and under $12.99
event details 














quick clicks: what you need in brainerd






annual brainerd lakes area winter events.
view the brainerd mn snow conditions snow report
brainerd lakes winter cabin rentals: book your mn winter vacation today.
brainerd jaycees $150,000 ice fishing extravaganza
brainerd lakes area - vacation and tourism information
pirate's cove adventure golf - the adventures and legends of infamous pirates come to life!
brainerd zip line tour - located on beautiful mount ski gull our zip lines showcase 15 mile views of the lakes area.
brainerd mn resort lodging hot deals from your favorite mn lakes area resorts!
minnesota resorts - experience the tradition of mn resorts right here in the heart of the brainerd lakes area!
brainerd mn golf courses - the brainerd lakes area is home to the best mn golf courses. find your favorite today!
bir: brainerd international raceway (bir) and north central speedway race schedules & event information
maps, maps, maps - brainerd minnesota lake maps - details of the famous lakes in the brainerd area.
paul bunyan trail - find bike trail maps and the history of paul bunyan.
cuyuna mountain bike trail system - new mountain bike trails.
weddings - visit our weddings section to plan for your big day!
kids kountry - children of all ages will find fun in brainerd, mn! find great activities, events, sports, and freebies for kids.
weekly brainerd fishing reports - year-round fishing report from local guide "walleye dan" & professional angler richie boggs.
area shopping and antiques!
brainerd lakes area movie theaters - find the cinema that fits your movie style.
employment in the brainerd lakes area - check the free classifieds ads
transportation - travel in and around the lakes area as well as to and from the airport
 
 
 



























attractions














kids activities














wedding planner
















vacation planner














business directory














real estate

























 














lodging info







resorts & lodgeshotels & motelshot dealsplaces to stayplan your trip








activities







things to docalendar of eventsgolfdininglocal info








information







request a brochurebusiness directoryprivacy & terms of usecontact brainerd.comhome































©2024 brainerd.com | website design by midwest captions, inc.









 
scroll to top













