





trusted harley davidson motorcycle dealer in woodstock, il

















































































skip to main content
 
 








toggle navigation







buying

new inventory
certified pre-owned inventory
pre-owned inventory
bargain bikes
custom order request






selling

trade in your bike
sell your bike
consign your bike
rider 2 rider



finance department

get approved
insurance providers
h-d® visa
promotions



parts & service

parts department
service department
priority maintenance program
extended service plan
custom coverage



apparel

apparel promotions
the shirt shop



learn/rent/tour

jumpstart™
learn to ride
adventure bike training
advanced riding classes
motorcycle rentals
motorcycle tours



customer corner

event calendar
referrals
storage options

blog



about us


work with us
motorcycle tech training
hall of honor
contact us







woodstock harley-davidson®

2235 s. eastwood drive
 woodstock, il 60098
us

phone: (815) 337-3511
email: c.madsen@windycityhd.com,j.ellis@windycityhd.com,c.mcinnis@windycityhd.com

fax:
			(815) 337-3571







we buy bikes!click here


join our email listclick here





woodstock harley-davidson®
2235 s. eastwood drive, woodstock, il 60098 (815) 337-3511






woodstock harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in woodstock, il, near hartland and ridgefieldwoodstock harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in woodstock, il, near hartland and ridgefield
to hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in todayto hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in today
woodstock harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in woodstock, il, near hartland and ridgefieldwoodstock harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in woodstock, il, near hartland and ridgefield








previous



pause



next









shop hundreds of new units
shop over 1,000 used units






$100
per month






$200
per month






$400
per month














street®





sportster®





dyna®





softail®





v-rod®





touring





trike





cvo™





electric





adventure touring






previous



next















our story

					owned and operated by riders for riders, our staff lives and breathes the lifestyle with a passion for the iconic harley-davidson® brand. our core pledge to our valued customers always begins choice, convenience and value. we're engaged in our communities and strive to connect one-on-one with you every day to meet and exceed your expectations long after the purchase.
					

					visit woodstock harley-davidson® today to fulfill your personal dreams to freedom on the open road. we have access to one of the largest inventories of up to 1,000 new and quality pre-owned motorcycles in the country. our sales associates will guide you with bike selection, proper fitting and test rides. no matter which bike you decide on, our professional finance team will go the extra mile to make sure you get competitive financing and worry-free warranties. check out our award-winning service, parts and accessories and motorclothes® departments.
					

					if you're new to riding, take a comprehensive, riding course by registering online for one of our many chicago & milwaukee motorcycle school classes. try before you buy with chicago motorcycle rentals to see which bike suits your riding style best. continue your journey with awesome adventures with group rides at chicago motorcycle tours. find out for yourself firsthand, why our customers ultimately become raving fans!
				
















social



facebook
like woodstock harley-davidson® on facebook! (opens in new window)




instagram
follow woodstock harley-davidson® on instagram! (opens in new window)


h.o.g. chapter


email club




text club





hours

mon - tue out riding
wed - fri 10:00am - 6:00pm

saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm
sunday 10:00am - 4:00pm







links

get approved
service
parts
apparel
value your bike
contact us
locations










dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


privacy notice
website privacy policy
terms
accessibility
site map








































 
  text us! 

x


        hi there, have a question? 
        send us a text!
    

 



