










soundness with sayde yoga classes in cedar rapids, ia




































 












319.447.9566
sayde@soundnesswithsayde.com



facebook




x


 





facebook




x



 












home
yoga therapy
testimonials
sayde’s soapbox (blog)
about us
pay online
 





select page


  
 



 



 










soundness with sayde yoga
 om shanti. welcome.


welcome to soundness with sayde.welcome to yoga in the cedar rapids area, nationally and abroad.welcome to the opportunity to enhance your life, inside and out.welcome to a soundness of body, mind, and spirit.welcome to right now.

some of us need yoga to find peace of mind.some of us need yoga to regain the freedom we felt in our bodies as children.some of us need yoga to build strength.some of us need yoga to learn how to just sit and breathe.

yoga is more than breathing.yoga is more than stretching.yoga is a total health experience.eight to eighty, small to large, yoga is for every-body!











soundness with sayde
can easily be invited into your life.
 with 20 years of teaching experience and a ms in yoga therapy, sayde has been bringing soundness to people in a variety of ways for decades.
call sayde 319.447.9566 to try your first group yt (yoga therapy) session for free. join us!




















group yoga therapy (yoga classes)
more than a yoga class, group therapy sessions with sayde are tailored.  checking in with each participant and coaxing out the general source of dis-ease (mental, physical, emotional, spiritual) aids me in guiding those in the session to freedom of movement, release of negative patterns of thought/behavior/action, and return to self.  please reach out with any questions or concerns.  i look forward to seeing you soon! 
your first session is free.  just schedule below or text 319.447.9566



please fill out these encrypted, private forms before class:

consent form

group yoga intake form





10 am sundaysin the studio at illuminations
schedule



5:15 pm wednesdaysin the studio at illuminations
schedule



6:30 pm wednesdaysin the studio at illuminations
schedule



private yoga therapyin studio or zoom
text/call sayde(319) 447-9566







other yoga classes
sayde also teaches prenatal, chair, baby, and kid’s classes in the community.






alpacakidsprenatalchair corporate1:1baby



yoga with the alpacas – may through september

bring a mat and join sayde in the field for yoga with the alpacas, on the last sunday of the month, may – september.  register through schedulicity!
chickens and alpacas, whippets, birds, fish, and lizard live together in joy on this peaceful eastern iowa farm. find the farm at 69 western college rd, cedar rapids, ia, 52404
rainbow feathers farms can be found selling their lovely wool, socks, gifts and more at their farm store on saturday mornings and at alpaca days. for a calm moment at your computer, tune into the alpaca cam.

 
yoga for kids | wednesdays 4:45 – 5:30 pm | at unity center of cedar rapids (3791 blairs ferry rd ne)
let your child find the fun and focus that a yogic practice can bring.  yoga for kids is full of exploration for your child, and additionally in 2022 will aim to increase breath practices and parasympathetic nervous system activation.
recommended for ages 6-12, though siblings and friends can come together regardless of age.  for sensitive, shy, or the youngest children, we welcome an adult to stay and join.
register via schedulicity. $15 for one child, $10 for each sibling. the current policy is vaxxed or masked, and even vaxxed will keep their masks on until they are on their mats and can choose to keep it on through the class.  practice materials are available, though bringing your own is highly recommended.

on hold – watch here for the next prenatal yoga class

keep your body, mind, and spirit healthy during your pregnancy!  

postures (asana) will keep your joints aligned and muscles strong. yoga has been proven to keep back and joint pain at bay and helps the body return to a toned and lean state faster.
mental focus (dharana) brings you present in your ever-changing growth and eases the birthing process.
breath (pranayama) leads to relaxation and dispersion of hormones which keeps you serene.

this class is about pregnancy, for pregnant moms, so join us. it is a treat for yourself and baby.

on hold – watch here for the next chair yoga session
this class is perfect for those post-surgery, wheelchair users, or aging. everyone is welcome in this class that utilizes the chair, wall, and mat. body awareness, alignment, breathing, and stress relief techniques are practiced so that balance can be mastered in the mind.

with a little bit of space and organization, the workplace can be tranquil. before the classes begin, participants are contacted and each person’s needs are taken into consideration; even special needs are accommodated. you do not have to know your co-workers well to enjoy spending this time together. leave work with a smile on your face.
class times available over the lunch hour or after work. many insurance programs are offering discounts to those businesses offering preventative health care options. look into it!
from $70 per 45-70 minute session

there’s no need for commuting, parking, or even putting on your shoes. the only thing that is required is about 4×8 of floor space.
an individualized yoga class, complete with props, will arrive at your door. the class regimen will be tailored to your own personal needs and syallabi will be created for you, with addendums to follow. up to two of your friends may also be invited to revel in the peace of an individualized yoga workout.
private sessions last from 45 minutes, to 1 hour 15 minutes, depending upon your scheduling needs.from $60 per 45-75 minute session.

on hold – watch here for the next baby & me yoga session
baby and me yoga invites moms and/or dads to practice yoga with babies from ages 6-weeks to 2 years. this class is just long enough to gain balance, without being too long for baby. it’s a playgroup with spirit. bring your own mat and a blanket for baby.
this is a class about families, for families. the little members mostly “ooh” and “aah” in fascination with what the older babies and parents are doing. the older babies are encouraged to try what they can and are allowed to wander to other mats to make new friends. we have seen plenty of “firsts” (rolling over, crawling, singing) and we look forward to seeing your family come play yoga.









stay in touch!subscribe to the newsletter for sound news from sayde, schedule updates, and relevant community events!





success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe










followfollow





pay with venmo
venmo @saydeyoga


pay securely with paypal
you may pay online or when you arrive at class.





yoga class
single class - 15 usd4 classes - 50 usdkids sibling - 10 usd










 











facebook




x


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 












 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website















































