




retro rockets - vintage supermodified archive







vintage supermodified archive










  1/9/2009
  
...



  sorry if you have been getting a message from google that says the site may harm your computer. this is in
  reference to an incident about a year ago when the site got attacked. the site has been clean for a
  long time, but google is not smart enough to clear the message on their own. so i just pushed for a
  review and the message should be off google soon. sorry for the confusion.
  message to google..."you lazy bully!"



  updates to the bingo shuffle on the last page, "assembling the story".
  



  a reader writes in...
  "hi, since i was at sandusky speedway in the 60's,and have spent time with the gresley's at their home,if there is any     questions about bingo 5-bingo 151-or gordinski,why don't you call jim gresley on 11 mile rd in ceresco,mi ( battle creek).he   should have a little idea about things,cannonball was his dad(i think) and they lived side by side out in the country
  you do have some relly neat pictures,even if a few have the wrong names on them. thanks".



  noel terry writes in "do you have any pictures of the old alviso speedway in alviso,calif.?"


retrorockets staff








photo archives:





volume 1


volume 2


volume 3


volume 4


volume 5


volume 6




volume 7


volume 8


volume 9


volume 10


volume 11


volume 12




volume 13


volume 14


volume 15


volume 16


volume 17


volume 18




volume 19


volume 20


volume 21


volume 22


volume 23


volume 24




volume 25


volume 26


volume 27


volume 28


volume 29


volume 30




volume 31


volume 32


volume 33


volume 34


volume 35


volume 36




volume 37


volume 38


volume 39


volume 40


volume 41


volume 42




volume 43


volume 44


volume 45
















  photo archive
   picture index 


please direct correspondence to the photo archives administrator





feature pages:





 ernie and bob june 


 harold brown 


 johnny benson 




  jim shampine 


  mort anderson 


  short history of rear engined cars at oswego 




  nolan johncock 


  todd gibson at indy 


kenny reece's super with three right wheels. (a       donald wilcox/open wheel article archived on jakessite.com).
  



  burdette bennett 


 restoration - paul richardson #427 


 restoration - tammy ten 




 restoration - bob knoll #9 


 restoration - jim cheney #1 


 restoration - keenan-addy roadster #35 (johnny logan) 




 joe hlywka


 harry jones


 restoration by paul lynn 




 billy yuma


 restoration - ed perkins built, bentley warren 707. 



 asa at oswego.





 restoration of 1940 sprint car


 replica of 1958 gordenski supermodified


 restoration of don taylor's pink panther modified




  the bingo shuffle, features everything we have on the bingo cars.
  

  the (1969?) oswego classic drivers meeting.


 art bennett





picture collections:





 supermodifed other 


 free for all 


 phil ghysels photo album #1 




 phil ghysels picture collection #1 


 phil ghysels picture collection #2 - speedrome, late 50's


 terry woodin's photo album




 pat york's photo album 


 supermodifieds of california (1970s)








discussion








  when i can't go to the race, you can bet i'm lurking around pinners bar and   grill supermodifieds message board to find out what's goin' on. the earliest results for current supermodified races are usually found here.
  





some racing links:


(click here for links with graphics)


supermodified scorecard


the place to check out who is winning this year.



al drake's


"it covers san jose speedway out here on the west coast. the cars are 1975 and on."



oswego supers


thorough isma/oswego site with a lot of links.



pinners bar and grill


excellent supermodified page.



danny's short track racing page


danny is an isma fan. his website has old pics from west virginia and some great supermodified links.



2001 isma schedule


2001 isma schedule.



carl rogers website

fans of carl rogers will find a pictorial history of his racing career here. video too!



jake's home page


jake has a picture gallery (including shampine's sprinter and rear engined car), racing links, drawings, more.



inracing with super dave


check out super dave.  images, links.  super dave has a street legal 1960 supermodified!



tj slideways


tj is a midwest sprint car enthusiast with a sweet website. pictures, news, regular column.



roadsters.com


a large site with lots of information and a ton of links. fantastic!



racing back in time - mike's oval racing nostalgia


mike was on the solvay automotive crew from 69 to 75. photos, links.



michiana vintage race cars


great vintage photo site concentrating on michigan/indiana area. tons of images.



kimball's vintage racing photos


new vintage photo site run by tom kimball. has some unique supermodified pictures. northeast us.



canadian open wheel central


new. daryl turford's open wheel site. photos, news...



vintage oval racing magazine


paper publication. subscribe here.



bgm sim racing supermodified series


check this out! these guys have designed supermodifieds to run under nascar racing and they are running a fantasy supermodified series.



racing hot shots pit stop


quite a few excellent vintage supermodified pictures.



ellis palasini website


some of you may remember ellis palasini and his v-8 winged super. this site has a bunch of pictures and a kind of history of his career.



canadian motorsports hall of fame


nice site with all kinds of canadian racing info.



supermodified racing in the northwest us


by the daniels boys. nice site with photos, lots of info including tcra and camra history, lists of owners, drivers and builders.



studebaker racing


fans of racing studebakers will get all the info they need on this site.



memories of the california jalopy association


slow loading, but lots of images of old jalopies and pre-super modifieds from california.



vintage open wheel


mike thornton's new website. vintage open wheel images, discussion, links.



