













adbss – conservation of bighorn sheep in arizona































































 

 













the arizona desert bighorn sheep society

    dedicated to the conservation and population enhancement of bighorn sheep in arizona.










menu












            home        
 



            about us        






                    goals & activities                





                    what we do & why                





                    board of directors                





                    ram’s horn                





                    links                








            facts & info        
 



            projects        
 



            for tag holders        
 



            membership        
 



            store        






                    store                





                    cart                





                    checkout                





                    my account                





                    terms and conditions                











































attention!we apologize for the confusion around the disposition of the state of arizona game and fish commissioners’ rocky mountain bighorn sheep tag.  this tag will be raffled by our partner organization, the wild sheep foundation.  the raffle sales will commence on may 15th and the deadline to enter will be june 30th, 2025.   we thank all those who are interested in this tag, and we expect this special raffle to raise a significant amount of money for bighorn sheep conservation in arizona. 












 









 













upcoming events 















adbss board meetingfeb 12th, 2025 – 7:00 p.m – embassy suites by hilton scottsdale resort (formerly chaparral suites resort), 5001 n. scottsdale road, scottsdale, az. board of directors meetings are available to all members and anyone interested in bighorn sheep conservation. the meetings are the second wednesday of every month at 7:00 pm (except december) 



















 











may 10th 2025camelback inn 5402 e. lincoln dr scottsdale arizonadoors open at 4:00pm  dinner at 6:00the annual fundraising banquet is the society’s primary source of funds. all money raised at the banquet is used to benefit bighorn sheep through water development, habitat improvement, surveys, transplants, research, and other management activities. a number of high quality hunting and fishing trips will be auctioned, along with rifles, bows, camping equipment, original paintings, limited edition prints, bronze sculptures, unique furniture pieces and vacation packages. items auctioned and raffled range widely in value, giving everyone an opportunity to participate.adbss has reserved a block of sleeping rooms at the camelback inn for $299/night plus tax.  click the link below to reserve a room.  please note that the rooms are limited, so reserve yours now. >>>  make your room reservation here.<<<seating is limited — reserve your table or banquet ticket now! 






click here to choose your tickets!







table incentive raffle2026 n.w. territories dall sheep huntthis is a once in a lifetime 12 day backpack hunt in northwest territories, canada. accommodations are included in hunt area.standard table gets 1 entry | trigo table gets 3 entries | eagle creek gets 7 entries | kofa table gets 15 entries 



 







not included:~air charter fee from norman wells to camp: $1,700~5% gst tax: $1,750~dall sheep tag: $120~government trophy fee: $462~non resident hunting preservation fund: $100~transportation to and from norman wells~hotels before and after the hunt~shipping of horns and cape~additional hunters or non-hunters if arranged~additional animal trophy fees. 







 the hunter whom is successful in taking a mountain caribou will have to provide the harvest fee of $6000.wolf and wolverine can be hunted on this trip at no extra cost if tags are purchased. 


















click here to choose your tickets!











 







this years door prize is a pair ofswarovski nl pure 14×52 binoculars! 





































































individuals who are interested in promoting the welfare of bighorn sheep are welcome to join the arizona desert bighorn sheep society, inc. with membership, you will receive our newsletter, ram’s horn, which will keep you posted on the society’s activities. your moral and financial support is always greatly appreciated. the society is a 501(c)(3) organization and contributions to the society are tax deductible as allowable by law.all memberships (except life) are on a calendar year, from january 1 through december 31. 






click to learn more!















 


























































    help arizona's wildlife and tell the world about it




    when you display the arizona sportsmen wildlife conservation license plate, you are helping arizona's wildlife by supporting the wildlife habitat grant funds for habitat restoration and youth education programs. when you display the arizona sportsmen wildlife conservation license plate, you are helping arizona's wildlife by supporting the wildlife habitat grant funds for habitat restoration and youth education programs. click here for more information.

















mailing addressarizona desert bighorn sheep society, inc.
p.o. box 21705
mesa, az 85277







telephone/fax
phone 1-480-854-8950
fax 1-480-854-8966







email address
admin@adbss.org
















 payment processing



















    background photos courtesy of jim hamberlin jr.copyright© 2021-2023 arizona desert bighorn sheep society. all rights reserved.



        
            designed by web designs arizona.
    













 






































