







howard w. french








































        
          
            howard w. french
          
        
      




















































              home
            

        weekly column
      



            about
          

              criticism
            

              reportage
            

              book reviews
            

              public speaking
            

              interviews
            

              books
            

              contact
            
































































homeweekly column





                
                  
                    howard w. french
                  
                
              
a glimpse of the world




aboutcriticismreportagebook reviewspublic speakinginterviewsbookscontact









scroll






 

recent highlights

  

2022 national book festival: at the heart of modernity with howard w. frenchwhat happens when you consider the origins of modernity and center africa rather than europe? howard w. french's book, "born in blackness," explores that very question as he investigates the forgotten history of how africa and its relations to the western world played an integral role in the development of the modern world. moderated by lanisa kitchiner.




    learn more
  













2022 maah stone book award winner!!howard w. french's born in blackness: africa, africans, and the making of the modern world, 1471 to the second world war is the winner of the 2022 maah stone book award!



hurston/wright foundation legacy awards 2022 winner!!




    learn more
  




    learn more
  








born in blackness: africa, africans, and the making of the modern world, 1471 to the second world war“born in blackness” is laced with arresting nuggets. it was news to me that the trade of colonial north america was overwhelmingly directed toward the caribbean, “the boiler room of the north atlantic economy.” in the late 18th century, white jamaicans enjoyed an annual income 35 times that of british north americans. french notes that more slaves were trafficked to martinique, less than one-quarter the size of long island, than to the entire united states, while the french so prized tiny guadeloupe that they swapped it for the whole of french canada. the evidence that africans made the new world economically viable is overwhelming... french repeatedly circles back over his material like a picture restorer revealing a lost world as he calmly insists that we rewrite history. i found the book to be searing, humbling and essential reading. ~ nyt book reviewthe way we think about history is entirely wrong, says howard w french at the start of this magnificent, powerful and absorbing book. the problem is not just that the people and cultures of africa have been ignored and left to one side; rather, that they have been so miscast that the story of the global past has become part of a profound “mistelling”... french writes with the elegance you would expect from a distinguished foreign correspondent, and with the passion of someone deeply committed to providing a corrective... this is not a comfortable or comforting read, but it is beautifully done; a masterpiece even. ~ the guardian






 









recently published essays



ukraine exposed the true danger of chinese censorshipby howard w. french - april 11, 2022slaves, empire, memoryby howard w. french - april 7, 2022 issue xi sees the ukraine war through the lens of the u.s.-china rivalryby howard w. french - wednesday, march 23, 2022








advance praiseborn in blackness: africa, africans, and the making of the modern world, 1471 to the second world war















“born in blackness is an urgent, searching and imaginative retelling of the decisive role of africa and africans in shaping world history. french covers a huge amount of ground with style, asking vital new questions and foregrounding the role of africans in creating―and fighting for―the world of democratic freedoms which is now taken for granted.” ―toby green, author of a fistful of shells: west africa from the rise of the slave trade to the age of revolution“with this powerful retelling of global history, howard w. french challenges us to discard long-accepted mythologies that have obscured to foundations of our contemporary world. through a riveting account of the centrality of africa and africans in shaping economic systems and political thought, he offers a capacious and compelling explanation for how this world came to be. born in blackness offers us a new understanding of our common history, and reminds us that confronting that past is precondition for the construction of a different future.” ―laurent dubois, author of haiti: the aftershocks of history



revealing the central yet intentionally obliterated role of africa in the creation of modernity, born in blackness vitally reframes our understanding of world history.

 

“what happens if we put africa and africans into the center of our thinking about the origins of the modern world? in this powerful account of six centuries of global history, howard w. french takes us on a journey that effectively undermines many of the almost mythical narratives that we have been taught about the sources of europe’s strength, wealth and modernity. pushing back against a prevailing current of purposeful forgetting, french shows that europe’s ‘great divergence’ would have been unimaginable without africans; their wealth, capital and labor played an important role in powering the emerging global economy. to understand the world we live in today, this book is a must-read.” ―sven beckert, author of empire of cotton: a global history"howard french's born in blackness is a vitally important re-telling of a story from which africa and africans have long been wilfully excluded: it renders visible their role as leading actors in the making of modernity. this is essential reading for anyone with an interest in world history." ―amitav ghosh - author of sea of poppies“born in blackness charges into the roiling debates about how modernity began, with a powerfully argued case for placing africa and africans at the heart of the process, giving voice to a silenced history.” ―kwame anthony appiah, author of the lies that bind: rethinking identity“born in blackness is a brilliant reworking of the conventional wisdom about the rise of the modern world. this deeply researched and elegantly written book rewinds the tape past christopher columbus, and shows how the tragic relationship between africa and europe, which began in the 15th century, created modernity as we know it.” ―annette gordon-reed, pulitzer prize-winning author of the hemingses of monticello: an american family“a necessary book. a compelling narrative that systematically dismantles one prop after another in the academy’s master narrative of how europe brought light to ’the dark continent’ over the past six centuries. a worthy successor to du bois’ the world and africa.” ―mahmood mamdani, author of neither settler nor native“born in blackness does for traditional eurocentric history what copernicus did for the pieties of his time when he showed that the earth revolved around the sun and not vice versa. africa, its peoples, and its wealth, the superbly qualified howard french shows us, are far more central to the formation of the modern world than we usually think. and, unlike copernicus, french has been to all the places he writes about.” ―adam hochschild, author of king leopold’s ghost: a story of greed, terror, and heroism in colonial africa

 









available for order 

  


    indiebound
  




    apple books
  




    walmart
  




    bookshop
  




    book a million
  




    amazon
  




    barnes noble
  




    target
  




    hudson
  




    goodreads
  








new page



intro



image



recently published essays



advanced praise



order now














follow my weekly column at world politics review here





powered by squarespace









