


education professional standards board











skip to main content







 















epsb accounthow do i...become a teacher?become a principal?apply for a new certification?renew my certification?become a national board certified teacher?find an approved education program?check educator credentials (kecs public search)?view my application status?file an open records or data request?find the epsb ky administrative regulations?frequently asked questionsassessment and internshipcertificationethicseducation and government partnerscommonwealth of kyky education and workforce development cabinetky department of educationcouncil on postsecondary educationassoc. of ind. ky colleges and universitiesky assoc. of colleges for teacher educationky virtual librarycouncil for the accreditation of educator preparationky center for education and workforce statisticsnational assoc. of state directors of teacher education and certificationprofessional educator standards board assoc.us department of educationevery student succeeds act 











education professional standards board 
page pathhome you are not logged in. (epsb account)







accessibility notification
kde is committed to ensuring that our web content is accessible to everyone, including individuals with disabilities. if you need information in an alternate format, please contact us.
click here for contact info


welcome to the education professional standards board of kentucky!
the education professional standards board (epsb) is charged with establishing standards of performance both for preparation programs and practitioners; accrediting educator preparation providers and approving educator preparation programs at colleges, universities, local school districts, and private contractors; selecting assessments for teachers and administrators; overseeing internship programs for new teachers and new principals; administering kentucky's national board for professional teaching standards certification; and issuing, renewing, suspending, and revoking kentucky certificates for professional school personnel.the epsb holds regular meetings at 9:00 am on the 2nd monday of october, december, february, and april, and on the 3rd monday of june and august at the epsb offices unless otherwise announced. 








educator preparation and assessment

this division is responsible for educator program approval, teacher candidate assessments and internship. 
read more 





educator certification

this division oversees all educator certification and renewals. 
read more 





educator ethics

this division investigates and prosecutes all cases of educator misconduct.
read more 





board information

the vision of the epsb is that "every public school teacher and administrator in kentucky is an accomplished professional committed to helping all children become productive members of a global society."
read more 








the mission of the epsb
the education professional standards board, in full collaboration and cooperation with its education partners, promotes high levels of student achievement by establishing and enforcing rigorous professional standards for preparation, certification, and responsible and ethical behavior of all professional educators in kentucky. 






kentucky educator credentialing system (kecs) support contact information: 
for login issues, please contact the randa solutions help desk via email at support@kecs.randasolutions.com.or via phone @ (866) 287-2077.

kentucky educator credentialing system
new! certification
platform
the office of educator licensure and effectiveness (oele) in
partnership with randa solutions, inc. officially launched the kentucky
educator credentialing system (kecs) on may 2nd, 2022. the new
system is being implemented as part of a multi-phase project to transition
educator certification, educator preparation and epsb legal processes to an
online platform to help streamline user experiences, decrease turnaround time
as well as increase accuracy and efficiency.phase one has launched! : educator certification – educator preparation
(admission/exit) - legal
as of may 2nd, 2022, all educators applying for initial
certification, renewal or rank change will now complete the process through the
new kecs system. the kecs system removes old processes of completing and uploading paper forms allowing a more streamlined experience for applicants, educator preparation providers (epps) and school districts.  
epsb legal and ethics processes have also transitioned to
kecs as well. while it may look a little different, superintendents will complete a similar process when filing complaints for legal matters. the new system allows for epsb legal staff to track and handle educator cases brought to the epsb.

please click here to access the kecs system or view the frequently asked questions (faq) related to
applying for certification. for login issues, please contact the randa
solutions help desk at support@kecs.randasolutions.com
.

certificate retrieval and verificationplease note that the epsb is no longer printing and mailing educator certificates. educators can retrieve a copy of their certificate for applications that were approved after march 16, 2018, by logging into their epsb account and clicking on my application status to download their certificate from a pdf file. for a copy of a certificate approved before march 16, 2018, a ca-2 will need to be submitted. only the individual educator can access the certificate, as he or she must log into the personal epsb account.

school districts should verify the educator’s credential information listed on the printed copy certificate in kentucky educator certification inquiry (keci) on the epsb website. 



educator preparation and assessment the education professional standards board is responsible for ensuring that preparation                 programs for kentucky educators meet established standards of quality. it facilitates the accreditation process, reviews programs and continuous assessment materials, and provides technical assistance for program improvement. this division maintains the array of assessments required for teacher and administrator certification.


educator certificationthe education professional standards board is responsible for issuing and renewing certificates for all kentucky teachers and administrators. staff works closely with local school districts in the hiring process to ensure a properly credentialed educator in every professional position in kentucky schools. staff also works with kentucky colleges and universities, out-of-state institutions, and national evaluation agencies. epsb processes approximately 40,000 certification transactions annually.


educator ethicsthe education professional standards board (epsb) is responsible for investigating and prosecuting all cases of educator misconduct. kentucky revised statute 161.028 stipulates that the epsb has the authority to suspend or revoke the certificates of educators that engage in misconduct, or impose other conditions that protect the safety of students, and the integrity of the profession. epsb annually processes more than 300 disciplinary cases and 250 character and fitness cases.


board informationthe education professional standards board, in full collaboration and cooperation with its education partners, promotes high levels of student achievement by establishing and enforcing rigorous professional standards for preparation, certification, and responsible and ethical behavior of all professional educators in kentucky.


research, reports and datathe education professional standards board (epsb) publishes reports and information related to quality in educator preparation and practice. in addition, epsb provides research support and cooperates with a variety of external researchers. research reviews developed by epsb staff are provided as an informational service only. placement of a research report on this site does not necessarily imply that the conclusions or recommendations of the report represent an official position of the epsb.
accredited educator preparation providers with approved programs file
accredited educator preparation providers with approved programs
search approved programsclick the provider below to see additional information for approved programs.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

skip site newssite news(no announcements have been posted yet.)
 
skip main menumain menusite news forumskip calendarcalendar







february 2025





mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat


sun





 
 
 
 
 

                                1
                            

                                2
                            



                                3
                            

                                4
                            

                                5
                            

                                6
                            

                                7
                            

                                8
                            

                                9
                            



                                10
                            

                                11
                            

                                12
                            

                                13
                            

                                14
                            

                                15
                            

16






                                17
                            

                                18
                            

                                19
                            

                                20
                            

                                21
                            

                                22
                            

                                23
                            



                                24
                            

                                25
                            

                                26
                            

                                27
                            

                                28
                            
 
 




skip upcoming eventsupcoming events




            there are no upcoming events
    
go to calendar...skip global searchglobal searchglobal searching is not enabled.skip sitessiteseducator preparation and assessment
educator certification
educator ethics
board information
research, reports and data
university principal preparation initiative all sites ... 










you are not logged in. (epsb account)get the mobile app


education professional standards board 300 sower blvd~ frankfort, kentucky 40601phone: (502) 564-4606kdelicensure@education.ky.gov


















