




























shaolin






















home


about


shaolin


schools


travel


contact















shaolin kungfu
there may be heroes and masters in the world, but one seldom meets them. the true art of martial exercise must be learnt from shaolin, where great heroes and great masters are found.





kung fu, utrecht neem contact op voor een gratis proefles


tai chi, utrecht neem contact op voor een gratis proefles


shaolinbondshaolin scholen in nederland





youtube channel

shaolin kung fu
instructional, show and documentary


shaolin chi kung
check out this video, over 170k views





tai chi chuan
graceful exercises and applications



scroll down







the shaolin international federation was set up to meet the enormous demand from all parts of the world
the establishment of our shaolin culture training schools is supported by shaolin temple of song mountain and various circles of society. buddhist abbot of shaolin temple master shi yong xin wrote "shaolin cultural training school" - our school's name to express a master's bright wish for shaolin culture's education and young disciples. all our branch schools are set up for promoting chinese and foreign martial arts exchange. the schools are comprehensive cultural centres including international teaching and international martial arts performances. about our teachers, we specially engaged elites and representatives of shaolin, wudang, tai chi and other chinese arts. the government, martial arts society and many corporations think highly of our schools.

we have a wide range of events which will yearly take place in countries around the world. we bring thousands of students together whom compete in our international championships. people who like to travel can join in on our training camps in china. all kind of chinese martial arts are taught in our schools and people can enjoy the chinese culture and scenery. we organise theatre performances with elites from china performing the chinese martial arts in many countries all over the world.
learn more 

































  


































joost warsanis mbaco-founder


































  










the famous saying, "the world's kungfu originates from shaolin" has closely linked all the chinese martial arts sects with the name of "shaolin". consequently, in the minds of numerous admirers of the world, shaolin temple represents mystery and the occult to an incredible extent.














the journey of a thousand miles begins with one step
















great acts are made up of small deeds
















nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished
















he who knows, does not speak. he who speaks, does not know
















mastering others is strength. mastering yourself is true power
















knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment
















the softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world








shaolin youtube channel





chinese martial arts is an important part of the worlds culture. it can build up one's strength, benefit intelligence, exercise the body and keep it in good health. it will practise one's spirit and enlighten life if someone practises chinese martial arts for a long time. in modern society, people's rhythm of life is becoming more tense. being busy in life and stressful pressure makes everybody often neglect to do exercises.













shaolin kung fu









tai chi chuan









chi kung









personal training









workshops









international show group








contact us for a free lesson











my life is dedicated to shaolin martial arts. i like to bring joy in peoples lives and hope this site contributes something to your life. i want to thank the people who supported and believed in me. wishing you and your family a healthy and successful life.

															joost warsanis
															shaolin





shaolin kung fu is as vast and complex as the universe. study shaolin style in great depth, then absorb the special qualities of other styles. set for your high ideals. study for wisdom and train the body. never fear evil. always fight for justice.

															ancient shaolin master
															shaolin





the best soldier is not violent. the best fighter is not angry. the best winner is not contentious. the best employer is humble. this is known as the power of not striving, as ability in human relations, and as being in accord with heaven.

															lao zi
															china












training in china











shaolin kungfu

learn shaolin kung fu in china with real shaolin monks


more about shaolin kungfu












tai chi chuan

learn tai chi in china as it was originally meant to be used


more about  tai chi chuan












chi kung

get health benefits, strengthen your body and find inner peace


more about chi kung












chinese mandarin

study chinese mandarin, we offer beginner to advanced classes


more about chinese mandarin

























our headquarters


asia:
										huitou shan yuntai zhen xiuwu
										xian jiaozuo city, henan
										china



europe:
										po box 569
										3990 gj houten
										the netherlands


email:
info[at]shaolin.nl


















site links

top
about
shaolin
schools
travel
contact





subscribe



subscribe now





contact
shaolinpo box 5693990 gj houtenthe netherlands





























					copyright â© 2025 shaolin | all rights reserved
				













