



wielding the sword of the spirit



wielding the sword of the spirit

"and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of god ..."
ephesians 6:17.



welcome!  just scroll down for 25 bible articles on a variety of scriptural topics or see "questions and answers" for answers to over 100 commonly asked bible questions.






questions and answers

search this site

download articles



feedback / beliefs and backgound

copyright policy

recommended sites








salvation


jesus christ, the son of god, freely gave his life as the perfect sacrifice to pay for 
all of our sins.  he was crucified, buried, and rose from the dead on the third day.

how to be saved: do you know if you are going to heaven? here is the roman road to
salvation.

what happened to us when we believed the gospel? understanding our assured salvation and position in christ:  crucified with him, buried with him, raised from the dead with him, baptized into him, seated in heaven with him, sealed by the holy spirit, and chosen before the foundation of the world.



rightly dividing the word


the basics of understanding the bible: to understand the bible, we must understand the dispensations in the bible.  this article is a good starting point for rightly dividing the scriptures. 

 dispensations of the bible:  this diagram 
accompanies the article above. 

israel's kingdom gospel and our grace gospel: the differences between peter's kingdom message for israel and paul's grace message for us and the transition between these two dispensations, plus paul's analogy of the olive tree and our great commission.

audio teaching by les feldick (mp3):
"the abrahamic covenant and the olive tree"
"the mosaic and davidic covenants"
"christ's earthly ministry and the gospel of the kingdom"
"the book of acts, the stoning of stephen, and the call of paul"
"paul's ministry, salvation, and the rapture"
these recordings are especially helpful in understanding the differences between the kingdom message for israel and 
the grace message for us.  these mp3 audio files are copyrighted by les feldick ministries and are parts 3-7 of a 12 
part genesis-revelation seminar, which may be heard in its entirety at www.lesfeldick.org.

elements of the gospel and our ascended lord: what truths about our lord
jesus christ does paul most emphasize?  why does paul not say more about christ's earthly ministry?

the seven churches of revelation: the entire book of revelation is doctrine for the nation of israel for the end times, and it was almost certainly written before 70 ad.

dispensational guidelines:  general guidelines for determining the dispensation of almost any bible passage. 



prophecy and the end times


why should we study the bible? and more specifically, why should
 we study bible prophecy?

fulfilled prophecies and other evidence that the bible is the word of god: daniel's 70
weeks, israel to be scattered and regathered, jerusalem to be a burdensome stone for all people, the mark of the beast, and
other prophecies.

god will yet choose israel:  has god cast away israel for good? 

the tribes of israel:  studies of the ancient history of the tribes, their future in bible prophecy, and their recent history.  also, some false doctrines concerning the tribes will be dispelled.

four views of end times prophecy: this comparison of four different views of the
end times explains why the rapture will occur before the tribulation, which will occur before the millennial kingdom.

the tribulation:  israel's seventieth week:  a detailed chronological study of the tribulation events including the seals, trumpets, bowls of wrath, the antichrist, the woman on the beast, the fall of babylon, and the lord's return.  

added in 2023 - gospel in the tribulation and in christ's earthly ministry: what gospel will be preached during the tribulation, and what gospel was preached during christ's earthly ministry?

the millennial kingdom reign of jesus christ: what will it be like? animals
become peaceful, life spans increased, no more war, the judges restored, israel to be a kingdom of priests, all nations to keep
the feast of tabernacles, the temple, the law, and major geographical changes. 



hell


hell part 1:  assurance of eternal torment for the lost: will the wicked really
spend eternity in flames of torment? yes, the bible makes this abundantly clear.

hell part 2:  the differences between hades and the lake of fire: the
meanings of the words hades, sheol, gehenna, tophet, and the lake of fire provide a better understanding of the destiny of the
wicked.  other terms such as paradise, abraham's bosom, tartarus, abyss, and the grave are also examined.



our lord jesus christ


jesus christ:  almighty god: our lord jesus christ is the creator, the alpha and omega, the almighty god.

evidence that jesus christ is the messiah:  evidence by fulfilled prophecy, as well as old testament types and shadows.

israel's gospel of the kingdom: the message of john the baptist, jesus christ,
and the twelve apostles in their proper context, in light of the old testament prophecies.



creation and the flood


creation evidence and evolution myth: what your high school science book did not tell you: the overwhelming scientific evidence that the earth is very young and the gross errors of evolution theory.  

the origin of the nations:  we all came from one family. 



bible chronology


chronology of apostle paul's journeys and epistles:  also includes a map and a discussion of paul's travels after his first imprisonment in rome.

 map of apostle paul's journeys:  accompanies the article above

old testament timeline: a chronological timeline of old testament events 


other bible topics


prayer in the dispensation of grace:  how we should pray and for what we should pray.



all scriptures are quoted from the king james version of the bible, unless otherwise noted.

more bible study articles and questions and answers will be added to this site, if the lord tarries.




questions and answers *
search this site *
feedback * 
download articles *
recommended sites *
copyright policy

www.matthewmcgee.org




copyright © 1997-2023
 matthew mcgee. all rights reserved.



