






myap | introducing myap10



























home
features
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














introducing: myap10a complete, comprehensive, customizable solution for affiliate marketing management and tracking.
run your own private-labeled, fully integrated affiliate program that works for you, exactly as you’ve designed it.
request a demo










a few of our clients











built for online retailers.with over 18 years of experience in affiliate tracking and management technology, myap10 allows you to take control of your affiliate channel.
launch, manage and scale your in-house, private affiliate program.








multi layered, robust tracking
a successful affiliate program requires absolute certainty that all referred traffic, leads and sales are tracked and accurately attributed.  you can rely on myap’s industry-leading tracking & attribution technology to ensure every click is captured, every lead is recorded and every sale is attributed to the appropriate affiliate – every time.








completely customizable
myap is completely customizable to fit the needs of your business. you’re never restricted nor required to conform.  instead, myap fits around your business. plus, your affiliate program will be consistent with your branding and website, providing a feel of complete business integration.








advanced affiliate management
myap10 was designed to help enterprise-level retailers scale the affiliate channel. with specialized tools, processes and automation, you will be able to easily spot trends and opportunities, enhance and optimize each affiliate relationship, and more. myap allows you to efficiently and effectively manage and grow your affiliate program.







see all features











accurately reward performancethe foundation of a successful affiliate program is your guarantee that referrals will be tracked and attributed correctly. every time.
direct link referrals ✓
referrals from multiple sources ✓
mobile ✓
first time vs returning customers ✓
multi-device leads ✓
see more features







expert service and supportrely on our guidance and support to help establish, launch, run and optimize your affiliate program.  our expert services will help you succeed and simplify the process.
see more features











let's talkready to discuss your affiliate marketing needs and how myap can help?
contact a sales professional today.



 







 copyright © 2024 bormerco, llc. all rights reserved.
 










facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 
















