









handcrafted personalised gifts - custom unique gifts














































skip to content



 items about
crafting gifts as unique and special as the loved ones in your life
menu and widgets




welcome
personalized gifts
tips
about us
contact us
 

our address 735 hinkle deegan lake road,
syracuse, new york,
usa, 13202

 







home 




handcrafted personalised gifts





 
factors you need to consider when buying kids electric cars
may 17, 2019december 16, 2022
 


most parents and guardians are new to buying electric cars and because of this reason, most of them find it difficult to decide on which model or brand would be best for their child. however, by learning about different options that are available in the market, you will be able to decide on which electric car is best for your kids. here are a number of factors that you might want to consider when buying such a unique and amazing toy.
things you need to consider when shopping for electric cars 
1. the age of your child 
the first thing that you need to consider is the age of your child. that is because electric cars come in different sizes. they also vary in weight and speed. therefore, make sure that you choose an electric car that your child can maneuver without any problems. moreover, electric cars that are meant for young children below the age of 2 years old come with special safety features such as supportive and low power motors that reach a maximum speed of 2mph.
2. safety features 
most brands do include various safety features on kids electric cars. if safety is your main concern when buying this unique toy for your child, then make sure that the brand you choose has effective safety features such as parental remote control, which is very useful since you can use it to set the direction of the car and limit its speed.
if the electric car you are buying is bigger and more powerful, then make sure that the brand you choose comes with seatbelts and supportive seats.

3. controls 
another key factor that you need to consider when buying kids electric cars is the controls. however, you need to be aware of the fact that not all brands include controls in their electric cars. but, there are a few brands that come with various control features such as steering wheel as well as rear and front controls. therefore, you can decide whether to buy an electric car that has controls or not depending on your child’s ability and confidence to drive him or herself.
4. motor power 
electric cars for kids do not possess the same motor power. small electric cars have less motor power since young children cannot be exposed to a high speed, while larger electric cars run on a 24-volt battery. such power can cause the machine to reach a maximum speed of 6mph. therefore, make sure the electric car you choose for your child has enough power to generate not too much or to less speed.

5. where will the car be used? 
you also need to consider whether your child will be driving the electric car inside the house or outside for safety and insurance reasons. that is because some electric cars for kids are suitable for driving indoors while others can be driven both indoors and outdoors. however, it is advisable that you pick an electric car that you kid can drive outdoor. that is because outside there is enough space for adventure and your child can drive around freely.
6. price 
the buying price is another key factor that you need to consider. some kids electric cars are expensive while others are affordable. it all depends on a number of factors such as the brand and model of the electric car, size, features and motor power as well. these are some of the factors that contribute to the pricing of electric cars.
however, it is advisable that you get quotes from different dealers who sell electric cars for kids in order to get the best offer. moreover, shopping in different shops increases your chances of finding an electric car for your kid that is within your budget and has all the requirements that you need.
7. weight of the car 
you also need to consider the weight of the electric car. some electric cars for kids are quite heavy, while others have a lightweight. because of this reason, it is advisable that you emphasize more on the recommended rider weight when choosing an electric car for your child.
conclusion 
buying kids electric cars is not an easy task. however, by considering these factors you can be sure to find an electric car that is affordable and suitable for your kids.

 
your guide to starting a t-shirt company
march 22, 2019march 22, 2019
 


t-shirts are an essential article of clothing. nearly everyone has a t-shirt or two in their wardrobe, and people are buying new shirts all the time. a t-shirt company can be highly profitable, and it can be an excellent way for you to start your own business at home. if you want to start a business like this, there are several things that you’ll want to be aware of.
find the right niche 
you’ll want to come up with designs for all of the shirts that you sell. it’s smart to find a niche for your shirts. for example, you could sell comedic t-shirts. you could also try selling shirts with a political message.
people wear all sorts of t-shirts, which means you’ll have plenty of options to consider. you should think about what sort of shirts you’d like to sell. you should also consider the types of shirts that people are most likely to buy. if you’re able to find the right niche, you should be able to build a highly successful company.
sell your shirts at the right price  
you’ll want to make sure that you make a substantial profit on every shirt that you sell, but you’ll also want to avoid selling your shirts at a rate that is too high. there is only so much that people are willing to pay for t-shirts!
you might want to do a little bit of research to see what similar stores charge for their shirts. this will give you a clearer picture of what people are comfortable paying. you’ll also want to see what each shirt will cost you. you should look at what you’ll be earning whenever you sell a shirt.

consider print on demand 
launching a company like this doesn’t necessarily have to be expensive. you don’t have to print the shirts that you need in advance. instead, you might be able to have shirts printed on demand.
if you work with a company like this, then you won’t have to print any shirts. instead, the company that you work through will print up shirts after they are sold. you’ll be able to minimize your upfront expenses while still bringing in plenty of profit.
make sure that your business has the support that it needs  
when your t-shirt company is just starting out, you might be able to work on it in your free time. as the company grows and expands, however, you’ll have to put in a lot more work. you should be sure that your business has the support that it needs to thrive.
if you can’t put all of your time into your business, you may have to hire people that will be able to assist you. you may also want to outsource some of the work to other professionals. while hiring other people will cost you money, it will also help you to keep your customers happy.
advertise your shirts appropriately 
no one is going to purchase your shirts if they don’t know that they exist. you can get a lot of mileage out of a little bit of marketing. it’s a good idea to market your shirts in a few different avenues. if you do this, then you’ll be able to make sure that even more people have a chance to see the shirts that you’re selling.
there are so many different ways to market shirts. you can get plenty of attention for your shirts on social media, and targeted ads can also get your shirts in front of the right audience. you may want to experiment with a few different marketing methods so that you can see what works well.

find a great designer  
you don’t necessarily have to be an artist to start up a t-shirt company. you could sell shirts with text designs even if you don’t have any sort of artistic experience. if you are going to be creating artwork to put on your shirts, however, you’ll want to team up with a designer.
you should try to find someone that has created t-shirt designs before. you should also work with an artist that understands what you’re looking for. people won’t want to buy your shirts if they’re not impressed with your designs. working with a great shirt designer could do a lot to boost your profits.
make sure your customers keep coming back
there are very few businesses that can thrive without return customers. if you do want to build a company that will do well, you’ll want to find ways to draw your customers back in. you should make sure that a lot of your initial customers wind up buying even more shirts in the future.
if you’re able to convince customers to sign up for a mailing list, you should be able to persuade them to buy additional shirts in the future. you’ll be able to send them messages when you have new designs, and you can even send them discount codes to incentivize them to purchase shirts from you in the future.
continue to create new designs 
you can start a t-shirt shop with only a handful of designs, but you’ll want to expand your offerings in the future. you should try to release new designs from time to time. if you do this, then your customers will always find new shirts that they want to buy from you.
you’re going to have to put a lot of work into your company to keep it successful. you should introduce new designs on a regular basis, and you should also try to catch the attention of new customers that have never seen your old designs before. make sure your company is able to grow.
if you’re interested in starting a t-shirt company, you’ll want to be sure that you get your new business off to the best possible start. you should look more closely at what your company will need, and you should make sure you build a company that will be a big success.

 
birthday cards – online selling; all you need to know
november 30, 2018june 28, 2023
 


 birthday cards – online selling. what does it entail and how do you start this business venture? you may find that you enjoy making cards, and it would not be a lousy idea to get some money from your skills. taking this step may be difficult, but this article will guide you through it. to get started on this hobby, there will be some tips given below for you to follow.
learn the ropes 
birthday cards – online selling; learn all that you can about it before you start. do your research well. you could start with online groups and forums where people discuss all that pertains to this topic. you will find all the information you need there and the dos and don’ts. these are experienced people who will be guiding through it. you could also do some online training and workshops. these are very vital to equip you with the skills that you will require. the market for birthday cards – online selling is continuously changing. hence you have to ensure that the information you get is up to date.
do some planning before you start 
you should plan for your business. the first thing that you will need to do is to consider how you will design these birthday cards. also, how you will sell them? you may use adobe photoshop which is used primarily to create graphics or e-card software. this software will help you in choosing the designs that you want and creating unique pieces that people will adore.
 
what is your niche? 
what will set you apart from the other online birthday card sellers? you need to know how you will stand out. the market is very crowded hence you have to be smart about it. your cards need to be unique to be able to have a successful business. you will need something a bit different than your customers would like such as having green cards where all the products that you use are recycled. another option is to have some of the proceeds go to some ecology projects. your customers will appreciate that you are doing business and making the world a better place at the same time.
have a product development plan 
you should have a marketing plan in place for the birthday cards-online selling. you will need to have versatility in the birthday cards and some originality. they will need to attract customers and prevent them from going to your competitors. you should also make plans on the presentation of these cards. how are they packaged? it is everything in business. a card that is unpackaged will command a lower price than one that is packaged well in a cellophane envelope hence looking very professional. using packaging stops cards helps prevent them from getting dirty and makes them look appealing to the customers. you could also have a label with your contact details. you could give your phone number, website address in case you have one and also an email address. this is for the clients in case they need to make more orders or have some complaints.

take photographs 
you could take some photographs of your cards. you are advised to do it on a neutral background so that they pop. taking these pictures will bring you more business once you upload them on your website or other social media platforms. it is because many people prefer seeing the work before purchasing it since they are more confident about it.
decide whether you will sell on your site or other marketplaces 
one of the hardest decisions that you will be faced with is deciding if you should use your site to sell them or use a site like etsy. people often choose the latter especially if they do not want the hassle of creating their websites and managing them. they also have a larger audience already than the new website that you will create hence the chances of success here seem to be more. on the other hand, these sites do not offer you all the control over your progress as you would like since you do not have options for promoting your work and there are also some fees that are involved. this would make you increase the cost of your cards which could make you lose business. with your website, the charge that you will pay is much less hence a way of saving money. also, you have many other options of gaining traffic to your site by using seo techniques to help you in the ranking of search engines. these techniques are quite easy to learn and will be an excellent tool to steer you in the right direction in this business.
cost 
you should find out how much making the birthday card will cost and also how much it will be to ship it to different locations. it is vital since they will help you in pricing the item. you should also ensure that you do not take more orders than you can handle. this will lead to you not making it by the deadlines given. you will have to think of whether you need to hire people to help you with creating these cards. it will be required especially if you have many orders that you cannot do all alone. you need your customers to be satisfied, and this may require some more hands to ensure that the cards are up to par. the lower the quality, the lower you will have to set the cost. it is also an excellent idea to keep track of what you have sold by having an inventory. remember that people know that handcrafted and even custom made cards are a bit expensive hence do not be afraid of making some profit. ensure that the cost is reasonable, not too high or too low. you need to be consistent and ensure that the quality is up to par.
yes, birthday cards – online selling is possible. you can do it. you need to master some tricks here and there as outlined above to be successful in this business. as long as the products are unique, and your online marketing plan is splendid, you will be on your way to having a successful business.

 
why choose cbd life uk for cannabis oil products? 
november 12, 2018july 5, 2024
 


cbd life uk offers a wide range of high-quality cbd products online in the uk. if you are seeking the best cannabis oil products on the market, then you have come to the right place. the range of products includes cbd oils, parts and accessories, other methods of imbibing, and even hats. they are a well-established and highly recommended company. here is why you should choose cbd life uk cannabis oil products.

to purchase these products online in the uk can be quite daunting for a lot of people. you need to know where to buy them and know the right product to choose for you, this can make the whole experience stressful. cbd life can make your experience very easy and less stressful. cbd life today is known to be the best sellers of cannabidiols oils and cbd in the uk. all their products are 100% natural supplements that are sourced from thc hemp. every client will receive only the very best collections of cannabidiols products across the uk. this is the reason why you should always choose cbd life uk for your product needs.
the company’s main goal is to ensure that every client and customer they get all their needs are met with every order. cbd life uk provides only the highest quality products online and information on many benefits and uses of these products. cbd life uk is a member of the uk cannabis trade association. that association is considered the only centric association in the country. in order for them to provide good practices, they work with the hemp and cannabis industry. here is a list of some of the most popular products and oils that are offered by cbd life.
all products sold with cbd life uk online are all high quality. the oil product comes in a single intensity of 400mg and it can be delivered in 2 ways. other sellers generally offer a wide range of cbd oil strengths, so for cbd life uk  to make up for this they provide a wide range of application methods. they also offer many other ways to consume cbd in the event that you do not like oil products.
e-liquid products and cbd vape – they have a wide range of e-liquid and vape products available online. there are 14 different options for you to choose from. there ready made e pens start from the price of £29.95 and £49.95. there is a difference in the price because of the cbd concentrations intensity. they also have available a wide range of cartridges which come in different strengths. the intensity ranges from 10-40%. these ones are priced starting from £50-100.
if you are seeking the best cbd products on the market and in the uk, then you have come to the right place. cbd life uk is known to be a world-class seller of cbd products in the uk.

 
the manicure companies nail products – the easy route to gorgeous nails!
september 27, 2018
 


‘your nails look gorgeous!’ who doesn’t love to hear this expression when the compliment is directed right at them and their whistle-worthy nails?
of course, having gorgeous nails tends to mean using gorgeous nail products. the manicure companies nail products certainly fit into that category. in fact, let’s take a look at a few of their products and why we all should be using them.
nocturnal beauty 
there is something very special about the dark hours; a time of relaxation, atmosphere and intrigue. the nail product, noctural beauty by the manicure company sure does embrace all of these elements of the night. with stunning inky tones and dark shades that glitter and excite, this is certainly a way of showing off your nails for all they are worth. if you, or your clients, are all about creating a bold and eye-catching statement, nocturnal beauty is a set that you really need to have.
check out their facebook page here: https://www.facebook.com/themanicurecompany
pro prep and wipe nail dehydrator and finishing solution 
when it comes to creating stunning nails, getting it right from the start is a key element. using the wrong liquid in the preparation stage can completely ruin the final potential of those nails; not exactly what you have in mind as your end result, right?
pro prep and wipe nail dehydrator and finishing solution is your ideal choice to get things off on the right foot. it has been specially designed to remove dirt and oil from the nail plate. this means that the manicure will begin with a clean surface, ideal for product adhesion. such a foundation will mean that the life of gel nails can be extended, as well as their overall appearance.
this liquid is also used to remove the tacky layer which remains after curing, hence those nails are left with that high gloss shine that we all attain to. indeed, when it comes to the manicure companies nail products, this is a choice which is definitely worth having on your shelf!

professional nail lamps 
when it comes to professional nail lamps we know that there are plenty to choose from. allow us to introduce you to the dual pro 48w led lamp. this uses advanced technology to work along with the rest of our gel products.
of course, we know that when it comes to all things beauty, including nails and manicures, it’s not just about how well something works but also how good it looks! that is why the dual pro 48w uv led nail lamp is made up of brushed aluminium along with glossy black particles; it’s the type of design that inspires beauty as soon as you look at it.
hence with 39 led diodes placed in strategic positions to give a full hand cure, good light technology so that eye irritation is reduced, the use of uv and led, as well as an automatic hand sensor and timer, we are sure that this is a product you will enjoy using over and over again.
as an extra note, the manicure company also sells replacement uv bulbs, with prices starting at just €8.95 so you never need to worry about not being able to get the best use of your product.
uv gel builders 
gel nails should be strong, durable and capable of making a great impression. our builder gels are designed to deliver on all of these fronts. in fact, adhesion can be increased by a staggering 60% and scorching by 20%. let’s take a look at one of our options.

cover gel light natural pink 
if you, or your clients, are looking for natural-looking nails, this is a shade that is sure to please. it creates a colour which mimics that of the natural nail plate, giving your nail a beautiful clean appearance. that means that any unattractive dents, nicks or imperfections in the nail are quickly disguised. it is little wonder that this product is one of the favourites from the product range!
ultra builder clear uv gel builder 
the self-leveling and strength properties of this ultra builder are certainly worthy of consideration. it is perfect as an application over nail tips or forms and increases adhesion by up to an impressive 60%.
files and tools 
‘a worker is only as good as their tools’. have you ever heard this expression? it doesn’t just apply to a construction site, it applies in every nail salon across the country too! by using the right products and tools you can become the expert you want to be.
it’s not just the bigger and more expensive products that you have to give consideration too, it’s the small ones that count just as much. take for instance the files that you use. by using cheap and inefficient versions you risk ruining the gorgeous nails you were about to create. let’s take a look at one example of a file that can help you live up to your potential.
100/180 grit pro nail file 
using the highest grade of japanese sandpaper, these files give stability, good grip and work to create smooth and fluid movement. they can be sanitized and reused and provide an excellent choice for any nail salon. remember, the little things really do count and your choice of nail file is an essential part of the nails that you create.
indeed, we know that both you, and for those in the industry, your clients too, want to have nails that are capable of making a real impression. remember, if you really are aiming for whistle-worthy nails you need to be using whistle-worthy products. the manicure companies nail products are sure to fit the bill on this front. with an excellent selection of liquids, polishes, gels and everything else you need to create gorgeous nails, you really will be spoiled for choice with this product range. go on – treat you and your clients to products that know how to make a real impression, you will soon see that the manicure companies nail products sure are the easy route to gorgeous nails!

 
tips for choosing the perfect personalized gift for any occasion
september 10, 2018december 22, 2022
 

 

it’s rarely easy to find the perfect gift for your loved one, especially a gift that fits within your price range. there are numerous things that one usually considers when buying a gift for someone close to them, such as:
what they can afford to buy
what their friend or relative seems to need or want
the gift recipient’s personal style
the occasion itself
personalized gifts make it easier to check all the right boxes, and with the craftiness of others being made available for purchase online there are options aplenty in the digital marketplace! however, the abundance of gift possibilities can only make it even more difficult to find the perfect gift that you’re looking for. it’s quite a task, to sift through all the options available. a personalized gift for your staff is also a great idea to show how much you appreciate their hard work.
so, how is one to find the perfect personalized gift among perhaps millions of options? this list of handy tips will help you narrow down your search.

consider this when buying a personalized gift
try to break away from the expected. there are certain traditional gifts that are almost stereotypical in how common they are. step away from the conventional by truly considering what your loved one will adore. consider the music that they love, their favorite colors, their personal style, their greatest hobby, and anything else that you know about them as you browse for gift possibilities. you don’t have to stick with some tired, old formula. in fact, your loved one will be doubly excited about receiving something as unique and fun as they are.

appropriate some extra time. personalized gifts are lovingly crafted by creative hands to produce results that will be loved for years to come. this means that the craftsperson has to spend extra time in the creation of your gift. allow for some extra time before the big occasion so that the personalization process isn’t rushed, and you get the highest-quality item possible.
understand that this is an investment. because your gift cannot likely be re-gifted to somebody else, there’s a good chance that the craftsperson may not accept returns. if, for any reason, you are unable to give this gift it could very well be a cost that you have to accept as a loss. make sure to check the store’s return’s policy so that incidents like this don’t take you by surprise.
buying a personalized gift can be just as challenging for the buyer as purchasing any other kind of gift. when you keep these tips in mind, your options may become more clear, thus making it easier to make your final purchasing decision.

 
personalized gifts: for the person who has everything
september 1, 2018january 5, 2024
 

 

gift-giving can be a challenge, especially if the person you’re buying for doesn’t seem to want or need for anything. hours, even days, of scratching your head can yield a ton of gift ideas, but how many of them are you really excited about giving? nobody wants to give a gift that seems impersonal or poorly thought-out, especially when they poured hours of thought into their purchase. this is where personalized gifts can make any birthday, anniversary, graduation, holiday or other special occasion feel even more special.
customized gifts have a long-standing tradition of being the gift-giving option for those who are nearest and dearest to us, and this hasn’t changed. in fact, the ability to create and ship items more efficiently than ever with the help of the internet has brought crafters and customers together more often than ever before!
this poses the question: what about personalized gifts has kept this practice around for so long? what makes these items so special that other store-bought finds may pale in comparison?
get a gift to fit the occasion
a customized gift can be modified to fit any theme. holidays and life milestones can be celebrated in any number of ways with this well-loved and thoughtful medium. you may incorporate elements that relate to the occasion – such as a picture commemorating a loved one’s latest grand accomplishment – as well as other components that suit the style and aesthetic of the recipient. these gifts never go out of style, because the style changes depending on the gift-giver and the gift-receiver.

your gift is unique
you can go to the store and buy the nicest, latest item that you are sure your loved one will beam about for days. that’s great, unless you find the fact that thousands of others might be giving the same gift a bit off-putting. if your goal is to bestow your friend or family member with something that nobody else in the world has, a personalized gift is the only way to go.
personalized gifts are a symbol
thoughtfulness, care and consideration go into the gift-giving and gift-buying processes, and few gift ideas invoke these feelings as strongly as something that’s been crafted with solely the recipient in mind. as a display of friendship, love, or whatever other sweet sentiment you are trying to impart on your loved one, these gifts are second-to-none. nothing says “i’m thinking of you” more than a gift that you had personalized, rather than one simply pulled down and bought from off a store’s shelf.
unique and personalized gifts have always been a popular way of showing appreciation and love for the people in our lives. this hasn’t changed in hundreds of years and doesn’t seem to be changing any time soon either.





 



















