

country furniture, lancaster ohio fabric & decor, johnston benchworks













         







store 

						hours:

						 

						monday thru saturday

						10am to 4pm

						closed sunday

						other by appointment




store location

						click to view map


 602 north high street   
                   lancaster, ohio 43130
740.687.6222





































johnston benchworks replacement
 furniture


			 for information about our products and services please click here to

contact us  

  all items are special order. 

			shipping time will be 2 - 4 weeks for all items except furniture.

			
all special order items are 

			non-cancelable and non-returnable.
 prepayment is required to place 

			all orders. we accept master card and visa. 


 


prices as quoted

do not include shipping & handling charges.
 



please note we have discontinued our gourmet shop - we no long carry any of those items.
                       
                       we have 

						are happy to announce that we have acquired 2 new great 

						furniture lines heritage 

						collection and traditional 

						country comfort.





rod iron:
                             this rod iron adjustable floor lamp swivels and goes up and down. you have your choice of shades, a willow tree, a star or a  quilt circle.
$139.95 plus shipping.






workroom special
most solid/check/taspestries and reversible fabric 
                       call for special pricing
  
                       sample cuts available for $2.50 each                    
                   prices do not reflect shipping and handling 
stop paying $50 per yard or more
 many of our quality upholstery fabrics are starting at under $40.95 per yard. 
shop now! 
welcome to our new johnston benchworks replacement fabrics and styles. new fabrics, new designs, and new looks at a great price.




inventory clearance
now through june 1 we are having a super inventory clearance sale. your choice of three different styles in stock and on the floor ready to buy. choose from a chair and a half and ottoman and a half, a cottage ladies chair or a country chippendale recliner any of the styles for $899.95 cash and carry. the perfect look for your primitive patriotic home....we are open monday through saturday 10 to 4 we will be closed on sunday and memorial day.
				                












if
                          you've never visited colony classics & interiors
                          you're missing that heartwarming, welcome home feeling you
                          feel as you walk through the doors of our early l900's
                          shop. nestled in the historic city of lancaster, ohio our
                          shop is located at 602 n. high street in the midst of the
                          city's most popular and unique shopping district.

                 as you enter, you'll find yourself admiring and taking in 

						all the choices of the beautiful and quaint upholstered 

						pieces that we carry by the makers

of 

						heritage upholstery and country traditional designs. you'll find timeless hard to find pieces such
                 as colonial settees, country chaises, spacious story book
                 chairs for you and that special person in your life,
                 country chippendale sofas, and a huge selection of country
                 chippendale chairs and recliners in 100's of your favorite
                 fabrics.

                 with a unique selection of heirloom quality collectors
                 pieces, handmade furniture, lamps, pictures and just the
                 perfect gift item to be treasured forever, you'll also
                 enjoy the soft aroma of cinnamon, almond and vanilla that
                 lingers through the air as you pass from room to
                 room.  we greet all our customers as if they were
                 friends and on any chosen saturday you may find a extra
                 special shopping surprise.  with our friendly sales
                 staff and knowledgeable design consultants, we also offer
                 a wide selection of wallcoverings, window treatments,
                 stencil designs and specialty painting techniques.

                 living in a different location is not a problem. we have
                 available online decorating and video decorating service
                 at no extra charge to help you complete that traditional
                 or country traditional look that you desire.  
                 at colony classic's we love a challenge. that is what
                 prompted our "you design it" - we make it
                 option. this will give you that custom look combining your
                 style, size and color without that expense of a custom
                 price. are you looking for that antique collectors piece
                 or trying to locate that hard to find item?  you are
                 welcome to go through many catalogs we have for any
                 unusual request.

                 so stop in and visit or enjoy browsing through our web
                 pages with a hot cup of tea in the comfort of your own
                 home. whether you love antiques or just looking for that
                 decorator look unique from all others you'll be glad you
                 stopped by.


online decorating advice

                         
   
visit
                   our gourmet shop
                   for wonderful cheeseball, soup and dip mixes




shipping policy:
                              all items are special order. shipping time will be 2 - 4 weeks for all 
                              
                              items except furniture (8 - 10 weeks). 
 privacy policy:
                                we respect and are committed to protecting your privacy.  we will 
                                
                                not sell or share your personal with anyone. for traffic tracking 
                                
                                purposes only, we collect personally identifiable information such as 
                                
                                your ip address, cookie information and the pages you visited when you 
                                
                                are on our site. 
 security policy:
                                your payment and personal information is always safe. our secure sockets 
                                
                                layer (ssl) software is the industry standard and among the best 
                                
                                software available today for secure commerce transactions. it encrypts 
                                
                                all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, 
                                
                                and address so that it cannot be read over the internet.
 refund policy:
                                all items are special order. all special order items
                                are
                                
                                non-cancelable
                                and non-returnable. pre-payment is required to place all orders.
                                
                            we accept master card and visa.









home |

gourmet

shop | heritage collection | primitives 

| fabric | wood | ohio state 



 punch 

 tin | candles | end tables | lamps

| wicker | cat room | site map





© colony classics and interiors. all rights reserved. 

 

for more information

site  by sherlock

designs

© graphics by 

hshpgraphics   





			follow us 








privacy policy:

		we respect and are committed to protecting your privacy.  we will 

		not sell or share your personal with anyone. for traffic tracking 

		purposes only, we collect personally identifiable information such as 

		your ip address, cookie information and the pages you visited when you 

		are on our site. security policy:

		your payment and personal information is always safe. our secure sockets 

		layer (ssl) software is the industry standard and among the best 

		software available today for secure commerce transactions. it encrypts 

		all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, 

		and address so that it cannot be read over the internet.

		refund policy:

		all items are special order. all special order items

                        are

non-cancelable

                        and non-returnable. pre-payment is required to place all orders.

 we accept master card and visa.













 





