ï»¿



history and geography of europe
















euratlas home












fly over a highly detailed map of europe in year 1200 and discover every polity



about
privacy
site map
contact


history and geography of europe and the world


     



historical maps


history of europe
middle east history
roma
world history


geography maps


europe atlas
world atlas


antique maps


antique cartography
lesage atlas 1808
peutinger map


europe photos

countries of europe
time pictures







euratlas shop
europe 1200



 
historical maps
euratlas periodis historical atlas of europe



history of europe
a sequence of 21 maps showing the european states as they were at the end of each century from 1 to 2000.



aegean area history
detailed maps, created with euratlas periodis expert, showing the history of the aegean area.



fly over a detailed map of europe in the year 1200 and explore every polity.




2000 names 2000 colors
a short video presenting the history of europe: a map at the exact end of each century, from 1 to 2000. 



oder-dnieper area
detailed maps, created with euratlas periodis expert, showing the history of the oder-dnieper area.



pyrenã©es-rhine area
detailed maps, created with euratlas periodis expert, showing the history of the pyrenees-rhine area.



periodis guidebook
a pdf booklet explaining the euratlas periodis concept and showing the historical timeline of western europe.
middle east history



middle east history
the historical atlas of the ancient orient offers 30 history maps of southeastern europe and middle east in the antiquity.
roma



ancient rome
the seven hills and rome in the year 100 with the 14 regions or districts of the city, labelled and unlabelled.



history of north america
a map series illustrating the history of north america from 1642 to 2010 with some detail maps of new england and texas.
geography maps
mountains, rivers, countries and towns



physical atlas of europe
a map of europe with the mountains, rivers, towns, countries and the european union borders. each element can be highlighted.



world atlas
a world map with all the countries, their capital, area, population and average life expectancy and also the major rivers and mountains ranges.




peutinger map
a digitized real-size version of a medieval copy of a roman map showing the earth as known in antiquity.
europe photos
pictures of landmarks and historical places



countries of europe
more than 2000 pictures showing european and mediterranean towns, landscapes and landmarks.



time pictures
a freely illustrated chronology of european history: some events are presented with a fast information and a free of rights picture.
euratlas shop
historical atlases, historical gis maps, old maps of europe



the euratlas shop
history and mapping products: periodis atlas, germany 1789, hisatlas, georeferenced historical vector data of europe and more...



create custom history maps
a video showing how to create custom history maps with euratlas periodis expert, accompanied by a medieval dance music.



georeferenced data
for spatial analysis, map creation or wall maps printing, choose the euratlas georeferenced historical vector data.
member's area
special maps and pictures for euratlas-info members



euratlas-info
subscribe to euratlas-info and get a free access to vectors maps or high-resolution relief and blank maps.



history maps
detailed hi-res periodis maps, gis maps over google earth background and several history maps samples.



europe maps
blank or labeled maps of europe with countries, mountains, rivers or cities.



video europe 1000
a brief history of europe, from year 1 until year 1000, in maps with pictures and concise explanation.
historical cartography of europe, physical geography and imageseuratlas is a website dedicated mainly to the historical geography of europe but it offers also a world atlas and a wide collection of pictures in order to give a comprehensive view of history and geography.
our continent is presented here as a wide cultural area limited north by degree 60, east by the ural - caspian - zagros line, south by the sahara and west by the atlantic ocean. thus, on the euratlas website you will find:
a physical atlas of europe which makes it possible to easily locate the geographical position of the main mountains, rivers, cities and borders of this geographical area. these online maps are interactive finders: you simply need to click a name and its location will appear on the general map.
a periodical historical atlas of europe: history of the european area in 21 maps. these maps are designed as a tool of reference and offer a general historical vision of the last two millennia in europe, north africa and near east.
an online collection of antique maps of the 18th and 19th centuries, selected for the practical information provided like place names, roads, etc.
a photos section offers more than 2000 pictures of european and mediterranean towns, landmarks and landscapes. these images are freely distributable provided that the euratlas logo remains in place.
a clickable world atlas allowing the display of the 194 independent countries in the world with their main characteristics: long and short name in english and local language, area, population, capital etc. a separate page shows the special status territories, like gaza, transnistria, karabagh, kosovo etc. moreover it is possible to display on the planisphere the major rivers and mountain ranges of the world with their main features: local name, length etc..

conditions of use
privacy notice
contact
euratlas - 2001-2021

