







icfai
























home
vision & mission
icfai universities
social contributions






menu




home
profiles
introduction
vision & mission
icfai group
social contributions














introduction
the institute of chartered financial analysts of india (icfai) is a not-for-profit society registered under the andhra pradesh (telangana area) public societies registration act, 1350 fasli (act i of 1350 f). established in the year 1984 with an objective of imparting world-class high quality education. icfai has around three decades of exemplary track record in the field of higher education. it launched the certification program for financial analysts, the cfa program in 1985 and has been instrumental in developing a new generation of professionals in india. in the year 1995 icfai set up the icfai business schools (ibs) all over india at eight locations to offer high quality employment oriented two years post graduate programs in management with various specializations. over the years, ibs hyderabad is ranked among the top ten b-schools in india in the independent surveys conducted by various magazines.
in keeping with its vision of fostering the growth of high quality higher education and to improve access, promote equity and to encourage excellence icfai has sponsored 11 private universities in different states leading to pan-indian presence of icfai universities. icfai group is one of the largest private universities group in india.
icfai university publish over 300 case studies every year; professional quarterly research journals in various fields of management, finance, science & technology, law, economics and liberal arts.
settlement agreement with cfa institute, usa












vision

                                to establish a pan-indian network of research and teaching universities in different states to ensure high quality academic delivery and to promote a strong research culture among the faculty members.
                            

                                to deliver career-oriented educational programs  of quality and develop an expanding pool of faculty 
                                
                                    members through rigorous to collaborate with leading universities/institutions for student-exchange and faculty-exchange programs.
                                    
                                    ph.d program. to become a socially-responsible university network to improve access, to promote equity and to encourage excellence.
                                

read more








mission

                                the primary mission of icfai is to create a cadre of professional men and women who have been imparted specialized skills, who have learnt to consider problems from a broad perspective and who have acquired a heightened sense of moral and social responsibility that their future positions of leadership demand of them. in short the mission is: “learning for leadership”.
                            










icfai universities
icfai has already established the icfai universities in the following states under respective state legislations.
uttarakhand, tripura, sikkim, mizoram, meghalaya,  jharkhand, nagaland, rajasthan, chhattisgarh, himachal pradesh  and a  deemed university at  hyderabad.







the icfai university,  dehradun









the icfai university,  tripura









the icfai university,  sikkim









the icfai university,  mizoram









the icfai university,  meghalaya









the icfai university,  jharkhand









the icfai university,  nagaland









the icfai university,  jaipur









the icfai university,  raipur









the icfai university,  himachal pradesh









the icfai foundation for higher education (deemed university), hyderabad















social contributions
icfai has contributed in several ways to the society




significant investments in campus development (without seeking any external assistance from state government/central government/north east council).






bringing quality higher education to the door-step of students in different states in terms of curriculum, pedagogy, courseware and evaluation processes developed over 25 years.






the icfai university is present in 5 (tripura, sikkim, mizoram, meghalaya, nagaland) out of 8 land locked north east states.






icfai universities are set-up in other educationally under-developed states also; dehradun (uttarakhand), ranchi (jharkhand), raipur (chattisgarh).






preference to local students and teachers.






faculty development programs






merit-based admissions, no management quota, no capitation fee/donation.






placement opportunities throughout india through balanced development of right knowledge, soft skills and positive attitudes.






creating employment for teaching and non-teaching staff.











copyright @ icfai 2023








settlement agreement with cfa institute, usa

                icfai is pleased to announce that on may 25, 2012, it amicably resolved its worldwide dispute with cfa institute. the agreement will allow the parties to peacefully coexist and pursue their respective business objectives. icfai will continue to operate under the icfai brand but will begin phasing out its offering of the cfa designation over the next seven years. to ensure the continuity and success of our current offerings, students who are currently enrolled in the program will be eligible to receive a cfa designation from icfai. icfai will advise its existing alumni and students to use the terminology “cfa (icfai)” to help distinguish themselves from cfa institute’s charterholders.
            
icfai’s mission is to provide the highest quality education and training to its students. both parties are pleased that the litigation is over, and expect that the professionals affiliated with each organization will treat each other with courtesy and respect. we hope that you will join us in promoting a harmonious relationship with cfa institute.











