









private dance lessons near me - dance teachers from £15
 


























  











find dance classes near me 🥇 beginner to advanced dance classes
💃 9,496 dance teachers available
💸 lessons from £15 an hour
🔒  verified reviews
what do you want to learn?









around meonline
search











excellent







reviews on


superprof
sports
dance lessons
 
our top dance teachers














inês
london (online)
5
(23 reviews)


ambassador

ballet teacher, royal academy of dance registered teacher - rad syllabus and non-syllabus classes (3y/o to adults), conditioning and exam coaching.

£50/h






samuel
london (online)
5
(27 reviews)


ambassador

unlock your body to move freely and find your dance! siyf 20 years of expertise / central london

£50/h


1st lesson free






rhea
london (face to face & online)
5
(22 reviews)


ambassador

learn from a professional dancer/performer! experience the fun in learning bollywood, bharatanatyam, semi-classical, hip-hop & k-pop dance.

£25/h






stephan
london (face to face & online)
5
(23 reviews)


ambassador

breakdance instructor, studio/public space available in london, first class half price | ig @im_stphan

£50/h






res
ilford (face to face & online)
5
(21 reviews)


ambassador

20+ years experienced international dance teacher to teach you indian, bollywood, classical, semiclassical, foxtrot, salsa, waltz, zumba, ballroom dance, k-pop, hip hop, modern, fusion, bhangra, weddi

£29/h


1st lesson free






diletta
london (face to face & online)
5
(22 reviews)


ambassador

idta certified dance teacher offering private and group dance classes in london, available also for music videos and weddings choreos.

£12/h






hanna
cardiff (online)
5
(22 reviews)


super tutor

professional dancer offering online private ballet lessons for all ages and abilities.

£50/h


1st lesson free






iveta
london (face to face & online)
5
(17 reviews)


experienced

a professional dance teacher offering online lessons for: latin, show dance, ballroom dancing, wedding dance. whether you want to get fit, try a new hobby or bring out your feminine energy that helps

£85/h






connor
 (face to face & online)
5
(12 reviews)


super tutor

world professional dancer turned multi-qualified dance teacher. total beginner to advanced levels, all ages. ballet, wedding dance, jazz, tap, commercial, hiphop, contemporary, competition choreograph

£60/h






jeyda
manchester (face to face & online)
5
(14 reviews)


super tutor

bubbly, versatile professional dancer with a bachelor's degree in dance studies and over 15 years of dance and teaching experience. specialise in hip-hop, commercial, contemporary and social dancing!

£45/h


1st lesson free






melissa
london (face to face & online)
5
(27 reviews)


super tutor

private 1-1 & group dance lessons with a professional performer/teacher in various styles for kids & adults at all abilities/levels

£60/h






alexandra
horsham (face to face & online)
5
(7 reviews)


experienced

want to dance? experienced and qualified dance teacher with over 10 years' experience, from ages 3-50+. styles include: jazz/jazz funk/hip hop/heels/commercial/tap (all levels) wedding dances - (simpl

£20/h


1st lesson free






see more tutors





5
/5
tutors with an average rating of  5 stars and more than 2,298 reviews.

17
£/hgreat prices: 95% of coaches offer their first class for free  and the average lesson cost is £17/hr

5
hfast as lightning! our acting teachers usually respond in under 5 hours

finding dance classes is simple


1. search private dance teacherconsult profiles of acting teachers and contact the tutor that fits your needs (prices, qualifications, reviews, home or online lessons)


2. arrange your dance lessonsexchange with your teacher, explain your needs, and discuss availabilities. schedule your lessons and pay them securely, all from your inbox


3. discover new experiencesthe incredible student pass gives you unlimited access to all tutors, coaches, and masterclasses. discover new passions with fabulous people.
our former students review their dance teachers
yuradance teacher




yura is very patient and breaks down the moves in a systematic way, provides great feedback and tailors the classes to what you want to specifically get out of it. would recommend !saaraa, 6 days ago

jeydadance teacher




my husband booked jeyda for a surprise treat for my birthday. she was very sweet, reassuring and encouraging. she made sure that i was confident with the routine before moving on and gave options to the steps she showed me. i enjoyed my session with...andrew, 1 week ago

molly maedance teacher




molly is probably the friendliest, most lovely tutor you will ever meet. she goes above and beyond with everything you need to help you improve. i have only had her for a short while now but i can already see a great increase in my technique and...jake, 2 weeks ago

jennifer riveradance teacher




jen is a smiling teacher that can explain the steps and spins in very detailed manner. she makes you want to learn more progressively and is perfect for a beginner and intermediate person willing to improve their practice.mattias, 2 weeks ago

yuradance teacher




this was my first live dance class. i was looking for a teacher who could explain the basics and give me a welcome introduction to dance. yury helped me a lot. she explains the basics of hip hop dance. how to move, what's to do and even we make...vladimir, 3 weeks ago

dilettadance teacher




diletta has exceeded my expectations by miles, she has made the experience fun and rewarding whilst also pushing to get the best results from each lesson. if you want an amazing dance tutor who gets the best out of you and makes the whole thing...lawrence, 3 weeks ago


faq's
💰how much do dance classes cost?
the average price of dance lessons is £17.
the price of your lessons depends on a number of factors

the experience of your teacher
the location of your dance classes (at home, online, or an outside location)
the duration and frequency of your lessons

97% of teachers offer their first lesson for free.
find a private dance instructor near you.

⭐️ can i teach myself how to dance?
learning how to dance can be a fun and rewarding experience, but it can also be challenging to do on your own. while there are plenty of online tutorials and instructional videos available, these resources may not be tailored to your individual needs and skill level. without proper guidance and feedback, you may develop bad habits or struggle to progress in your dance journey.
that's why we recommend taking private dance lessons with a professional instructor. with one-on-one guidance from a skilled and experienced teacher, you'll be able to learn the fundamentals of dance in a safe and supportive environment. your instructor can help you master basic steps, improve your posture and form, and develop your rhythm and musicality. they can also help you explore different dance styles and techniques to find the ones that best suit your interests and goals.
start dance lessons today

💃 how many instructors are available to give dance lessons?
9,496 teachers are currently available to give dance lessons near you. 
you can browse the different tutor profiles to find one that suits you best.
start dance classes today

✒️ how are our dance teachers rated?
from a sample of 2,298  tutors, students rated their private tutors 5 out 5.
if you have any issues or questions, our customer service team is available to help you.
you can view tutor ratings by consulting the reviews page.


find dance lessons near meyou'll have so many talented dance teachers to choose from!


see more tutors
let's go!

essential information  about your dance lessons✅ average price:£17/h✅ average response time:5h✅ tutors available:9,496✅ lesson format:face-to-face or online

check out the available private dance lessons
by city
belfast
birmingham
bristol
cardiff
coventry
derby
edinburgh
glasgow
leeds
leicester
liverpool
london
manchester
nottingham
plymouth
sheffield
online

by level
advanced
beginner
intermediate
kids

by subject
bachata
ballet
bollywood dancing
choreography
contemporary dance
hip hop dance
indian dance
jazz dancing
modern dance
salsa
tap dance
urban dance

by country
argentina
australia
austria
brazil
bulgaria
canada
chile
colombia
costa rica
denmark
finland
flanders
france
germany
hungary
india
indonesia 
ireland
israël
italy
japan 
lituanie
luxembourg
malaysia
maroc
mexico
netherlands
new zealand
nigeria
norway
panama
peru
poland
portugal
roumanie
singapore
slovaquie
south africa
south korea
spain
switzerland
switzerland (german) 
tchéquie
turkey
united arab emirates
united states
uruguay
wallonia

get started with private dance classes on superprof
choosing your dance teacher
starting dance classes implies choosing a teacher who corresponds to you in order feel comfortable and progress quickly. to choose a teacher, several criteria come into play. at first, the profile of the dance teacher must correspond to the expectations of the student. it is possible to ask which diplomas or experience a teacher has obtained and their teaching experience. they can have skills as a dancer, teacher or even a choreographer. the only thing that matters is that it fits the student. some teachers are more well-known or professional than others. however the price is then higher.
choosing a dance class and the teacher must be done according to your abilities and your desires. the price of a dance lesson must be in line with what a student can spend. the most effective way is to determine a price range and then see which teachers are within that limit. before recruiting a dance teacher, students must, of course, decide on the level of the classes. there's no need to hire a very experienced teacher if the student only wants to learn some basic dance skills to have fun.
on the other hand, if your goal is to train for a career in classical dance, a professional dance teacher will be the way to go. to make sure to encourage a student to begin their first lesson, it's best to choose a location that suits the student. otherwise, the long distance to travel to a class may discourage the student to start or continue their lessons. whether it's at a dance studio or a student lounge, it's important to find a location that is comfortable and accessible.
choosing a teacher also means choosing a dance style. classical dance classes, zumba lessons, rock lessons, salsa lessons, hip hop lessons, a teacher who knows how to dance the waltz does not automatically know how to do a plié as well. to practice several dances and learn a little of each style, you will have to find a versatile teacher. moreover, whatever the dance being taught, the teacher must, of course, be a good teacher- i.e. patient and attentive to their students.
what age should you start dancing?
this question arises very often when it comes to starting a new activity. many people are afraid of being too old to be able to attend a dance school or dance class. yet, you should know that dance is accessible at any age. the only difference is the exercises will not be the same for children as for seniors, or for beginners as for advanced students.
it is up to the teacher to adapt his dance classes according to his audience. even young students benefit from dance classes. the goal is to teach children to discover how to move their bodies. students discover coordination of movement and use of space. it's not really about the dance style or steps but rather about the initiation to movement and music. dance classes become a  bit more involved when children reach six or seven years old. at this age children are ready to perform flexibility exercises (within reasonable limits) and learn a bit of choreography. latin dances, modern dance, contemporary dance, musical comedy, waltz, ballet, group lessons for little ones make
it possible to become familiar with all different styles of dance in order to make a choice afterwards. it is also quite possible to start dancing as an adult. although flexibility is not as important as at age ten, exercise can get you back into shape and help you to build a healthy physical form as quickly as possible. viennese waltz, capoeira, tango, hip hop, paso doble, everything is still possible at an older age. and for the older students, the classes are just as well adapted to the physical form of the students. there is no age restriction to becoming a star on the dance floor.
which dance class should you choose?
each dance is special and the different styles of dances are not made for everyone. some prefer couples dancing while others prefer the more solitary dances. everything depends on the character of each individual and his musical affinities.
to choose a dance class, it is quite possible to consider taking advantage of a trial class. trying a dance style is the best way to see if you like it. specialized dance evenings and dancing bars are also an opportunity to test a dance style before embarking on annual dance classes. swing lessons, flamenco lessons, bachata lessons, belly dance lessons, dancehall, ballroom dance lessons, dance is a very wide universe that allows you to flourish whatever the dance style you choose.
you will also have to choose the course formula that best suits your lifestyle and your schedule. group lessons, private lessons, intensive courses? a dance workshop is a good way to improve quickly during your holidays. annual courses on the other hand, allow you to progress little by little, taking your time. everyone can find a style and schedule to suit their needs and embark on learning dance and having fun.
where can you take dance classes in the uk?
to find a dance class, there are several options. conservatories are perhaps the most famous dance centers. the courses are very strict and demanding. to enter it is necessary to pass an entrance exam. depending on where you live, you can find regional conservatories or national conservatories.
many conservatory students are destined for professional careers as dancers. for dance classes a little less demanding, dance schools are a great option. there are accredited dance schools and non-accredited dance schools. simply inquire with the school to find out if the courses you want are taught. cultural dance centers, music and theater, as well as dance associations are also good places to begin learning dance.
events are often organized and a whole community is created around dancing. private dance lessons also allow you to practice dancing regularly and according to your schedule. it is possible to find a teacher via classified ads on the internet or ads posted in shops. finally, it is also possible to take dance classes in high school or self-taught via youtube tutorials for example.
how much do dance lessons cost?
learning to dance on your own obviously doesn't cost anything, or almost nothing if you buy a dvd for example. however, taking dance classes with a teacher, in a dance school or with private lessons, requires a financial investment. conservatory dance classes can vary from £ 100 to £ 1000 per year.
this difference is explained by the difference between a national or regional conservatory, but also because the rates are adapted to the social situation of the student. school dance classes cost around £ 500 a year, while in an association you will have to pay around £ 250. by choosing private lessons, it will cost about £ 25 per hour.
different criteria are taken into account such as the discipline taught (tap lessons,  stretching classes, zumba, bar classes, argentinian tango lessons, cuban salsa and puerto rican salsa classes, hip hop dance classes, cha-cha, etc.). the geographical area also plays a lot on the price. but all budgets can find a great dance option for them!


what do you want to learn?


aboutwho are we?terms & conditionsprivacy policysuperprof global
online lessons
countiessuperprof recruitsall subjects

arts & hobbies

professional development 

computer sciences

languages

music

health & well-being

academic tutoring

sports
resources
the superprof blog
teaching resources
helphelp centre
contactfollow us




© 2025 superprof, learn with the best!



 

