










home - authentic kung fu








































home
praying mantis
wing chun
tai chi
philosophy of kung fu
sifu
 





select page


  
 



 



 




















explore the craft








praying mantis
mantis is a northern chinese style which is an amalgam of 18 different types of kung-fu.  it was used by caravan guards who had to be able to fight outnumbered in terrain and any under any circumstance.








wing chun
wing chun is a southern chinese style created by a buddhist nun about 300 years ago. it specializes in close-range urban combat. it is known for not requiring strength to be effective.  wing chun overcomes size, strength and numbers with rapid-fire precise technique.








tai chi chuan
yang style taiji refuses to fight strength against strength regardless of any advantage they may have.  the ability to harmonize with an opponent in order to use their strength against them is a high-level skill attainable only after years of training.







sign up for classes







the philosophy of kung fu

the chinese sought to understand the forces that created and controlled the world around them. this search took the form of categorizing events and looking at those events to see if a common influence could be found. as the chinese observed their world they discovered that much of existence could be divided into pairs of opposing states of being. 
the concept that heat, was balanced by cold, male by female and hard by soft presented a way of ordering the chaos. this primary order began the journey to understanding cause and effect, which yields the ability to predict phenomena and ultimately the ability to control.

read more











wen and wu: our blog

kung fu isn’t merely a martial art, it’s a way of life. we’re always at work to explore our craft, better understand our world, and preserve the ancient art of kung fu.










wude: the heart of the kung fu practitioner

by sifu stephen cottrell | nov 15, 2024武德wude (pronounced “wu duh”) is the term for the character traits of the kung-fu practitioner. often presented in single-word series, the traits are often memorized, recited and spoken about in the course of instruction. the term wu 武 refers to “martial” as in wushu...




9/11

by sifu stephen cottrell | sep 11, 2024i remember i was doing taiji with albert daniel when the phone call came informing me of the first plane hitting the towers. we went on with practice until the reports came in of the other attacks. soon thereafter we stopped and albert went to see to his family/...




jiben gong

by sifu stephen cottrell | jul 30, 2024when one begins the study of kung-fu, regardless of the style, one encounters what is called the jiben gong (基本功) or fundamental abilities of the style.  i say abilities because it is not simply techniques.  it is also the conditioning of the body or gong(功) (so that...












about our sifu

a warrior and a scholar, sifu cottrell’s personality has been defined by the arts he has practiced and the real world venues in which he has lived out their philosophy and techniques.






years studying




years teaching




students





learn more







stay in touch.
sign up for our newsletter and we'll send you the latest.





success!



email





subscribe now














visit us
2701 race streetfort worth, texas 76111



call us
(817) 244-2347



email us
contact@authentickungfu.com







followfollow



 







designed and powered by worth media 






























