















home - mark twain house


























































search for:





skip to content











main navigation





digital offerings
newsletter sign-up
american voice in literature award








about

the house
the museum
mark twain
board of trustees
staff directory
careers
contact
news


visit

hours & admission
the nook farm café
plan your visit
guide to visiting
group visits
school trips
in the hartford area


support

american voice celebration
donate
become a member
volunteer
corporate support
restricted support


events

events
the trouble begins


rentals

corporate & social events
weddings


collections

exhibitions
collections
research & reproduction


shop
education

field trips
educational resources
adult outreach programs
community programs, contests, & internships
games & activities






















a house with a heart and soulbook your tour 









 

february 26, 7pm (et)jane austen’s bookshelf: a rare book collector’s quest to find the women writers who shaped a legend (in-person)learn more & register here! 



 

february 28, various times starting at 7pm (et)get a clue!learn more & register here! 







 

march 8, 7pm (et)miracles of the mind with brian imbuslearn more & register here! 



 

march 12, 7pm (et)grief is for people with sloane crosley (in-person)learn more & register here! 







new exhibition through september 2025it happened in hartford: 150 years of the mark twain house
location: throughout the museum center, online, and on the streets of hartford
september 2024 marked the 150th anniversary of the arrival of the clemens family in their newly built hartford home and 50 years since the mark twain house formally opened as a museum. we are celebrating these important milestones over the next year in a number of ways, including a special exhibition, a community history project, and an education initiative.
learn more here








visit our online book and museum storemark twain storewhether you’re a twainiac, life-long bibliophile, or a jewelry connoisseur, browse and shop exclusive finds and a lovely variety of gifts for everyone of all ages at the mark twain house & museum store. games, interesting reads, notebooks, unique apparel, we have it all! proceeds from the store support the upkeep and restoration of twain’s historic home and its programs.
shop








mark twain is one of our nation's defining cultural figures.the mark twain house & museum has restored the author’s hartford, connecticut, home, where the author and his family lived from 1874 to 1891. twain wrote his most important works during the years he lived there, including adventures of huckleberry finn, the adventures of tom sawyer, and a connecticut yankee in king arthur’s court. in addition to providing tours of twain’s restored home, a national historic landmark, the institution offers activities and educational programs that illuminate twain’s literary legacy and provide information about his life and times.
visit the mark twain house








mark twain american voice in literature award 2025first presented in 2016, the mark twain american voice in literature award honors a work of fiction from the previous calendar that speaks with an “american voice” about american experiences.
the award carries a $25,000 cash prize underwritten by bestselling author and trustee of the mark twain house and museum, david baldacci.
learn more








twain quotes
"always do right. this will gratify some people and astonish the rest.""nothing so needs reforming as other people’s habits.""the man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds."








 

mark twaina life lived in a changing worldabout mark twain 





 

the housethe word never had so much meaning beforeabout the house 



 

the museumlearn more about twain's lifeabout the museum 









 

supportyou can helppreserve the legacy 



 

shopbring twain homethe best gift shop in town 







our missionfrom this house, mark twain changed the way the world sees america and the way americans see themselves. we continue the conversation he began.








the operations of the mark twain house & museum are generously supported by:


 
media sponsor:

 
 

“america’s best house museum” –forbes (2021)
 













open 6 days a week (last tour at 3:15pm). closed on tuesdays.


📍hartford, connecticut



















351 farmington ave., hartford, ct 06105
					860-247-0998


i'm a visitor

hours & admission
guide to visiting
directions & parking



i'm a teacher

field trips
teacher workshops
educational resources



i'm a writer

classes & workshops
american voice award
write in mark twain's library



 

federal transparency in coverage rule





© 2025 the mark twain house & museum
					design by julia balfour, llc
















