



brad brauer | phoenix real estate broker / gay realtor







































(602) 690-1400
search homesfeatured propertieshistoric districts of phoenixresourcesbuying a homeselling a homephoenix market activitygovernment & utilitiesphoenix schoolsfinancing helpmortgage calculatorschoosing a home inspectorcommunity & cultural resourcesaboutabout bradclient reviewscontact usmy account


sell your home in phoenix— fast with no stress
if you're looking to sell your home as-is, give brad a call at (602) 690-1400.

get started today






maximize your phoenix area home sale with a systematic process and expert guidance
as a homeowner in phoenix, particularly this historic and central corridor, you've likely put life, love, and funds into your home, but when you find yourself desiring extra space or amenities in your home, you may decide it's time to sell. that's when the question becomes, how do you ensure you're doing everything possible to maximize your home's value?  you see, real estate transactions, regardless of how many you've been through, can be the largest transactions of your life.  if you're not prepared with a strategic plan and expert guidance, you can easily find yourself walking away with less than you deserve.   i can help.  when you're selling your home, you want to know you have the guidance of someone who will go the extra mile to help you capture every bit of equity you've earned. unfortunately, many agents today expect mls and a click of the internet to sell your home. but that isn't how you ensure you're getting the maximum sale price.  you deserve better and i agree.   working with brad...  your comfort level from the first meeting to closing is my top priority. you've worked hard for your home, so i want to ensure you feel confident in the decisions you're making. while you get started on your move, you can leave the 'heavy lifting' to me.  using exclusive strategies to boost your home's perceived value, we'll get your home prepared and positioned on the market to attract the most qualified buyers.  my commitment to you is a fierce work ethic, due diligence, clear and consistent communication, and strategic negotiations. these are just a few reasons why my clients have trusted me to over 500 sales in phoenix area real estate. my systems work and remove stress from this process.   call me today for your initial consultation → 602-690-1400  we'll discuss your needs, goals, and how i can work with you, and if it's the right fit, our next step from there.





brad brauer


check_circlearizona resident since 1983
check_circlelicensed in arizona since 1999
check_circlelicensed arizona broker since 2011
check_circlecertified e-pro, national association of realtors®
check_circleaccredited buyer's representative (abr)
check_circlegraduate of the real estate institute (gri)
check_circlecouncil of residential specialists (crs)
check_circlemember of the greater phoenix conventions and visitors bureau
check_circlemember of the greater phoenix gay and lesbian chamber of commerce
check_circlemember of phoenix realtors®


contact brad















 featured phoenix historic districts   while we have distinct love for downtown, mid-town, central corridors, and we specialize in phoenix's 35 historic districts, our knowledge of the metro phoenix area expands as far as maricopa county stretches. we love working with all types of buyers and sellers, from first time buyers to luxury sellers.       roosevelt historic district of phoenix        willo historic district of phoenix          encanto-palmcroft historic district of phoenix        f.q. story historic district of phoenix      all historic districts 







                our real estate services
            

                 whether you're buying or selling a home, brad brauer is your source for the latest real estate information for the phoenix metro area, from schools and utilities, to community happenings and mortgage estimates. with nearly two decades of experience as a trusted agent in the phoenix real estate market, brad offers an invaluable perspective on the phoenix area, particularly in the central and historic districts. here's how we can help you:
            








buying a home
 our team provides potential buyers with all the necessary information to find the perfect place to call home. whether this is your first time buying a home or your 100th, we give you the tools you need to find the house that is right for you.  
learn more







selling your home
 the choice of realtor can make all the difference in ensuring your home is completely ready for the market. brad provides in-depth knowledge of the historic home market in phoenix and can confirm your home is priced competitively.  
learn more







financing help
 when buying a new home, choosing a mortgage broker/lender is just as important as choosing your realtor. we work with the most exceptional lenders in phoenix to provide our clients a stress-free home buying experience.  
learn more








phoenix historic districts

alvarado historic district of phoenixashland place historic district of phoenixbrentwood historic district of phoenixcampus vista historic district of phoenixcheery lynn historic district of phoenixcoronado historic district of phoenixcountry club park historic district of phoenixdel norte historic district of phoenixearll place historic district of phoenixeast alvarado historic district of phoenixeast evergreen historic district of phoenixencanto manor historic district of phoenixencanto vista historic district of phoenixencanto-palmcroft historic district of phoenixf.q. story historic district of phoenixfairview place historic district of phoenixgarfield historic district of phoenixidylwilde park historic district of phoenixla hacienda historic district of phoenixlos olivos historic district of phoenixmargarita place historic district of phoenixmedlock place historic district of phoenixnorth encanto historic district of phoenixnorth garfield historic district of phoenixoakland historic district of phoenixphoenix homesteads historic districtpierson place historic district of phoenixroosevelt historic district of phoenixroosevelt park historic district of phoenixvilla verde historic district of phoenixwillo historic district of phoenixwindsor square historic district of phoenixwoodland historic district of phoenixwoodlea historic district of phoenixyaple park historic district of phoenix






contact brad brauer today!
 we're ready to help you with your real estate needs. to get started, give us a call at
                        (602) 690-1400 or contact us by email using the provided form. we look
                        forward to working with you.



required fields are indicated by an asterisk (*)
 













information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. all information should be verified by the recipient and none is guaranteed as accurate by armls. copyright 2025 arizona regional multiple listing service, inc. all rights reserved.listing information last updated on january 31st, 2019 at 12:01pm mst.

homesearch homesfeatured propertieshistoric districts of phoenixaboutcontact usresources
buying a homeselling a homephoenix market activitygovernment & utilitiesphoenix schoolsfinancing helpmortgage calculatorschoosing a home inspectorcommunity & cultural resources
sign up for new listing alerts






















phoenix historic districts


alvarado historic district of phoenixashland place historic district of phoenixbrentwood historic district of phoenixcampus vista historic district of phoenixcheery lynn historic district of phoenixcoronado historic district of phoenixcountry club park historic district of phoenixdel norte historic district of phoenixearll place historic district of phoenixeast alvarado historic district of phoenixeast evergreen historic district of phoenixencanto manor historic district of phoenixencanto vista historic district of phoenixencanto-palmcroft historic district of phoenixf.q. story historic district of phoenixfairview place historic district of phoenixgarfield historic district of phoenixidylwilde park historic district of phoenixla hacienda historic district of phoenixlos olivos historic district of phoenixmargarita place historic district of phoenixmedlock place historic district of phoenixnorth encanto historic district of phoenixnorth garfield historic district of phoenixoakland historic district of phoenixphoenix homesteads historic districtpierson place historic district of phoenixroosevelt historic district of phoenixroosevelt park historic district of phoenixvilla verde historic district of phoenixwillo historic district of phoenixwindsor square historic district of phoenixwoodland historic district of phoenixwoodlea historic district of phoenixyaple park historic district of phoenix




©2004 - 2025 bradbrauer.com, all rights reserved.

100 w portland, suite 106, phoenix, az 85003
web design by bx3 interactive



call now: (602) 690-1400






sign up
   sign up to add favorites and get email updates for new listings!
   




    already signed up?
    log in







