





top notch treecare - full service tree care - minneapolis st. paul













 site 
          map | about 
          us | job 
          opportunities | contact 
          us














 




 




 


















 


 top 
                        notch treecare joins forces with bartlett tree experts!












we 
                            are pleased to announce that bartlett tree experts, 
                            an industry leader that has been providing state-of-the-art 
                            tree care for over 100 years, has invited top notch 
                            to become part of their international tree care firm. 
                            this arrangement will enable top notch to broaden 
                            its plant health care services, increase safety and 
                            training, and access cutting-edge research.
what 
                            it means for our clients
our 
                            clients will continue to receive the local attention 
                            they have become accustomed to, but now also benefit 
                            from access to bartlett's resources and advanced scientific 
                            laboratory facilities. because the existing top notch 
                            treecare staff will be joining bartlett, our clients 
                            can expect the same high level customer service and 
                            professional tree care.


learn 
                        more about bartlett tree experts

serving 
                        minneapolis, st. paul and the surrounding area




 offering 
                    residential and commercial tree care





top 
                          notch treecare has been committed to quality tree service 
                          since it was founded in 1982. our isa certified arborists 
                          are dedicated to maintaining your trees' health, appearance, 
                          and value to the environment. we offer tree and shrub pruning, tree removal, tree cabling, dutch elm disease and oak wilt management, insect and disease control and several other tree and shrub care services in the twin cities area.







 




full service tree care


top 
                  notch treecare

2724 
                    fernbrook lane n


plymouth 
                    mn 55447
763-253-8733




emerald ash borer found in st. 
                        paul

talk to an arborist about preventive treatment.








 
top 
                    notch treecare was the first company in minnesota to receive 
                    accreditation from the tree care industry association.
more 
                    about tcia accreditation
 











 
professional 
              and industry links (click on logos below)




 





 




 home
| site 
                    map | about 
                    us | job 
                    opportunities |
contact 
                    us | links
| request 
                    a consultation


top notch treecare is proud to be a division of bartlett tree experts, and our staff now has the backing of an international tree-care company and tree research laboratory to help continue providing excellent tree service and shrub care in the minneapolis area. view a complete list of professional tree services offered by bartlett.



      
© top notch treecare, plymouth, mn
a division of bartlett tree experts serving the minneapolis-st. paul area
 763-253-8733








 
 



