









home - a woman's view | healthcare for women | hickory, nc









































































































































facebookinstagramscheduling (828) 345-0800
request an appointment
patient portal
 


0shopping carthome
services

gynecology

abnormal pap smear
annual exams
birth control
bladder health
bone density screening
cervical cancer screening
endometrial biopsy
gynecologic surgery
hormone replacement therapy
infertility
menopause management
osteoporosis
pelvic organ prolapse
pms relief
std screening & treatment
teen & adolescent gynecology
urinary incontinence
uterine fibroids


mammography
ultrasound

prenatal ultrasounds
instructions for pregnant patients
other types of ultrasounds
instructions for other ultrasounds


obstetrics

genetic testing
instructions for delivery
postpartum care
preconception
routine prenatal care
safe medications during pregnancy


primary care resources
lab services
weight management
counseling services


resources

covid fact sheets
community resources
primary care resources
girl talk educational sessions
just between us newsletter
young & on your way
oh, baby!
in full stride
aging gracefully


meet us

reviews


patient info

electronic check-in system
patient forms
patient rights & responsibilities
patient financial responsibility policy
privacy
insurance & billing
collections protocol
card on file
online bill pay
prescription refills
online scheduling


location
contact us
search




menu


menu

 







welcome to a woman’s view
a woman’s view is an ob/gyn practice that caters specifically to the needs of women. we offer many services under one roof – from obstetrics and gynecology to imaging and laboratory services – in a warm, welcoming environment. our clinicians are committed to individualized care for all women throughout each phase of their lives. please call today to begin your journey with us.

nurturing, empowering and healing the spirit of women through comprehensive, compassionate care.
link to young & on your way in category
young & on your way
link to oh, baby! in category
oh, baby!
link to in full stride in category
in full stride
link to oh, baby! in category
aging gracefully

why weight?
if you are struggling to lose weight and keep it off, a woman’s view can help with a medically-based weight loss and wellness program that works.

learn more


hats off
know a staff member who deserves a “hats off” for outstanding treatment? you can reward them.

learn more
just between us
stay up-to-date on current and relevant topics with our just between us newsletter. sign-up to receive the latest issue.

learn more
refer a friend
psst…have a girlfriend who’s expecting or in need of an ob-gyn?

learn more
online scheduling
connecting with the right care for you. at the right time. we make it easy.

learn more

what our patients are saying

staff and doctors at awv are great and listen to any problems you may have. they take their time with patients. i never feel rushed.
brittany l.
they are the absolute best ob-gyn practice within a 10 county radius. always helpful and friendly!

the staff is always attentive. all my concerns and questions have always been answered. signing in online is so easy and very helpful getting seen so quickly. i would highly recommend a woman’s view for all your primary and ob-gyn needs.

outstanding care. on time appointments. wonderful women doctors who listen and care.

i can’t express enough what this place has done for me i love every single person that i came in contact with here and they have been super helpful from day 1. i had a tricky situation to start with and they worked with me thru my insurance every step of the way, i moved to maryland and am still making appointments with them because of how hard it’s been to see anyone in maryland because of switching insurances and so on. they have gave me help and solid advice every time i call and i couldn’t ask for a better place for myself and my baby.
amelia matz
“always so kind and caring. very personable! makes me feel cared for and more than a number.”
jennifer inman
“i’ve seen teri herman since i was a freshman and college. she makes me feel very comfortable and is always open to listen. i recently moved and i still drive to hickory so i can still see teri.”
mollie clohesy
“dara was wonderful as usual! she’s the reason i keep coming back to a woman’s view. everyone in the office is always so friendly and helpful. the mammography tech was professional and made me feel comfortable. the lab had a student phlebotomist and she was fantastic as well.”
melynda
previousnext
view more testimonials

  



a woman's viewprivacy
careers
patient portal
news
contact us
employee store login

  


© copyright 2025 - a woman's view | ob/gyn healthcare designed for women | hickory, nc
facebookinstagram






scroll to top

 









facebook                                                                    








twitter                                                                    








instagram                                                                    











patients looking for new primary care?  please click here for a list of primary care services in our area.
covid-19 news
a woman’s view is continuously working to prioritize the safety of our patients, providers and staff first and foremost.
if you are exhibiting any covid-19 symptoms we will ask you to wear a mask while in the office.
exciting news! catawba valley medical center is on us news & world report’s 2024 best hospital for maternity care. – read the article here.


close			















































