
















home | gabriel



































































      skip to main content
    

























































customer.service@gabriel.com


















































































 






















































 



where to buy




















toggle navigation


















main navigation






home


products


new products


fleetline heavy duty shocks


gasslx adjustable hd shocks


ltv severe duty


load carrier shocks


maxcontrol monotube shocks


hijackers air shocks


classic shocks


readymount strut assemblies


ultra shocks & struts


proguard shocks


guardian shocks


product warranty




shock selector


shocks by application type


shock selector video guide


shock selector quick reference guide




catalogs


videos


commercial vehicle videos


automotive videos


last mile delivery videos


general videos




training


resources


marketing support


technical service


technical bulletins


frequently asked questions


rewards program


product warranty


safety data sheets




about us


history


careers


press releases




contact


where to buy

































































find your shocks & struts


replacement

performance





year / make / model







(or)













































 the gabriel difference















                        it all began in 1907 when claude h. foster invented “the snubber,” an early version of what would become today’s shock absorbers. since then, gabriel has been perfecting shock absorber technology since 1907 -  that’s over a century of proven performance that you can count on!
                      
















                        gabriel shock absorbers are available online or in a store near you! visit our easy-to-use dealer locator to find a gabriel dealer today! from readymount complete strut assemblies all the way to fleetline & gasslx heavy duty commercial vehicle shocks - gabriel has you covered!
                      
















                        gabriel's answergarage technicians are the shock absorber & strut experts on installations, technical questions, and so much more! they are based in north america and are here to help you with anything you need! give our answergarage techs a call today on our toll-free tech line at (800) 999-3903 or by sending an email to                                  answer.man@gabriel.com
                      
















                        gabriel offers free online video-based training and a loyalty rewards program at answergarage.com. watch and learn with in-depth videos, from gabriel’s answergarage experts. then, test your knowledge or submit purchases to redeem points for amazing rewards – such as tools, counter stools, apparel, and more!
                      
















                        gabriel has a wide range of product literature & store swag support items ranging from comprehensive product guides, cross reference charts, product features & benefits, vocational application brochures, product stocking guides, and competitive testing brochures - to point of purchase store swag items like counter mats and easels, bay banners, metal signs, posters, air bag tags, toolbox decals, tech service magnets, and more!
                      
















                        gabriel® is so confident that you will be satisfied with the ride that your new heavy duty fleetline® or gasslx® shocks provide, we are offering an exclusive 100-day risk-free ride guarantee! try a complete set of qualifying gabriel® fleetline or gasslx shocks for 100 days. if you aren’t satisfied with how your new ride feels, gabriel will refund your parts & labor for a truly risk-free guarantee!
                      

























 testimonials 













gasslx severe duty commercial vehicle shocks 
"brooks diesel service has been selling gabriel gasslx shocks for several years. we get great feedback from customers and haven't had any warranty claims to date.  we feel like the gasslx series is a good upgrade over the stock shocks and feel good recommending them to our customers."  - cody brooks
brooks diesel service











ervin middlebrook
hijackers on a 1970 dodge charger 500:  “i have used gabriel shocks for years (decades). they are easy to install and hold air better than the competition (i don’t speak from experience but i do hear the complaints from my friends. i recommend them but you can’t convince everyone). i have driven a street machine type vehicle since i started driving in 1981 and enjoy big tires in the rear.  the hijackers always give me the stance i’m looking for. i proudly display the hijacker decal on my car.”  -ervin in tx
abbott, tx











 steve chase
“been buying gabriel shocks for over 50 years!  i’m retired and a classic car hobbyist!"
tallahassee, fl











hewitt wheless	
classics on a 1955 studebaker commander:  “replaced other brand with classic rear gabriel shocks – good ride!  now need to raise rear of car about another ¾ inch for new exhaust clearance. air shocks are better choice than having springs reworked plus better ride!” - hewitt from long view
longview, tx











henry pagliocca
"i installed a set of gabriel hijacker shocks in my 1963 impala ss over five decades ago. in all that time & miles, they have performed flawlessly. outside of one repaint when the car was refreshed some twenty years ago, they have never needed servicing. it has been my pleasure and joy to peek under my impala and see those white shocks doing their job. they're just one of those great products!"
holbrook, ny











wenn biletzskov
hi jackers on a 2001 e-z-go workhorse golf cart:  “ken and ted [in gabriel's tech service] helped me select the right shock for my application. many people have used the hijacker shocks to lower carts, buy not many have used them to lift a cart. with their help and a little internet research, i was able to install the hijacker shocks in place of the coil over springs in the front of the cart allowing the front to adjust from 4" of lift, to around 8" of lift. the rear of the cart also has hijacker shocks, and it fully adjustable on the fly as well. the cart is able to not only lift the front separate from the rear, but each wheel is on its own switch, so full adjustability for all corners.” - wenn from hanahan
hanahan, sc











david hemenway
"i have really enjoyed the gabriel shocks on my gmc jimmy and they provide a perfect ride with a very clean oem style and appearance that compliments the trucks originality. the red color is also a nice departure from so many black or yellow ones on the market. i will use gabriels any chance i can get now." thank you, david and jimmy in denver
denver, co











gabriel gas shocks on a 1977 chevy monza prostreet
"quality shocks right out of the box!  never an issue for 6 years of racing." - david w. from milwaukee.
milwaukee, wi











bill legall
"we have a 2019 gmc savana 2500 long w-b explorer vista-cruiser conversion van.  rode really bad with the stock shocks. purchased bilstein dampers, which were a good improvement, but there was still a “tugging” sensation, from the heavy 20” wheels, combined with the chassis being “torqued” on mildly-rough roads. did not ride level, whatsoever, front to rear. rattles in dash. i remembered getting “unreal” results, decades ago, from gabriel “super-e” shocks. so, i decided to research your current models. watched your excellent youtube “selection” video, was impressed!  so i ordered the maxcontrol for the rear and “ultra” for the front. the results: like going from a tri-hull fiberglass boat, to classy wooden v-hull. the improvement in ride quality is staggering!!! what i discovered….. 1- on absolutely any paved road, including concrete, there is zero jarring. i see the undulations, and yet the ride remains relaxed. tried to find surfaces that would “fluster” your product, to no avail. 2- no feeling of the chassis being “torqued”, which i had “assumed” was less than robust design. i thank god, i was wrong. 3- near-flat (!!!) front to rear ride quality. it previously had the most annoying sensation, in this area. almost as though it has “interacting/interconnecting torsion bar suspension” (ala 1956 packard). 4- audible dashboard-rattles 100% gone 5- rollercoaster-bumps are perfectly damped and controlled, without the trade-off of rough ride. 6-no longer the feeling of the heavy 20” wheels, tossing their weight around, in a most annoying way. 7- cornering is so well controlled, that there is no need for a rear-roll-bar. i have all sorts of cars and do all my own “wrenching” for decades. also, a crazy perfectionist.  with my experience, i fully understand that what the gabriel team has developed, is a near-impossible feat. for my auto-enthusiast-wife, and i, to be in shock is amazing!  thank you gabriel!" - bill in lansdale
lansdale, pa







previous



next























































































stay up to date with current events, new releases and special offers





                    subscribe
                  
































































































facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin

































            				powered by apa engineering pvt ltd. © 2025 all rights reserved
			          





login (for admin use)   |   
grc (mexico)3  |   
customer service: 800-251-5932  |   
 tech support: 800-999-3903














x
please login to continue..!
login





x
please login to continue to add wish list!
login





x
product added successfully





x
quantity updated successfully





x
scratchpad updated successfully





x






x

product  added to cart successfully





x
please pick any one color





x
you can compare only 3 products








x






save









compare








×



  new uem pricing will take effect on july 1st, be sure to contact your uem representative for more details. 


ok









×




  please contact customer service at 1-800-648-7970 or orderdesk@uempistons.com to resolve account issues prior to placing an order. 


ok































