



jewishgen kehilalinks


























 
























the genealogical research division of 












about


mission
our team

get involved


learn more about our organizational leadership, mission, and values. there are numerous opportunities to get involved yourself!




research


search all records
country & topical databases
holocaust database
burial registry (jowbr)
memorial & plaques database
shul records america
family trees (ftjp)
sephardic
text search


search millions of records from around the globe, including more than 4 million records related to the holocaust, and more than 4.2 million burial records. records are continually added each month - check back often for new information!




discover


town finder (communities database)
yizkor books
kehilalinks
regional/topical research divisions
jewishgen press publications


discover your ancestral town, explore geographic/regional based sections of the jewishgen site (research divisions), and explore what daily life was like for your ancestors - and what we can learn from them today.




learn


online classes
search methodologies & research advice


learn how to enhance your research with online classes and dozens of helpful articles submitted by volunteer researchers just like you!




connect


family finder
discussion group
jewish genealogy portal
blog
viewmate
success stories
yahrzeit reminders


connect with tens of thousands of other jewishgen members via the family finder, discussion group, facebook group, and viewmate. it's a great way to share success, ask questions, and stay informed of the happenings throughout the jewish genealogical community.




donate


general support
specific projects
planned giving
wall of honor


the jewishgen site is offered as a free public resource. however, it costs a lot of money to maintain and expand our services. if you are in a position to do so, please consider a contribution today - your support will make a difference!














 

 









jewishgen kehilalinks




kehila
קהילה
            [hebrew] n.
            (pl. kehilot
קהילות):
jewish community. 
              used to refer to a jewish community, anywhere in the
              world.






jewishgen kehilalinks (formerly "shtetlinks")
      is a project facilitating web pages commemorating
      the places where jews have lived. 
      kehilalinks provides the opportunity for anyone with an interest
      in a place to create web pages about that community. 
      these web pages may contain information, pictures, databases,
      and links to other sources providing data about that place.
    


click on the region below to see a list of kehilalinks sites
          in that region.
all places are listed by their
          modern names in their current countries. 
          yiddish and other names follow in parentheses.





americas
asia & africa
australia
balkans


belarus, russia & georgia
hungary & slovakia
latvia & estonia
lithuania


middle east
poland
romania & moldova
ukraine


western europe
region / district studies
british isles




don't see your community listed? 
        learn how to add your own
          kehilalinks page.
      

click on the toolbar above to take you to a
      list
      of cities and towns that are within today's borders of that
      country or area. 
      keep in mind that borders have changed through the years, so if
      you
      don't see your place listed, check the neighboring countries
      to see if it might appear within their current borders (e.g.:
      smorgon,
      traditionally associated with lithuania, is in belarus
      today). 
      kehilalinks continues to grow, so check back often.





more about
              kehilalinks


contact
              kehilalinks coordinators




all information on kehilalinks pages is provided by jewishgen
      volunteers. 
      each site is the responsibility of the individual site owner,
      so please contact him or her for further information. 
      jewishgen does not verify the information provided, nor do we have
      any additional information about these places which does not
      appear
      publicly on the jewishgen website.





 











            edmond j. safra plaza  |  36 battery place  |  new york, ny 10280

            646.494.2972  | info@jewishgen.org |  
            © 2025, jewishgen, inc. 
            all rights reserved.




















