



english bulldogs. all about the bulldog, pictures, breeders, care.





















 . 

	.

	. 

	. 





the bulldog information library
one of the web's oldest and most complete one-stop information source about bulldogs






| bulldog breed description | bulldog breeders | english bulldog puppies | english bulldog health |  bulldog books | 












the bulldog
(english bulldogs, british bulldogs)

this section is about the english bulldog.
for other bulldog breeds, see: bulldog breeds and bully breeds






if you are considering getting your first english bulldog, please research the breed carefully, be very selective in choosing a reputable and responsible breeder (do not buy from a pet store) and be sure to assess the costs of quality food and routine veterinary costs.












many bulldogs end up in rescue each year, only because these adorable plush-like english bulldog puppies grow up one day and their owners didn't realize what it entails to own a bulldog. the bulldog's learning stage is considerably longer as compared to other breeds. during this stage your bulldog puppy will chew on anything they can find and some owners find this difficult to handle. adopting an older bulldog may be a solution and has many other advantages, too.








we hope that the information throughout our website will help you make an informed decision whether an english bulldog is the right breed for you.

if you are considering breeding english bulldogs, please read our tips for bulldog breeders first.






new to bulldogs ? start here:
is an english bulldog the right breed for you
how to choose a bulldog puppy breeder
english bulldog puppies
reputable breeder check list
responsible dog ownership






for those of you who may want to see the broader picture of the bulldog's genealogical tree, we have described these breeds in separate sections, under bulldog breeds, molosser breeds and bull-and-terrier breeds.

we hope you also enjoy our funny english bulldog pictures gallery with cute english bulldog puppies, as well as our suggestions for bulldog names.  




dog encyclopedia
dog breeds a to z 
home






















    custom search
  








over 55+ million bulldog owners and dog owners 
have found the bulldog information library usefull.





photo by willee cole. send us your bulldog photos ! 
the cutest ones will be published on our website!




































































 start here >>





- odor problems in bulldogs can become even more of a problem in summer...
- traveling tips for dog owners
- preparing your dog for the boarding kennel
- steps to take if your dog is lost
- flying safely with your dog
- starting your own home-based business for stay-at-home pet owners







how to housebreak
your dog in 7 days
by shirlee kalstone
a foolproof method for housebreaking your dog 
in a way that works with both his innate behavioral instincts and your individual lifestyle.
more information:












most popular bulldog books





complete list of bulldog books











what's new ?





the bulldog information library 2003-2012 © all rights reserved. bulldog puppy photo willee cole/istockphoto.

original idea, design and development by catherine marien-de luca. no part of bulldoginformation.com may be copied, distributed, printed or reproduced on another website without the owner's written permission. please feel free to link from your site to any of the pages on this website in a non-frame presentation only.





enjoy your visit !













puppy information





choosing a breeder
selecting a puppy
equipment to buy for your new bulldog puppy
puppy housebreaking books
bulldog puppy photos
puppy training books for kids




about bulldoginformation.com: sitemap | about us | privacy | copyright | contact 





more puppy info...




bulldog stuff





bulldog health
 feeding your bulldog
finding a name for your bulldog





bulldog "i didn't do it"
adult sweatshirt
more information:









your bulldog














more about the bulldog




more bulldog t-shirts









more bulldog articles:






 




updated september 5, 2012











                               visitors














































