






amnesty international canada - human rights organization









please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility







amnesty international canada - human rights organization





























































skip to main content


donate
  




































contact
member login
agm
 





campaigns
latest
about

about amnesty
human rights agenda
equity & anti-racism
leadership & governance
financial accountability
membership


shop


search


donate




get started

find local group
urgent action network
join book club
write for rights
youth programs
upcoming events


 

donate

ways to give
monthly donations
legacy giving
in memoriam gift


 








search input

search








issues & countries



view campaigns by issue & country



amnesty international
amnesty international is a human rights organization and global movement of more than 10 million people in over 150 countries and territories who campaign for human rights. we are independent of any government, political ideology, economic interest or religion and are funded by individuals like you. we believe acting in solidarity and compassion with people everywhere can change our world for the better.



campaigns



indigenous peoples in canada






refugees & migrants






women's rights & gender justice






climate justice & corporate accountability





canada

amnesty book club
respect indigenous rights on wet'suwet'en territory
online gender-based violence
immigration detention
safe third country agreement
end fossil fuel subsidies
no more stolen sisters



worldwide

write for rights | write a letter. change a life.
gaza crisis | activism toolkit
israel | stop all arms sales to israel
ukraine | demand justice for ukraine
russia | war censorship laws must go
peru | speak up to support families seeking justice
drc | end forced evictions









reports & publications

report: labour exploitation of migrant workers in canada 
report: israel’s genocide against palestinians in gaza
report: criminalization, intimidation and harassment of wet'suwet'en land defenders
the candle magazine
amnesty international canada's annual human rights agenda
amnesty international's global annual human rights report 
member publications



press releases

use of inherently inaccurate weapons to launch unlawful hezbollah attacks in israel violates international law
alberta premier danielle smith’s notwithstanding clause threat ‘cruel and unnecessary’
global write for rights campaign targets canada’s criminalization of wet’suwet’en land defenders
amnesty international investigation concludes israel is committing genocide against palestinians in gaza
canadian government’s decision to split online harms act a ‘step in the right direction’



podcast



amnesty's podcast



listen to rights back at you
we introduce you to fascinating people who are making change unstoppable. hear powerful stories of resistance and solidarity and learn more about how you can take action now for human rights. this series connects the dots and passes the mic to people building a better future now. together, we unravel the canada you think you know and challenge the systems that hold back human rights.



news



‘canada has destroyed me’: labour exploitation of migrant workers in canada
01.30.2025





use of inherently inaccurate weapons to launch unlawful hezbollah attacks in israel violates international law
12.20.2024





alberta premier danielle smith’s notwithstanding clause threat ‘cruel and unnecessary’
12.19.2024





confirmation of saudi arabia as 2034 fifa world cup host puts many lives at risk
12.11.2024









main menu






campaignsexpand campaigns sub-list

issues & countries
indigenous peoples in canada
refugees & migrants
women’s rights & gender justice
corporate accountability
climate justice


latestexpand latest sub-list

human rights news
press releases
podcast
publications
events
media awards


take actionexpand take action sub-list

get started
activism guide
amnesty book club
write for rights | amnesty international canada
urgent action network
youth programs


aboutexpand about sub-list

human rights agenda
equity & anti-racism journey
leadership & governance
financial accountability
careers
membership
contact


donateexpand donate sub-list

ways to give
become a monthly donor
leave a gift in your will
give an in memoriam gift
other ways to give
update donor information


amnesty shop
member login

donate





‘canada has destroyed me’amnesty report exposes systemic abuse of migrants in canada’s temporary foreign worker program.learn more


latest news from amnesty international
 



human rights news 

sudan: rsf must stop attacks on famine-stricken zamzam camp  






human rights news 

joint statement on announcement of canada-ecuador free trade agreement 






human rights news 

usa: sanctions against international criminal court betray international justice system  






human rights news 

sudan: civilians at imminent risk of reprisal attacks as fighting rages in khartoum and darfur  






human rights news 

iran: urgent global action needed to halt imminent execution of kurdish humanitarian worker pakhshan azizi 






human rights news 

israel/opt: president trump’s claim that us will take over gaza and forcibly deport palestinians appalling and unlawful 






human rights news 

canada must withdraw from safe third country agreement with the united states 






human rights news 

myanmar: four years after coup, world must demand accountability for atrocity crimes 




view all news





join a community of changemakers working toward equality, justice, and compassion. 
amnesty international is a human rights organization and global community of more than 10 million people in over 170 countries and territories who defend and promote human rights.
we are independent of any government, political ideology, economic interest or religion and are funded by individuals like you. by supporting human rights globally, we create a fairer, safer, and more inclusive world for everyone.

what are human rights?










get started


who we are


since 1961, we’ve been helping people claim their rights across the world.

read our story



what we do


from the death penalty to free speech, we protect people’s human rights.

browse the issues



what you can do


write a letter, volunteer, and speak out against injustice worldwide.

get involved



donate & change lives


we accept no funding from governments and rely solely upon the generosity of people like you.

donate today










join amnesty
together we can change oppressive laws and free people jailed just for voicing
        their opinion. join amnesty to learn how to take action and get urgent human rights news delivered right to your inbox.





take urgent action
 



urgent actions 

uganda: military court convicts human rights lawyer in unfair trial 






urgent actions 

tunisia: free sihem bensedrine: end unjust detention now 






human rights education 

lifesaver: stand up for families and people seeking safety 






urgent actions 

iran: two prisoners face immediate execution 




view all


get involved

book clubjoin the amnesty international book club to read and take action for human rightsfree signup
take actionsign an online petition and help stop human rights violationsact now
activism guideour quarterly guide to taking action to stop human rights abusesread more
amnesty storeshop for human rights.shop with purpose.visit store






issues
 



mass surveillance, security and human rights 






climate justice 






death penalty 






women’s rights & gender justice 






arms trade 






lgbti rights 






refugees and migrants 






indigenous peoples in canada 



 



corporate accountability 






health and human rights 



countries
members of amnesty international in canada campaign on human rights in the americas and in a number of other countries where the actions of the canadian government and of canadians can have the greatest impact.
 



iran 






north-east syria 






mexico 






colombia 






turkey 






china 






israel and the occupied palestinian territory 




for full details on amnesty international’s human rights advocacy and research work in countries and regions around the world, please visit our global website.

a-z of countries and regions







how we make change happen

researchhuman rights change starts with the facts. our experts do accurate, cross-checked research into human rights violations by governments and others worldwide.
advocacy and lobbyingwe use our analysis to influence and press governments, companies and decision-makers to do the right thing.
campaigns and actionthrough petitions, letters and protests, campaigners worldwide press for action from the people and institutions who can make change happen.



share 







sign up to take action





join our movement

one time
monthly


$50
$100
$250
$500
donate now


$10
$20
$50
$100
donate now








abouthuman rights agendafrequently asked questionsleadership & board of directorsfinancial statementslatestnewspress releasespodcastpublicationstake actionwhat you can doways to givejoin amnestycareersmake a donationmake a gift to support human rights today.				
									donate now



amnesty international accessibility policy
privacy policy
contact us


© 2025 amnesty international canada


follow us on: 

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram











we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.

close gdpr cookie banner





accept
decline
settings

close gdpr cookie banner



 






 
























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 












