







home - sgi usa














































 

skip to main content














buddhism for daily life

about our community
basics of our practice
life stories


buddhism for human dignity

about buddhist humanism
the humanism of the lotus sutra
applying the philosophy


buddhism for global citizenship

about global citizenship
engaged buddhism
global efforts for peace
peace proposals


member resources



clear








welcome to the most diverse buddhist community in the united states.


contact us



happiness from within
true happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
—daisaku ikeda


nextprev




buddhism for daily life
from parenting to thriving at work—a buddhism that applies to all.
learn more →







buddhism for human dignity
equality at the fundamental level—a buddhism that focuses on life.
learn more →







buddhism for global citizenship
acting locally for a global impact—a buddhism that empowers.
learn more →






online store
start your journey of exploring buddhist principles and practice today!

explore






from our publications
nextprev






sgi president daisaku ikeda passes away
daisaku ikeda, honorary president of the soka gakkai and president of the soka gakkai international (sgi), passed away from natural causes at his residence in shinjuku, tokyo, on the evening of nov. 15. he was 95. a funeral has been held with members of his immediate family; the time and date of commemorative services will be










soka gakkai memorial service held for president daisaku ikeda
on november 23, 2023, a soka gakkai memorial service for daisaku ikeda, honorary president of soka gakkai and president of soka gakkai international (sgi), was conducted from 1:30 p.m. at the toda memorial auditorium in sugamo, tokyo. the service was broadcast live to 1,000 venues throughout the 47 prefectures of japan. soka gakkai president minoru harada,










on sgi president daisaku ikeda’s passing 
following the passing of sgi president daisaku ikeda on november 15, 2023, soka gakkai president minoru harada and senior vice president hiromasa ikeda released a message. the video was recorded at the three founding presidents conference room of the hall of the great vow for kosen-rufu on november 18, 2023, and includes a message from sgi










statement on the israel-palestine situation
the soka gakkai council on peace issues released the following statement on october 26, 2023.









voices of courage and hope




buddhability podcast
a weekly show about how to believe in yourself again, told by a community of buddhists doing it everyday.
check out →



sgi-usa publications
our weekly newspaper, world tribune, and monthly study magazine, living buddhism, are must haves for our buddhist practice covering buddhist concepts, encouragement and more.
check out →



buddhist solutions for life’s problems podcast
tap into 3,000 years of buddhist wisdom to find real solutions to life’s problems.
check out →






buddhism for daily life
—about our community
—basics of our practice
—life stories
buddhism for human dignity
—about buddhist humanism
—the humanism of the lotus sutra
—applying the philosophy
buddhism for global citizenship
—about global citizenship
—engaged buddhism
—global efforts for peace
—peace proposals
find/contact us
member resources
sgi-usa bookstore
sgi-usa charter
corporate governance
 
















