


delicious filipino recipes
















main | 
	newsblog | 
	newspapers | 
	recipes | 
	travel








delicious filipino recipes

filipino meat recipes
























beef nilagathe nilaga is an all-in-one meal that combine meat and veggies in one satisfying dish.
beef tapafilipino version of beef jerky usually served with garlic fried rice and fried egg.
bicol expressyou will need plenty of rice to go with this very spicy pork dish from the bicol region.
binagoongang baboydelicious pork recipe with shrimp paste, but not recommended for those with hypertension.
bistek tagalogthe filipino version of the beef steak made from very thin slices of beef cooked in soy sauce and calamansi juice.
chicken and pork adobothis is a classic recipe with as many versions as the islands of the philippines.
chicken tinolathere's nothing like a hot chicken tinola to warm you up especially when you are under the weather.
kare-karenative recipe of meat cooked in peanut sauce and served with shrimp paste (bagoong).
menudothis dish is obviously derived from spain that colonized the islands for more than 300 years.
paksiw na patapork leg (including the knuckle) is used in this favorite sweet-sour recipe.
pork barbecuethe tangy sweet favor of this grilled street food is a favorite among filipinos.
sizzling pork sisigan original recipe from the pampanga region. delicious eaten with steamed rice, but also popular as 'pulutan' to go with beer.
tokwa't baboythis dish goes well with porridge or a cold bottle of beer.



kabayan,bookmark this page nowbefore you forget.



filipino seafood recipes

fish escabechefried fish, such as lapu-lapu or tilapia, with sweet and sour sauce.
sinigang na bangus (milkfish)the national fish (bangus) cooked in sour soup base.


buy filipino ingredients online from nanay sebing's pinoy sari-sari store and have them delivered to your doorstep anywhere in the world.

filipino vegetable recipes

ginisang munggothis is one way of cooking mung beans that filipinos, for some reason, loves to cook during fridays.
laingtaro leaves cooked in coconut milk, from the bicol region.
pinakbetnative vegetables such as eggplant, okra, string beans, and squash, among others are cooked together in shrimp paste (bagoong) to come up with this exquisite recipe.



filipino rice & noodle recipes

pancit bihon guisadoa filipino celebration would not be complete without it.














authentic recipes from the philippines
by: reynaldo g. alejandro, et.al.
	centuries of influences of chinese, hispanic and american culinary techniques created one of the most vibrant and intriguing cuisines in asia. this book comes with vivid photos of the dishes and ingredients, you'll immediately know what to expect and how the dishes should turn out. "kain tayo!" (let's eat!)
buy now!



filipino children's favorite stories
by: liana elena romulo & joanne de leon
	a collection of 13 classic folktales of the philippines such as "the terrible giant", "a feast of gold", and "the deer and the snail". children can learn the value of honesty, friendship, sharing, and many others in this wonderfully illustrated story book while learning about filipino culture at the same time.
buy now!



filipino cuisine: recipes from the islands
by: gerry g. gelle
	a mouth-watering collection of authentic traditional filipino recipes such as the adobo, sinigang, and bibingka. includes a brief overview of the history of filipino food and regional specialties. "masarap!" (delicious!)
buy now!




site map | 
  terms of use | 
  privacy policy | 
  links page
  copyright © 2005 by limco products international.
  all rights to this philippine recipe site reserved worldwide.





