







dana love - tech executive, ai architect, blockchain economist

















dana love





home aboutservicesawards projects
contact













dana love
named “one of the big names in big data” by wired magazine, acclaimed as “a guru of transformation in big data” by oracle's profit magazine, and called “a mathematical genius designing complex technologies” by richmond’s style weekly, dana love has a more than 30-year career driving growth, consolidation, innovation, and business transformation as an executive-level revenue leader, technologist, and marketer. 



















bio
a creative and dynamic leader recognized for his ability to motivate employees to take pride in their efforts, do their best work, and grow as a team.

learn more








awards
a senior executive with a proven record of revenue success (twice in inc500, five times in inc5000) at premier businesses and start-up ventures.

learn more








services
an innovative founder and team leader who embraces the challenge of building from the ground up, and who defines effectively executes strategy.

learn more














share this page!




























some of dana's achievements



dana love has demonstrated the ability to mentor and coach national and global sales teams to strong growth. his teams have exceeded quota in each of the last ten years, he has six years where annual growth was greater than 100%, and businesses he has run have been on the inc500 twice and the inc5000 five times! dana is also well regarded as an executive who turns around underperforming teams. from his work in machine learning and ai as both president of infolob, where he launched infolob's big data and machine leanring practices (now a more than $50 million practice area for the company!) and cto of blockstar, where he pioneered the development of ai agents on a blockchain-based network, to his work as prosodie interactive's executive vice president of sales and marketing, where he blended the service offerings of five rolled up ivr businesses and delivered the largest contract in company history, to his effort at publicly traded adc telecommunications, where his work launched his division to the top performing group in adc, dana is known to reliably produce results. 
















“dana is a fabulous client to work with. he is extremely imaginative and innovative and always on the cutting edge when it comes to his ideas and executions. he has been an excellent partner throughout the various projects we have worked on together and is always open to new ideas and creative ways to get things accomplished. he consistently brings his intellect and creative genius to the table with great levels of passion and dedication. we feel lucky every time we have the opportunity to partner with him.”

courtney mortimer
director of sales and marketing, the grove creative


“working and building with dana has been a pleasure i hope more people get to experience. while he usually is the most experienced person in the room, this does not stop him from making sure every one's voice is heard. this quality makes him an outstanding leader.futhermore, his welcoming nature encourages creativity, critical thinking and collaboration from his team. his technical experience and credientials is obviously impressive, but his ability to think outside the box and welcome new ideas is even more impressive to me.”

karim al ansari
head of product at lifetoken software


“dana love is the person that you want to work for and work with every day. if opportunity to work with him again lined up, i would jump at that chance. dana knows how to push you to get better and without you knowing it, he also gets you to push yourself. he has the presence of mind to allow his team members to try new things and explore different solutions when objections, problems, or obstacles are encountered. although he already knows what needs to be done and what will work best, to him, gaining experience of working through to a solution is part of learning how to avoid those same issues the next time. truly looking out for what is best for the company he will do what he needs to do in order to keep everyone on track until the finish lined is crossed with a win, and then dana will undoubtedly already be thinking and planning for the next finish line so he can get another win.”

adam griffen
sales director at hatch early learning


“dana love is one of the truly extraordinary people that i have had the pleasure of working with in my career. he is that rare individual that combines remarkable intelligence with a genuine curiosity about the ideas and perspectives of others, which he will consider without prejudice. this informs his generally creative approach to finding solutions and his “out of the box” thinking about what is possible and achievable.as illustrated by the success that he has had at every stage of his career, he delights in applying his considerable intellect and talents to a challenge, and his refreshingly clear thinking and “big picture” view of what is important and meaningful inspires the people around him.”

john rapp
regional director, cloud & managed services at core bts, inc.


“dana was a terrific mentor and coach as i built hatch's lead generation team. within 8 hours of joining the company, dana was spending time with me and my team, coaching on techniques to improve conversation and listening to our ideas to expand the teams reach. he shepherded the lead generation team into hatch's inside sales process, refined key performance indicators that helped identify areas of strength and areas of improvement, and built a culture of shared success. he took a real interest in my personal development, helped me to hit and surpass every goal placed in front of me and my team for two years straight.”

lance widener
sales manager at hatch early learning


“dana is one of those rare personalities who leaves a lasting positive impression on the people he touches. he combines exceptional business acumen and strategic insight with a keen sense for what makes people tick. dana sets very high standards for the quality of his work and expects the same from those around him.
                            on the two projects where we brought in dana's firm, we benefited from his analytical nature and his technical savvy. dana is a dynamo as a relationship manager.”

erin morris
principal consultant at csc


“dana distinguishes himself from other highly effective, senior-level consulting executives along a couple of key dimensions. first, he expertly applies consultative selling and relationship marketing in equal measure. serving as an information concierge and as a conduit for the analysis and resolution of business problems, dana helped us devise innovative solutions, and, in turn, to achieve impressive results.”

samantha calvert
senior vice president at biogen idic


“dana is a process-oriented leader with a great capacity for mentoring. he led client interaction on five large crm projects over nearly five years where i served as technical lead, and i watched him manage technical pre- and post-sales issues, coach his sales team on closing, deal with client management, and mentor the delivery team.”

rachel mcnamara
technology consultant at brightdawn


“dana has been an incredible coach and mentor to me over the past three years. his leadership style is collegial and inviting, and he always takes the time to explain his reasoning to me, which is the perfect coaching style for me. i have seen dana source and pace in hundreds of meetings and close tens of millions of dollars in business, then roll up his sleeves and work to exceed the promises he makes to win business. i can't speak highly enough of my experience with dana.”

raul azim
president at brightdawn


“dana is extremely knowledgable and consistently has his finger on the pulse of the industry; he understands where viable business opportunities exist and how to strategically position his organization to gain new customers while retaining existing customers. dana provides what is required in order to exceed expectations of his customers and would be a valuable asset to any organization.”

brian st. andre
management consultant at booz allen hamilton


“while president at astyra, dana assisted techead in navigating the intricacies of a large contract transition with the commonwealth of virginia. he was always pleasant to work with, and quick to respond with information and feedback. engaging and energetic, i highly recommend working with him.”

philese conein
founder and ceo at techead


“dana conceptualized, designed and implemented a highly scalable unified messaging service designed for consumers. dana's leadership inspired outstanding coordination between several divisions of gte and a multitude of consulting partners to create a truly innovative service. he posesses a rare ability to lead others by combining visionary thinking and clear, direct, no-nonsense communication.”

michael aarons
networking systems engineer at cisco systems


“dana is a leader who revitalized the division. he is equally adept in business, technology, and motivational leadership. dana championed a fresh product direction that provided a path to new revenue and a next-generation platform. he added discipline and organization to all the departments, establishing clear responsibilities in a tight-working team, and inspired all to excel.”

tom beres
agile coach at appian corporation


“dana is a true visionary in the field of enhanced communications services, contributing to the creation of some of the most innovative and marketable services deployed by top carriers worldwide. not only is he a genius at architecting great products, he also posses a knack for seeing things through customer's eyes - a trait that made him a legend with the sales team.”

joe mancini
vice president, business development at alliancetek












follow dana

  










contact dana
















contact us











dana love is an american business executive who is the chief technology officer at a stealth ai and blockchain startup. a native new englander, dana currently resides with his wife and their four children in tempe, arizona.the photos on the website come from the marblehead and swampscott, massachusetts area where dana grew up and from the phoenix, arizona area where dana now lives. 
            



external links


dana love - about.me
dana love - linkedin
dana love - medium
dana love - crunchbase
dana love - topio




links


dana love, phoenix az, main page
biographical information about dana love
consulting services dana love provides
press and news about dana and his work
projects on which dana love has worked













copyright (c) 1998 - 2024 danalove.com.
















