



page - lake powell guide - the official lake powell guide





























 












the official guide
                for lake powell

















 






  lake info





  maps





  lodging





  houseboats & marine





  real estate





  dining





  services





  hiking





  contact us






  fishing

  weather

  lake level

  recreation

  tours

 relocation

  books & videos

  antelope canyon








 
                

































 








  
search page - lake powell






the
                              grand circle




grand canyon -
                              bryce canyon -
                              monument valley
                              - zion


sparkling, clear,
                blue water laps against towering, sheer, red-rock canyon walls
                and sandy beaches. power boats and wave runners zip
                about while
                
                houseboats slowly wend their way deep into side canyons.




the second largest
                man-made lake in the united states is the playground for
                
                page, arizona, and nearly three million visitors annually.
lake powell is 186
                miles long and has 1,960 miles of shoreline, which is longer
                than the entire west coast of the continental united states.
                there are 96 major canyons to explore though you'll need a water
                craft for the majority of them since access is limited because
                there are few roads.
boats and pwc's can
                be rented from businesses in page and at each of four marinas
                with tour boat cruises—from one hour up to seven hours—offered
                year round at
                
                wahweap and
                
                bull frog marinas.
                
                dangling rope marina is only accessible by boat and is 3/4
                of the distance from wahweap marina to
                
                rainbow bridge national monument.
other lake
                activities include swimming,
                
                fishing, scuba diving, snorkeling, water skiing, hiking and
                sightseeing. photographic opportunities abound. you can even
                take a scenic flight by plane or helicopter over the lake, which
                provides a bird's eye view of how far some those 96 canyons
                extend from the main channel.




 click for lake
                    powell magazine !


around early june,
                the lake's waters begin to warm and stay that way well into
                october with a clarity unrivaled in other fresh water lakes.
                while the
                
                climate is arid and humidity is generally less than 40
                percent, lake powell is classified as a "high desert" area due
                to it's 3,700 ft. elevation. water temperatures cool
                significantly in the winter then rise into the high 70's in the
                summer. when it does snow at lake powell, the contrast of the
                white against red-rock cliffs and azure blue waters makes for
                beautiful photographs and memories.


                glen canyon nation recreation area, established by congress
                in 1972, is the home of lake powell. the area is comprised of
                1.25 million acres with the lake occupying only 13%, or 161,390
                acres, of the total area, which leaves a lot to be explored by
                four-wheel drive or on foot.
once you travel by
                boat a few miles from any of the marinas you'll find yourself in
                another world with a skyline unmarred by signs of civilization.
lake powell is named
                for civil war veteran major john wesley powell, who explored the
                green and colorado rivers in 1869 down through grand canyon. in
                august, 1869, powell and his eight companions passed through the
                site of present day
                
                glen canyon dam. extending nearly one-third of a mile across
                from canyon rim to rim, the dam created the reservoir known as
                lake powell.
the lake, which lies
                partly in arizona and mostly in utah, is more than 500 feet deep
                in places. while utah has the lion's share of powell's crystal
                clear water, arizona lays claim to the most important part—the
                dam. it took 17 years, from march 13, 1963 to june 22, 1980, to
                fill to the planned level of 3,700 feet above sea level.
                
                lake levels fluctuate depending on the spring runoff from
                the mountains and the releases needed to produce electricity
                from the dam's eight generators.
lake powell's
                tributaries include the
                
                escalante and
                
                san juan rivers. both are popular fishing areas. types of
                fish found in the lake are striped bass, large and smallmouth
                bass, crappie, catfish and carp.
you could spend the
                next 30 years exploring lake powell and still not experience all
                it offers. so start now!






















  home - site map - lake info -  maps -  lodging -  houseboats & marine -  real estate - dining -  services -  hiking -  fishing -  weather -  lake level -  recreation -  tours -  relocation -  books -  antelope canyon -  contact us
  copyright © 1998-2015   adventure publications
 






