







front | nashvillemusiccitycenter.com





















jump to navigation







 






 
online ordering
calendar
maps & parking
contact
  



nashvillemusiccitycenter.com










 planners



    plan on it being easy  



join us in music city to make your next event an unforgettable experience! from incredible live music to eclectic southern cuisine, nashville has something to offer everyone and the music city center is in the center of it all.
learn more





floor plansserviceswayfinding app


    resources  

request for proposal 

event planning guide 

sample sales contract 

make a deposit or invoice payment 

newsroom 








 exhibitors



    make it happen in music city  



no need to stress about your next event - the music city center has been designed from the ground up to meet your specific needs. with 350,000 square feet of exhibit hall space, our facility has the technology and equipment to ensure that your needs are met.
learn more





floor plansserviceswayfinding app


    resources  

online ordering 








 visitors



    immerse yourself in music city  



there has never been a better time to come visit music city. named "one of the top destinatons for 2016" by forbes travel guide, nashville is booming and the music city center is the new pulse of it all. known for its trendy new restaurants and its eclectic music scene, nashville has become a popular destination for many.
learn more





floor plansserviceswalking mapwayfinding app


    nashville information  

entertainment  

hotels  

restaurants  








 about



    about the music city center  



the music city center is nashville's convention center located in the heart of downtown. the 2.1 million square foot facility opened in 2013 and was built so that nashville could host large, city-wide conventions in the downtown area.
learn more





historysustainabilitynewsart collectionmeet the staffbusiness opportunitiescareersconvention center authority


    resources  

schedule a tour 

request a speaker 

become a vendor 








online orderingcalendardirectionscontact 
 






 
 








creating noteworthy experiences
book an event





 

 

 

 

 


health & safety guidelines


learn more 

  


















food & beverage
 




sustainability
 




nashville
 

 



featured news





music city center celebrates 10 years



music city center celebrates 10 years






anniversary marked by year-long celebration





friday, may 19, 2023



 
 







thousands of brewers from across the country in nashville



thousands of brewers from across the country in nashville






wtvf newschannel 5





tuesday, may 9, 2023



 
 







downtown nashville tourism tax collections are way up. so is competition with rival cities.



downtown nashville tourism tax collections are way up. so is competition with rival cities.






the tennessean





thursday, october 6, 2022



 
 






view all news 
 

upcoming events




feb 16-19 
vive conference 


feb 25
leadership nashville stakeholder celebration 


feb 25
the joseph school luminary award luncheon 


feb 26-28 
national association of independent schools 2025 annual conference 


feb 27
equal opportunity day luncheon 


mar 2-4 
tractor supply company 


mar 10-12 
american trucking association - tmc 

 view all events



 
explore music city center



 

 

 

 

 

 

 


see more photos 

  
 

 



 
directions
contact
business opportunities
 
 




































 
 sign up for our newsletter

email address *








 
 



music city center201 rep. john lewis way southnashville, tn 37203615.401.1400



 


the music city center is an ada compliant facility. mcc welcomes guests with disabilities and their assistive animals. should you have any questions or concerns please contact the music city center ada coordinator at 615-401-1400.
copyright nashville music city center
site by net tango

 
 


