






alabama poultry & egg association / serving alabama's poultry interests through education, communication, research and public affairs involvement.















































home

about apea

membership

scholarships

news & events

poultry education

event registration

magazine



 













good for you. great for alabama.























serving alabama’s #1 agricultural industry
welcome to the alabama poultry and egg association.
we strive to assist you with our one goal — to produce the safest, best-quality poultry and chicken products possible.
learn more about us
become a member today
request information / contact us





























our mission
the mission of the alabama poultry and egg association is to serve the common interest of the alabama poultry industry through education, communication, research and public affairs involvement.










poultry producers
poultry producers are the backbone of alabama’s poultry industry. nearly 2,400 poultry producers spanning over 49 counties producer 22 million broiler chickens on a weekly basis ranking alabama second in the nation of broiler production. there are four table-egg producers in alabama, with approximately 1.2 million birds.








poultry processing
alabama has 18 processing plants and 17 further processing plants throughout the state contributing toward the $15 billion economic impact of the state’s poultry industry. alabama’s poultry industry employs over 86,000 and generates more than 65% of the state’s agricultural commodity sales, annually.








poultry education
poultry education is top priority for apea, company supervisory and producers. apea partners with auburn university and national poultry technology center for continuing research and learning opportunities. apea also host yearly workshops for company personnel and growers to attend.








poultry policy
alabama’s poultry industry speaks for itself, but apea ensures political leaders are aware of the importance of the poultry industry within the state. we work with other agricultural associations and government agencies to develop strategies about bills that affect the industry.









poultry news & events
stay in touch with industry news, upcoming events, and government programs.







economic contribution totals support ag, forestry as a top alabama industry

feb 11, 2025 | news




past president and hall of fame member gerald bailey passed away saturday, january 4

jan 7, 2025 | news




poultry growers offered special discount to attend ippe 2025

jan 3, 2025 | news







 


















serving alabama’s #1 agricultural industry



followfollowfollow

phone: (334) 265-2732p.o. box 240montgomery, al 36101



©2024 all rights reserved.alabama poultry and egg association



 





























