



        welcome to vileda | home page























































about us
sustainability
hygiene
clean with us
support
love it clean



browse by topic


menu

sustainabilityhygieneclean with ussupportlove it clean















































welcome to the world of vileda!



welcome to the world of vileda!

for over 70 years we have helped millions of homes to sparkle – all over the world. if you need more information about vileda in your own local language, or if you want to shop our fantastic products -find your local website version here:




















australia
austria | österreich


belgium | belgië | belgique
canada


croatia | hrvatska
czech republic | česká republika


denmark | danmark
finland | suomi


france
germany | deutschland


greece | ελλάδα
hongkong | 香港


hungary | magyarország
italy | italia


mexico | méxico
middle east & africa


netherlands | nederland
poland | polska


portugal
serbia | србија


slovakia | slovensko
slovenia | slovenija


spain | españa
sweden | sverige


switzerland | schweiz | suisse | svizzera
turkey | türkiye


united kingdom
united states




















remove bacteria & viruses from your floors
see how to


















it feels great to feel at home!


















love itclean
 
see our initiative here






















                                        service



faqcontact us





                                        about vileda



brandaboutus





                                        partner



























copyright 2025 freudenberg home and cleaning solutions gmbh.


imprint
data privacy
disclaimer
cookie settings
compliance
















you are about to leave this page to another domain!





are you sure you want to leave?


                        no
                    

                        yes
                    









share via social media






                    this is the body text from the share modal
                


























we use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website experience. this includes cookies which are necessary for the operation of the website and to manage our corporate commercial objectives, as well as other cookies which are used solely for anonymous statistical purposes, for more comfortable website settings, or for the display of personalised content. you are free to decide which categories you would like to permit. please note that depending on the settings you choose, the full functionality of the website may no longer be available. here you can find further information about cookies and privacy policy.





necessary


                                        these cookies are necessary to run the core functionalities of this website, e.g. security related functions. with these cookies we can also detect if you want to stay logged into your profile to provide you with fast access to our services after revisiting our website.




statistics


                                        in order to continuously improve our website, we anonymously track data for statistical and analytical purposes. with these cookies we can , for example, track the number of visits or the impact of specific pages of our web presence and therefore optimize our content.




                                confirm selection

                                    reject all

                                accept all cookies











you are about to leave this page to another domain!





are you sure you want to leave?


                        no
                    

                        yes
                    


























