






massachusetts humane society inc. – dedicated to the humane treatment of all animals


























 



 






















menu
home
about mhs/ mission
available animals

available  dogs
available cats
young/adult and senior small animals/rabbits/guinea pigs and more


adopted happy paws
sapphire’s fund
bessy’s place
contact us
dedication & tributes

in dedication
tribute / people
tribute / pets


forms & information

mhs applications
spay / neuter days
newsletters
links / resources


events & fundraisers

fundraisers/events/videos


we need your help

ways to help
shelter real estate
volunteer / foster
wish list


thank you/sponsors
 
 
















781-335-1300 p.o. box 850177 braintree, ma 02185-0177





home

please donate






join our email list — keep in touch with us!
*send us an email to masshumane@aol.com and join our list.

just put in the subject line :  join list






massachusetts humane society animal organization was established on june 4, 2004 and now we celebrate 20 years of rescuing, helping and caring for animals in need; that are strays and homeless, mistreated, and neglected.
we have been an active advocate for all animal protection rights, animal welfare and mother earth and her environment for many years.  in the state of ma and other states and countries.
with your support and help, we hope to proceed towards more years ahead, for all the animals!

 thank you to all !! 






click for more info

massachusetts humane society inc.
cfc code: 70726






“coyote watch” and coexisting (with your domestic animals)
if you think your dog or cat is safe from coyotes behind a chain link fence… guess what!



tips: when your walking your dog and or out in the back yard and spot a coyote, carry and keep a “umbrella” on you. the best umbrella is the “automatic push button” to open up the umbrella at a faster speed but if you do not have one and can not get a hold of one the manual umbrella is good .. the sound of the umbrella opening and a larger object presented should scare the coyote away and make noise by yelling loud very loud at the same time. (plus at that point and time – its you and your dog (s) to defend!) ( plus you can carry pepper spray- not all believe in doing that but for the last resort it could help – however make sure you know how to use pepper spray so you do not get it in your eyes and your dog’s eyes)



a “flash light” with fast lighting, “ongoing flashes seconds” could off set the coyote when you direct the “ongoing flash fast lighting” into the coyotes eyes that could throw the coyote off before the attack or during!! that would throw the coyote off in what he is trying to see and concentrate on, due to the fast lighting flash in his or her eyes.





coyote watch is an ongoing watch! around your home, yard, neighborhood parks, fields or walking down the street. (truly keep domesticated pet cats indoors) coyote’s habitat is being depleted more and more in many many towns, once was a “den” is now a house, building, strip mall etc… most likely there is a stream of water, river, lake, pond, wetlands very close by you and once was a den is no longer. coyotes young, old or in between need resources; water, food- small rodents and will kill domestic pets as small dogs, cats and sometimes bigger dogs and deer.

coyotes camouflage themselves very well, and move real quick (a blink of an eye) plus they are opportunist either as a loner or in a pack. what is so important to remember is coyotes mating season is “january or february.” the female bears one litter of three to nine puppies a year, usually in april or may when food is abundant. the gestation period is from 63 to 65 days. ( january, february, march, april and may are important months to remember) to mention that every month is really important when it comes to coyotes that is why “coyote watch is ongoing.”

massachusetts humane society animal organization lived side by side with our neighbors “coyotes” for 10 years when we had an animal shelter in weymouth ma. coyotes would walk and bypass us, as to say “that 10 foot fence with barb/razor wire “i don’t think so”, plus they could not get under the fence either. (the fence was there more for human intruders/trespassers)  coyotes look for “easy/quick as possible” and are opportunist when they hunt for food. however we were always caution and supervised our dogs when they were out in the yard. we never had an incident with any coyote (but never say never). we would see and hear coyotes, the parents and the pups growing up. we heard coyotes hunt when they brought food home to the den, the high pitch howling of communication of excitement and success.  (there were lots of rodents around the area for coyotes)
so please take the 10 minutes or more to educate yourself about coyotes; most likely they are around somewhere. take the time to mark your calendars at home … about coyotes mating in january & february and bearing pups in april and may = hunting for food of all kinds! so you are aware of your surroundings with your dogs, cats. when you walk your dog in certain wooded area or more isolated areas, keep your dog with the leash close to your side as you walk. below are links for you to educate yourself and your family to be more aware of the behavioral, lifestyle and what to do if you have coyotes and the impact of the loss of habitat in your town that affects tremendously our neighbors, the coyotes. it is heartbreaking when your pets become the prey. (make it a family affair to educate about coyotes in a non-lethal way)
thank you, for all animals!


https://www.desertusa.com/animals/coyote.html
http://www.pestproducts.com/coyote.htm

https://www.nationalgeographic.com/animals/mammals/c/coyote/

http://www.arkive.org/coyote/canis-latrans/video-00.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igdhic3wc-o&feature=youtu.be
http://www.coyotesmarts.org/




















about mhs/ mission



hello! my name is joanne g. mainiero, president of massachusetts humane society.

i bring over 20 years of animal rescue / adoption experience, employment history of animal medical care - icu/emergency care. i have had past experience volunteering at a wildlif...
read more













volunteer / foster




mhs is looking for cat/kitten foster care homes in the south shore area 
we are looking for serious cat/kitten foster care homes. if you can help as a foster care parent while mhs looks for a loving, caring, kind and responsible homes for the cats/kitten...
read more













mhs applications




 you can fill out any of the forms listed below and email to: masshumane@aol.com you can also download, print and send any of these forms by us mail. if you have any questions please contact mhs - by email: masshumane@aol.com or phone...
read more













contact us



massachusetts humane society inc.
animal organization
p.o. box 850177
braintree, ma 02185-0177
masshumane@aol.com

mhs fill form

please fill the form out  below and we will get back to you as quickly as possible.

thank you!
telephone:  781-335-130...
read more









				 maintained by holistic tech 

				copyright © 2025 
				
				massachusetts humane society, inc. 501(c)(3) non-profit © 2014-2018 - all rights reserved				





top

















