






department of electrical, computer and biomedical engineering – college of engineering











































skip to content





search



searchbox






university of rhode island


you

future students
students
faculty
staff
parents and families
alumni
community















			department of electrical, computer and biomedical engineering		

college of engineering







college of engineeringdepartment of electrical, computer and biomedical engineering

home
academics
people
research
contact








advance technology to improve lives
the uri department of electrical, computer, and biomedical engineering offers a dynamic, multidisciplinary environment. our programs develop expertise in electrical engineering (power systems, electronics, renewable energy, robotics), computer engineering (hardware, software, ai, cybersecurity, high-performance computing), and biomedical engineering (medical devices, biosensors, wearable technology), preparing students for technological innovation. our faculty conduct pioneering research in fields such as ai, robotics, cyber-physical systems security, integrated circuit design, power electronics,  wearable biosensing, brain-computer interfaces, and neural robotics. students gain hands-on experience in state-of-the-art labs.
our department has a rich history of innovation, having established the first nsf robotics research center and introduced the nation’s first microprocessor courses. we continue to lead the way by integrating ai and ml into our curriculum. students will take rigorous capstone projects with industrial advisors and benefit from our unique programs, such as the international engineering program, accelerated b.s./m.s. program, and minors in robotics, cybersecurity, and entrepreneurship.

academicswe offer 3 accredited bachelor’s degrees, each with a 5-year b.s. to m.s. option, along with m.s., ph.d. and certificate programs.see all programs
peopleour faculty are innovators and global scholars in their fields who will give you top-tier instruction and personalized attention.meet the faculty
researchfocus areas include artificial intelligence, robotics, wearable biosensing, cyber security, power electronics, and more.explore topics

recent news
 biomedical engineering professor awarded nsf grant to study parkinson’s using virtual reality - university of rhode island biomedical engineering associate professor yalda shahriari has been awarded a three-year grant from the national science foundation to research hallucinations related to parkinson’s disease using vr. biomedical researchers head international team exploring wearable technology to help stroke survivors - the three-year project backed by a $500k grant from national science foundation. office of naval research awards $4.7m for cyber-physical security and resilience -  four university of rhode island engineering professors have been awarded a $4.7 million grant from the office of naval research to advance the security and resilience of ai-enabled power grids, promote workforce development, and secure manufacturing environments.
see all news

upcoming events









connectapplytourgive 






university

leadership
diversity and inclusion
global
campuses
safety




campus life

housing
dining
athletics and recreation
health and wellness
events




academics

undergraduate
graduate
advising
libraries
internships








facebookinstagramxyoutube 




work at uri
public records
web accessibility

copyright © 2025 university of rhode island | university of rhode island, kingston, ri 02881, usa | 1.401.874.1000
uri is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of affirmative action.



















