     new cadillac & used car dealer renton wa | brotherton cadillac                                                                          brotherton cadillac              sales 425-336-1089    service 425-358-4346  parts 425-336-1089      215 sw 12th strenton, wa 98057                                service        map        contact                          brotherton cadillac                    call 425-336-1089   directions                 new   new vehicles   2025 cadillac escalade iq   2025 optiq   lyriq dare to compare     pre-owned   service & parts   request an appointment   service coupons   cadillac service   cadillac accessories   order parts online   order parts   parts warranty   accessories   tire basics   parts warranty   order parts online   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   specials   service specials   special offers     finance   apply for financing   value your trade   finance department   payment calculator     about us   contact us   meet our staff   welcome to brotherton cadilac   hours & directions   customer reviews   leave us a google review   community involvement   we're hiring   hablamos espanol   our dealership   visit our brotherton buick gmc site   visit our brotherton automotive site     test drive lyriq                    new   new vehicles   2025 cadillac escalade iq   2025 optiq   lyriq dare to compare     pre-owned   service & parts   request an appointment   service coupons   cadillac service   cadillac accessories   order parts online   order parts   parts warranty   accessories   tire basics   parts warranty   order parts online   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   specials   service specials   special offers     finance   apply for financing   value your trade   finance department   payment calculator     about us   contact us   meet our staff   welcome to brotherton cadilac   hours & directions   customer reviews   leave us a google review   community involvement   we're hiring   hablamos espanol   our dealership   visit our brotherton buick gmc site   visit our brotherton automotive site     test drive lyriq             


               important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                              


inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        




financing






specials






service






trade



         explore the cadillac lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       ct4      ct5      xt4      xt5      xt6      escalade      escalade iq      lyriq      optiq      v-series    explore all new inventory   



financing a new cadillac
once you choose the new cadillac for sale that you want, our finance center is here to help you with the next steps. our expert team is ready to work with you and help you secure the auto loan that is right for you.
we start by getting to know more about your needs and gathering your options to present to you. our experts work with a network of local lenders on your behalf and can help you with any questions you have along the way.
you can also use our online resources to help in this process. the online payment calculator can help you prepare for monthly payments. you can get pre-approved for an auto loan by filling out the online finance application.
finance application


our cadillac service center
we are also here to help you keep your new cadillac on the road where it belongs. our service center can provide the advanced technology and equipment to allow our team of technicians to properly complete anything your ride needs.
we can handle routine oil changes, inspections, and tire rotations as required. we can also address any repairs to your vehicle’s brakes, engine, and transmission. our parts department can also supply the genuine parts your ride needs to function smoothly for years to come.
schedule your next service appointment online or by calling us today.
service center

     



2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory








2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory




      
       

take the next step
look forward to a powerful yet comfortable drive every time you sit behind the wheel.








schedule test drive







certified pre-owned








v-series luxury
join an elite class of passionate, performance-minded enthusiasts, and claim your piece of more than 70 years of legendary cadillac racing heritage.
explore v-series inventory






model spotlight: what makes the lyriq such an exciting ev?
the next-generation cadillac lyriq pays tribute to the brand's most iconic sedans. the lyric's body gives it a modern look, and its cabin is very luxurious, with a slick digital display and infotainment center in the middle of the dashboard.

 its driving range is competitive with its rivals at an estimated 308 miles per charge, and all lyriqs come standard with dc fast-charging ability to make the most of ev charging stations. it's also fast, accelerates great, and comes in at a very competitive price. if you're looking for a luxury ev, you can't do any better than the cadillac lyriq.

search lyriq inventory
how can we help?







     



welcome to brotherton cadillac

if you are looking for a place to go to get the luxury ride you have always wanted, we can help you here at brotherton cadillac. our cadillac dealer can provide everything you need to have the car-buying experience that you desire. we invite you to get to know more about our dealership and to explore everything that we have to offer. continue reading below to learn more.

more about us







sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 6:00pm    
visit us


215 sw 12th st, renton, wa 98057


hours & directions






     

find your cadillac
explore all inventory

     

brotherton cadillac in renton, wa - your seattle and bellevue gm vehicle source
commitment to providing excellent customer service is the main pillar on which brotherton cadillac’s ethics are built. our renton dealership is your premier source for parts, services, tires, accessories, and new and used vehicles. we are your one-stop shop for every vehicle need that you may have. bellevue, seattle, and nearby customers, visit our cadillac auto showroom for additional information. looking for financing? no problem. brotherton cadillac near bellevue and seattle also have a financing department, waiting to make owning your dream vehicle a reality. so, wait no more. drop by our renton, wa cadillac store to learn more about our services. we are glad to serve you. we look forward to serving our seattle cadillac customers soon.



service and part center serving tacoma and renton cadillac customers
brotherton cadillac is a renton full-service gm dealership with an extensive parts and service department for all your vehicle needs. we treat the requirements of each individual customer with paramount concern. we know that you have high expectations, and as a premier dealer, we enjoy the challenge of meeting and exceeding those standards each and every time. seattle and bellevue cadillac drivers can reach out to us at +1 (425) 358-4346 for any further information.
a bellevue and seattle, wa new & used cadillac auto provider in renton
don't hesitate to call or email brotherton cadillac if you are searching for new or certified used vehicles in renton or near seattle. our exceptionally capable and friendly staff is game to help you with anything, from sales-related inquiries to financing options. our pre-owned cadillac vehicles go through different quality checks before they are made available for purchase. at brotherton cadillac, we believe the customer is king, and customer satisfaction is our main goal. we will make sure that we satisfy your expectations and let you leave with a happy face.
financing options on cadillac vehicles in renton, wa
looking for clear explanations when choosing a financing or leasing option through the dealer? brotherton cadillac near bellevue in renton is the place for you. we have well-versed financing experts to give our customers some of the best car-financing and leasing rates in renton for cadillac vehicles. we offer a competitive financing program to help you get the vehicle you love. please fill out the online financing application form and get started. give us a chance to serve you and see what premium customer service feels like. bellevue and nearby customers looking for cadillac vehicle, you can end your search here! brotherton cadillac awaits you!


where can i find a cadillac dealership?
here at brotherton cadillac, we are here to help you get behind the wheel of the luxury vehicle you have always wanted. our team is standing by and ready to assist you throughout this process.


contact us today to learn more about what our dealership has to offer or schedule a test drive to get a closer look at the new cadillac you want.
explore our new cadillac inventory
the first step of your journey to a new ride is exploring our inventory to discover the new cadillac that you can get. our dealership proudly offers many new cadillac models for sale to provide you with the options you deserve.

 you can explore models such as the cadillac ct4, cadillac ct5, cadillac escalade, and cadillac xt5. each cadillac model can provide you with the quality performance that you deserve and offers innovative technology and safety to help you be more informed, entertained, and protected wherever you go.

 you can learn more about the cadillac vehicles we have for sale by reading our online reviews or browsing our detailed listings. schedule a test drive if you see a ride that interests you, and get behind the wheel before you buy.


    






inventory







new inventory


used inventory


special offers


schedule test drive








services







apply for financing


extended warranty


schedule service


order parts








more info







dealership info


contact us


meet our staff


careers






follow us


                      



                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | brotherton cadillac | 215 sw 12th st, renton, wa 98057 | sales: 425-336-1089              
















                    