













nnpa | black press of america





















































									trending:								



first-ever fred shuttlesworth day observed in birmingha...


rho chi omega chapter awarded for its community service...


meet pauline bray fletcher, camp founder, first black r...
































 













 






welcome
about nnpa

current members
become a member of nnpa
nnpa fund
nnpa partners
black press usa
media releases


advertise with us
nnpa events
news from our publishers
contact
nnpa newswire
 






select page



  















2025 black press daymarch 13, 2025
on behalf of the nnpa fund, please save the date for “black press day” on march 13, 2025! 
this spiritually uplifting day will include the enshrinement of nnpa publishers into the black press archives and gallery of distinguished publishers at howard university and dr. chavis’ state of the black press message after the nnpaf luncheon. 
if you have any questions after reading the information, please contact the nnpaf executive director, kelly hodges, at 832-865-4722 or email her at executivedirector@nnpafund.org. 
more info











l

the black press of america is more relevant than ever
nnpa is a trade association of the more than 200 african american-owned community newspapers from around the united states. since its founding 75 years ago, nnpa has consistently been the voice of the black community.






l

credo of the black press
the black press believes that america can best lead the world away from racial and national antagonisms when it accords to every person, regardless of race, color or creed, full human and legal rights. hating no person, the black press strives to help every person in the firm belief that all are hurt as long as anyone is held back.








become a member of nnpa
the national newspaper publishers association (nnpa) is committed to providing its members with valuable information, opportunities, and services. we recognize that communication amongst our publishers is a key tool to improving the industry.










advertise with our member publishers.
we assist our advertisers with the planning & implementation of any marketing campaign targeting our readership and the african american community. utilizing nnpa media services is an efficient and effective way to reach a diversified target audience with customized advertising packages.











nnpa media services is the gateway to nearly 230 regional and local newspapers with more than 22+ million readers per week.
the buying power of the african american community is $1.3 trillion, according to nielsen media research and nnpa research services.



national aggregation of nnpa african american (aa) readers

african american
median age: 25-35 years
% married: 40%
median income: $35,500.00 to $45,000.00
total 2024 audience: 22+ million per week




americans from all backgrounds seek news from the black perspective
as the largest and most influential black-owned media resource in america, nnpa delivers news, information, and commentary to over 22 million people each week. 







followers by social platform:






facebook




twitter




instagram



 





designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress


welcome
advertise with us
contact
privacy policy
 



















 



 


























