







goodwin heart pine & heart cypress wood









































































































  


















0shopping cartshop now
request a quote
get started

wood collections
wood walls and ceilings
factory finishes
architectural millwork


resources

what is heart pine?
understanding sinker cypress
frequently asked questions
solid vs engineered
how to install, finish, maintain
brochures, catalogues & installation guides
continuing education units
video gallery


why goodwin?

history of goodwin woods
the goodwin difference


portfolio

what professionals have to say
testimonials from customers
affiliations and notable clients


about us

our team
awards & national recognition


news
search




menu


menu

 






river recoveredⓡ heart cypress selectdid you know? wood stores carbon, another way it cleans the air.
river recoveredⓡ heart pine curlydid you know? 500 square feet of wood in your home equals the air-cleaning quality of one large tree.
old florida longleaf heart pinedid you know? goodwin’s wood, solid or engineered, unfinished or factory finished, is certified leed 4.1 and carb compliant.
wild black cherrydid you know? goodwin’s ‘precision engineered’ floor has a backer that is fsc certified and has very low vocs.
old florida longleaf heart pinedid you know? goodwin’s ‘precision engineered’ floor has a wear layer equivalent to our solid wood.
river recoveredⓡ heart pine selectdid you know? 99% of engineered wood floors sold today cannot be sanded and refinished.
previousnext
new online shopclick here to see the options and pricing available.


get started


what are my choices?welcome homeowners!
wood flooring optionsflooring professionals
resources


the goodwin company is the building design industry’s trusted resource for fine river recovered® and building reclaimed antique wood since 1976. we offer solid wood flooring, precision engineered flooring, stair parts, and millwork made from river recoveredⓡ and building reclaimed heart pine & heart cypress wood. goodwin heart pine has gained national recognition by providing the wood used for the national wood flooring association’s floor of the year for many years.
our award-winning wood is available in a few sources, species, and design styles. such as the “legacy™ heart pine collection”, the “river recoveredⓡ heart pine collection”, the “river recoveredⓡ heart cypress collection”, and the “sustainable collection”. you can use our wood selector tool to learn more and find the perfect wood to fit your needs.



antique long leaf blue sap
$4.95
 select options

antique long leaf pine
$9.14 – $9.99
 select options

heart pine midnight
$15.87 – $17.07
 select options

legacy heart pine character
$9.21
 select options

legacy heart pine vertical
$30.37
 select options

legacy™ character naily heart pine
$15.84
 select options

old florida knotty heart pine
$8.73 – $11.35
 select options

river-recovered® heart pine character
$10.18 – $13.31
 select options

river-recoveredⓡ heart cypress character
$6.58 – $13.31
 select options
previousnext123



the river-recovered® specialists

our story
your partner in perfection

goodwin difference
solid vs. engineered

wood facts



read what our customers are saying….

 “it just gives the whole room a very soft elegant feel.” 
francine chidgeygainesville, fl  “from the first contact we found ourselves treated like friends rather than customers. as mary told you, we are proud to show our beautiful floors to our admiring guest. we think of george and his company as friends.” 
robert and maryc ryalsmcleran house b&b, wellborn, fl  “the heart cypress on the front of my entry way vanity is some of the prettiest wood in the world.” 
russ morashboston, ma

more reviews
   

follow us on social media

toll-free:  800-336-3118

phone:  352-466-0339

contact us to schedule an appointment to visit our showroom.

106 sw 109th place (map)
micanopy, fl 32667-3441
wood flooring selector tool 











send us a quick message below
or request a quote
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phonemessagesign up for our mailing listyesnosend 






scroll to top



 







800-336-3118 




























































