


sustainable flooring solutions specialist in europe - tarkett emea


   
        international website
           
    contact us
   
        professional
       
        for your home
               
        advanced search
              
    products
    
      explore our flooring categories
     
            resilient flooring
           
              heterogeneous vinyl
            
              homogeneous vinyl
            
              modular vinyl
            
              residential vinyl
            
              linoleum flooring
            
              non-pvc
            
            hard flooring
           
              wood
            
              laminate
            
            carpet flooring
           
              carpet tiles
            
              carpet rolls
            
              woven carpets
            
              printed carpets
            
            specific solutions
           
              aquasens - wetroom system
            
              safety floors
            
              static control
            
              acoustic floors
            
              wallcoverings
            
              indoor sports
            
              circular selection
            
              transportation
            
              stairs solution
            
            accessories
           
              welding rods
            
              skirtings
            
              underlayers
            
              installation
            
              finishing
            
              wetroom
            
              sports
            
              all accessories
             
    documents
    
      see all tarkett documents
       
    see all documents
     
            legal
           
              declaration of performance
            
              fire certificate
            
              certificate
            
              lrv certificate
            
              safety datasheet
            
            commercial
           
              acoustic certificate
            
              tender datasheet
            
              brochure
            
              sample card
            
              cover
            
            technical
           
              datasheet
            
              warranty
            
              installation
            
              maintenance
            
            sustainability
           
              green building card
            
              material health statement
            
              environmental product declaration
            
              environment certificate
            
              recycled content certificate
            
              cradle-to-cradle certificate
            
              indoor air quality certificate
             
      need a particular document?
      
      visit our document centre to find legal, commercial, technical documentation or visuals.

      
    search our document centre
     
    segments
    
    health & aged care
  
    education
  
    stores & shops
  
    hospitality, travel & leisure
  
    home
  
    workplace
  
    sports & wellness
  
    transportation
  
    industry and life science
   
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   hospitals and healthcare facilities require special flooring needs. explore our healthcare flooring solutions designed with patients and care staff in mind.   
    receptions & common areas
     
    61 collections
    
    corridors
     
    49 collections
    
    cleanrooms & operating theatres
     
    14 collections
    
    imaging areas
     
    17 collections
    
    patient rooms
     
    34 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   comfortable, clean and long-lasting floors contribute to better learning at all ages. explore flooring solutions that are designed for educational facilities.   
    receptions & common areas
     
    47 collections
    
    corridors
     
    49 collections
    
    classrooms
     
    42 collections
    
    canteens & cafeterias
     
    20 collections
    
    restrooms & toilets
     
    6 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   we know how important it is for a retail business to stand out. explore floors that enhance the customer experience and contribute to a strong brand image.   
    small boutiques
     
    19 collections
    
    food areas & supermarkets
     
    10 collections
    
    storage areas
     
    17 collections
    
    offices
     
    39 collections
    
    restrooms & toilets
     
    14 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   floors contribute to a memorable guest experience for leisure or business travelers. explore floors that can provide a touch of world-class design and comfort.   
    luxury bedrooms
     
    24 collections
    
    bedrooms
     
    56 collections
    
    receptions & lobbies
     
    51 collections
    
    corridors
     
    58 collections
    
    restaurants & bars
     
    46 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   the right choice of flooring can transform a house into a home. bring your interior design to life and explore our large selection of floor colors and textures.   
    bedrooms
     
    53 collections
    
    living rooms
     
    47 collections
    
    kitchens
     
    34 collections
    
    bathrooms
     
    26 collections
    
    home offices
     
    48 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   the definition of the modern workplace is changing. explore our broad portfolio of flooring solutions that are adapted to new ways of working and collaborating.   
    open spaces
     
    76 collections
    
    private offices
     
    79 collections
    
    corridors
     
    78 collections
    
    receptions & common areas
     
    67 collections
    
    staircases
     
    17 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   sporting events, wellness centres and gyms offer a healthy outlet for people of all ages. explore floors that provide safety, comfort and athletic performance.   
    sports halls
     
    16 collections
    
    fitness areas
     
    20 collections
    
    corridors
     
    21 collections
    
    restrooms & toilets
     
    8 collections
    
    receptions & common areas
     
    20 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   it is key for the transportation industry to use products that meet the most stringent market requirements. explore our dedicated standard and customisable solutions that are especially engineered to meet these requirements.   
    bus & coach
     
    5 collections
    
    rail
     
    2 collections
    
    marine
     
    11 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    discover flooring solutions tailored to your industry
   floors for industry and life science to create productive and clean spaces.   
    server rooms
     
    4 collections
    
    laboratories
     
    12 collections
    
    production areas
     
    3 collections
    
    cleanrooms
     
    12 collections
    
    good manufacturing practice
     
    9 collections
     
    see all areas
    
    inspiration & services
    
      inspiration & services
       
    inspiration
   
    references & case studies
  
    play
  
    atelier tarkett
  
    customisation
   
    customisation services
  
    cutting service for vinyl rolls
  
    floorcraft sonic-cutting customisation service
  
    online flooring designer
  
    more inspiration on
   
    instagram
  
    pinterest
  
    facebook
  
    linkedin
  
    support
   
    help centre
  
    room visualisers
  
    ncs+ partnership: unleash colour potential
   
      green building certification
      
      buildings are the largest energy consuming sector in the world. accounting for over one-third of total final energy consumption, they are an equally important source of carbon dioxide (co2) emissions.
      
    read more
     
    carbon calculator
   
    calculate your project’s footprint and find out how you can reduce it with recycling.
    
    calculate
    
    sustainability
    
      conscious choices. for people and planet.
      when it comes to people and the planet, we don’t consider one without the other. we commit every day to the design of great spaces. for us, this means exceeding indoor air quality standards, instituting healthy material norms, reducing our carbon footprint and creating a circular economy supported by cradle to cradle® principles. doing better, for people and planet.   
    our approach
      
    climate and circular economy
      
    good materials
      
    indoor air quality
     
      sustainable stories
      
      the world is facing increasingly complex sustainability challenges. overcoming them is no longer an important ambition, it’s an urgent imperative. at tarkett, we’re committed to a sustainable, circular economy that creates value for everyone, closing the loop on waste, preserving natural resources and reducing our impact on climate change.
      
    read more
     
    green building certification
   
    buildings are the largest energy consuming sector in the world. accounting for over one-third of total final energy consumption, they are an equally important source of carbon dioxide (co2) emissions.
    
    read more
    
    about tarkett
    
      about
       
    tarkett group
   
    discover tarkett
  
    our commitments
  
    our stories
   
    latest news
  
    references & case studies
  
    our sustainable stories
   
      sustainable stories
      
      the world is facing increasingly complex sustainability challenges. overcoming them is no longer an important ambition, it’s an urgent imperative. at tarkett, we’re committed to a sustainable, circular economy that creates value for everyone, closing the loop on waste, preserving natural resources and reducing our impact on climate change. 

      
    read more
       
         - 
                
          menu
                                    
            id comfort acoustic: quick to install, built for comfort
            
    find the perfect flooring for collective housing
             
            discover aquasens, a new vision of wetrooms
            
    learn more
             
            discover how the evolution of desso ecobase incorporates a bio-based ingredient
            
    learn more
             
            rediscover iq optima, the high traffic versatile historic homogeneous vinyl floor
            
    learn more here
             
            discover the renewed excellence floors and walls vinyl ranges​
            
    learn more here
             
            explore the fascinating world of colour and materials
            
    learn more about ncs x tarkett
          
    tarkett floors for commercial spaces
   tarkett is a world leader in innovative commercial flooring and sports surface solutions that meet design and functional requirements in multiple market segments: healthcare, aged care, education, stores and shops, hospitality and leisure, the workplace and sports segments. tarkett offers an extensive range of commercial flooring products including vinyl rolls, luxury vinyl tiles, mineral tiles, linoleum, carpet, wood and laminate. committed to making a positive impact on people and the planet, tarkett is present in more than 100 countries, creating people friendly living spaces worldwide that combine well-being, health, performance and design. 
  
    featured articles
     
      id tilt: strong and graceful
      
    id tilt flooring thrives in heavy traffic areas with durability in mind. with a variety of designs, this interlocking flooring answers your need for modularity within retail environments.
    
    read more
     
      taxonomy? we are ready to get your projects aligned
      
    are you one of the companies required to disclose their compliance with the eu taxonomy’s criteria, or are you developing a sustainable building project?
    
    read more
     
      restart®: our customers say it best!
      
    take-back and recycling scheme in action… listen to our customers who achieved cost savings, saved carbon emissions and gained competitive advantage through restart®.
    
    read more
     
      tarkett's collaboration with baux
      
    discover tarkett's new collaboration with baux acoustics. here, these two companies unite in a harmonised colour palette for healthier indoor spaces, where floor and walls play well together. 
    
    read more
     
      uncover the untold story of circularity
      
    read more
      
    our latest references
     
      helle mardahl's studio
     
    copenhagen,
    
    denmark
   
    tarkett’s sustainable lino loose-lay has contributed to the creation of helle mardahl’s flagship store in copenhagen, which now serves as an immersive environment where art and design interact.
    
    read more
     
      children's clinical university hospital. emergency medical centre and an ambulatory health centre
     
    riga,
    
    latvia
   
    the new emergency centre at the children’s clinical university hospital in riga uses tarkett iq surface floors to create a hygienic and welcoming environment.
    
    read more
     
      milano city pop
     
    milan,
    
    italy
   
    discover how glue-down lvt from tarkett’s id inspiration 55 collection has helped build a new development of fully furnished apartments in milan. 
    
    read more
     
      carefos  
     
    nijmegen ,
    
    netherlands
   
    learn how tarkett has transformed an office space into an inspiring and future-proof working environment with sustainable flooring.
    
    read more
     
    services
    search documents      launch visualiser             please select more than one product to use the compare tool     
        compare tool
         
    continue navigation
         your comparator is full     
        compare tool
       
      do you want to replace the first product you added by the one you selected?
      
    replace
      
    edit products in comparator
       
    email documents (0)
      
    
    compare tool (0)
        
      customer service
     contact us help center   
        connect with tarkett
          
            follow us on instagram!
           
            go to our pinterest page!
           
            become fan on facebook
            
            follow us on youtube
            
            follow us on linkedin!
             
    tarkett sites
   
    you're on the professional website
    
    go to the flooring for your home website
     
    change your country
   
      corporate
    
      terms of use
    
      privacy policy
    
      cookies policy
     
    © tarkett 2025
                         
    cancel
      
    validate
          
        you have been redirected to your home website
         
    ok
         



