





children's disabilities information






children's disabilities information
empowering parents of children with special needs.
articles * resources * encouragement * for over 20 years




about
books
assistance
parenting 
advocacy
disabilities






children's disabilities information
essential articles and resources for parents of children with disabilities and special needs. hundreds of articles, over 20 years of online support from and for professionals and parents.

advocacy
advocating for your child with special needs
parentingexpert advice and a look into the lives of special needs families
disabilitiesarticles and resources for specific disabilities
assistancesupportive people and services


new articles
tuperman meet superman -  successful speech therapy
  a young child with autism makes amazing progress in her speech therapy, in this true story.(margaret gonzalez)
how to raise a child with different neurological wiringencouragement for parents of children with autism, adhd, learning difference, sensory integration disorder and other neurological issues from deborah reber, the famous author of differently wired.
raising resilient kids
    mark bertin, md, pediatrician and author of how children thrive, explains how parents can increase resilience in their children.
resources
recommended booksoriginal reviews to help you choose the best disability resource.
author interviewsexclusive interviews with authors you read. found only on this site!
list of groupsa vast directory of disability support forums.



for more than twenty years, the purpose of the childrens' disabilities site is 

to show what life is like with a special needs child and
to provide expert information and support for families who deal with this every day.

it is a cooperative approach of parents and professionals.
personally, my life changed forever when my son was born extremely premature (weighing only one pound) in 1988.
                after his earlier struggles to survive, our family began the subsequent
                struggle of raising a child with multiple special needs, most of which
                are not obvious or well understood. as you know this is no easy task!
since that time all three of my children and myself have been diagnosed with some form of special need. over the past twenty years, as i investigated resources for each, i expanded the website. along the way i have been deeply committed to providing online support. this website was created to help other parents of children with special
                needs, like yourself, with articles on topics that i have found to be
                helpful. some of these articles have really made an impact for me and many others, and i hope they do for you as well.if you find this website useful, please share with others or link to the site - childrensdisabilities.info.
site sponsors

www.cprcertificationcourses.com provides cpr certification for all working professionals.
a better mefor products to support you and your children in your quest for a calmer, more relaxed self.




disabilities:
adhd/add
adoption
allergies
autism
cerebral palsy
feeding
learning
ocd/anxiety
prematurity
sensory
speech
vision
assistance
money
therapy animals
travel
shops & services

advocacy
get help your child needs
parenting
raising your child
book reviews
author interviews



 disabilities | advocacy | parenting  | assistance | book reviews | about

children's disabilities information : www.childrensdisabilities.info © copyright allison martin


