











coastalguide.com - coastal carolina photo tours and travel information















favorites
























outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





ocracoke fishing guide





crystal coast fishing guide





shackleford banks wild horses





top 10 crystal coast attractions





scenic spots in morehead city





top 10 attractions in morehead city





top 10 things to do in new bern





new bern museums





top 10 new bern attractions





top 10 things to do in wilmington, nc





top 10 attractions in wilmington, nc





wrightsville beach guide
















albemarle, nc area
our coverage of the albemarle, nc area includes elizabeth city, edenton, hertford, columbia, and the outer banks







elizabeth city, nc
elizabeth city, located in the northeastern corner of the state and part of the newly famed "inner banks," has developed a reputation as an up-and-comer on the north carolina tourism scene. with a growing cultural and arts center that features museums, theaters, a conference center, and a world of other amenities, eastern north carolina visitors are taking a second look at this otherwise small town, and are being pleasantly surprised by all the amenities and attractions that this coastal community has to offer.









hertford, nc
traditional southern hospitality and small-town living is carefully preserved in quiet and undiscovered hertfort, north carolina. this prototypical small town has a world of amenities and attractions just waiting to be discovered by curious newcomers who venture off the main highway, including numerous historic sites, a charming downtown, and miles of riverfront water views.







columbia, nc
the small town of columbia, located approximately 45 miles west of the outer banks, is a rising star along the central north carolina coastline. an anchor of the informally named "inner banks" region, this small community of less than 1,000 residents is slowly becoming a destination all its own, even landing a feature article in north carolina's renowned our state magazine. the sudden growing interest is due to a number of features, not the least of which are breathtaking scenery, incredible wildlife, and a host of attractions, both old and new, that are ripe for exploring.









pamlico, nc area
the pamlico area of north carolina includes the small and rural towns of washington, bath, belhaven, oriental and havelock, as well as the city of new bern.







bath, nc
small and sleepy, visitors won't find too much action or excitement in bath, but the incredible waterfront views, historical homes that are carefully preserved, and an all-around southern charm has made this small town a popular destination with weekend vacationers who want to enjoy the genuine peace and quiet. for a relaxing day trip or a quiet escape, discover north carolina's oldest town - a community that, despite its wild history, remains relatively unchanged population-wise from its original incorporation over 300 years ago.









washington, nc
the town of washington is rapidly becoming one of the highlights of north carolina's inner banks due to its small town charm, incredible location along the pamlico river, and eclectic blend of boutiques, restaurants, and attractions. this small community of just under 10,000 residents has a maritime culture all its own, with dozens of colorful crab statues lining the downtown streets, hundreds of boats, big and small, lining the waterfront, and miles of open tar and pamlico river views, extending in virtually every direction. quaint and quiet, but with enough activity to keep anyone entertained, washington is an ideal long weekend retreat for visitors who want to experience the heart and unique culture of coastal eastern north carolina.







new bern, nc
the small inner banks city of new bern has gained popularity among north carolina visitors over the years, and for good reason. the picturesque town with outstanding trent and neuse river views in virtually all directions boasts a thriving downtown, a state-of-the-art convention center, and enough historical attractions and homes to fill up a week's worth of walking tours. chock full of southern hospitality, a surprisingly famous legacy, and a world of arts and culture, a getaway to the town of new bern allows visitors to get a taste of coastal north carolina heritage while exploring the inner banks at its very best.









havelock, nc
while the small town of havelock is often overshadowed by its crystal coast neighbors, the city is nonetheless a prime waterfront retreat for eastern north carolina visitors who want to experience the real everyday life of the inner banks. home to the renowned marine corps air station at cherry point, the expansive and wild pine cliff recreational area, and a small handful of shops and restaurants that shine a light on the local culture, havelock is a fun day trip for nature lovers, military buffs, and anyone who wants an inside glimpse into the real, hardworking coastal carolina.







cape fear, nc area
welcome to a north carolina region where the antebellum south meets modern art, and local southern hospitality mixes with movie stars. wilmington is one of the most unique towns along the carolina coastline, as it combines all the attributes of an engaging southern town into one distinctive and altogether exceptional community. artists, actors, professional beach bums, tourists, and college students all congregate in wilmington, and the end result is an incredible destination that has something for everyone.









bald head island, nc
bald head island, a roughly 5 square mile southern north carolina barrier island that extends into the atlantic ocean, may be a small and secluded island destination, but it makes up for its size with a world of exclusive and elite vacation style.







oak island, nc
visitors will find an easy-to-get-to beach paradise at oak island, an expansive but peaceful retreat that's located an easy drive away from southport, wilmington, and other inland north carolina communities. both the main town and the island itself share the name of "oak island," and while the town extends slightly inland, encompassing the cape fear regional jetport, the rest of the community is cut off from the world by the long elizabeth river, and a network of salty creeks and canals. this watery gap may not be particularly wide, but visitors will feel the change as soon as they cross over the bridge. once ashore, oak island is a picturesque landscape of charming vacation rental homes, cool seafood restaurants and shops, and miles of ocean shoreline.









ocean isle beach, nc
accommodating and altogether fun, ocean isle beach is a favorite family-friendly destination for vacationers from all over the east coast. well stocked with fantastic beaches, challenging area golf courses, great fishing, local attractions, acclaimed restaurants, and virtually every amenity a beach lover could ask for, this barrier island community clearly has it all. with the added bonus of an easy-to-get-to location just over the intracoastal waterway, visitors will find plenty to love about this exemplary north carolina beach town.







sunset beach, nc
sunset beach is a unique little north carolina coastal destination that encompasses both mainland and barrier island terrain, and is located just a seashell's throw from the south carolina border. despite its proximity to larger destinations like wilmington, nc to the north and myrtle beach, sc to the south, the community has never lost its small town charm, and its decidedly beachy atmosphere, making it an ideal destination for laid back vacationers who want to soak up the salt, the sun, and the endless ocean views.









morehead city, nc
the morehead city waterfront and downtown area go together hand in hand, in fact, with a number of marinas and docking spaces available for travelers who are arriving by boat. several marinas, including the morehead city yacht basin, the portside marina, and the spooners creek marina, call this section of the inner banks home, and the town of morehead city even has its own public docking facilities, newly completed, with deep water slips that are close to arendell street, one of the major streets that runs along morehead city in the heart of the downtown region.







beaufort, nc
the coastal town of beaufort has quickly become one of the most popular vacation destinations for inner banks travelers and boating enthusiasts of all varieties, and for good reason. the small 2.7 mile town, (surrounded by nearly a mile of water), is a vacationer and maritime lover's dream, with a hearty downtown scene lined with shops, galleries, and acclaimed restaurants, in addition to dozens of maritime supply stores.









emerald isle, nc
the long barrier island that borders central north carolina is known by a wide range of nicknames, including the "crystal coast," "bogue banks," and "emerald isle." this last moniker, which is probably most of the most frequent terms for the stretch of coastline from atlantic beach to the western edge of the island, just happens to share its name with the island's westernmost town, emerald isle.







pine knoll shores, nc
the oceanside community of pine knoll shores is a shining example of the crystal coast beach scene. filled with charming vacation rentals, natural preserves, an acclaimed country club, and little else to draw attention away from the postcard perfect beaches, pine knoll shores is a perfect beach lover's retreat. located in between the western beaches of emerald isle and bustling atlantic beach, this beach town is just a five minute drive away from the atlantic beach causeway, (the bridge which connects the mainland with the bogue banks), and yet feels miles away from everyday mainland life.









low country, sc area
the coastal "low country" area of south carolina includes myrtle beach, pawley's island, georgetown, mt. pleasant, charleston, isle of palms, sullivan's island, beaufort and hilton head island.







myrtle beach, sc
myrtle beach visitors certainly never have to worry about finding things to do. this southern vacation paradise has been hailed as one of the biggest vacation destinations on the eastern seaboard, and the collection of beachside towns that make up the "grand strand," specifically myrtle beach, north myrtle beach, murrells inlet, surfside beach, and garden city, welcome millions of visitors every year for the white sand beaches and the overwhelming atmosphere of endless fun.









georgetown, sc
like many of coastal south carolina's smaller cities, georgetown has a big personality and an eclectic character all its own, which initially allures visitors, and then entices them to stay for the authentic southern charm and a uniquely modern southern style. known for centuries as one of the nation's leaders in industrial pursuits and business, today georgetown still serves as a manufacturing hub with a world of attractions and activities waiting for visitors to discover on and off the water.







charleston, sc
south carolina's oldest city is arguably also one of its most charming, inviting, and altogether purely fun. a collection of historic structures that pre-date the birth of america, opulent gardens and mansions open to the public, and some of the best shopping, dining, and lodging options in the southeast, it's easy to see why this ancient southern town is one of the most popular tourism destinations in the state.









sullivan's island, sc
sullivan's island is arguably a south carolina beach lover's paradise. with a laid-back atmosphere and little development, the town is a mecca for busy charleston urbanites, part-time resident retirees and vacationing families from all over the east coast. though just 3.3 square miles in area, with little commercialization besides a handful of galleries and restaurants, this small barrier island nonetheless has a big reputation as one of the best family-friendly destinations along the carolina coastline, and thousands of visitors or part-time residents flock to the area every year for a refreshing day trip, or a much needed weeklong break from the daily grind.







beaufort, sc
beaufort is, at its heart, a small southern town with a big population, that's chock-full of historical sites, a thriving arts scene, and plentiful attractions, which are readily available for curious newcomers to explore. smaller than its' northern south carolina neighbor charleston, beaufort nonetheless has a far-reaching reputation as one of the most historically relevant and undeniably charming towns along the eastern coastline.










wilmington, nc kayaking guide


with easy proximity to masonboro island and the outlying beaches, the cape fear river, and miles of creeks and bodies of water in between, kayaking is a dream in the port city. wilmington is home to a wide range of kayaking clubs, equipment providers, and miles and miles of trails, which means that any outing can turn into a kayaking adventure in no time. explore the various guided tours and clubs available, or find a boat ramp and / or launching site and embark on your own adventure. no matter what kind of excursion you crave, wilmington always sets the stage for an exceptional paddling adventure.








camping near morehead city


from the rustic barrier islands that are located offshore, to the mainland parks that resemble full scale resorts, there’s no shortage of options when it comes to camping in the morehead city region. best of all, because this coastal town is wonderfully close to local beaches, national forests or national refuges, hopping coastal towns, and everything in between, it’s easy to craft the camping adventure of a lifetime with a trip to this central crystal coast region.










rainy day activities in beaufort, nc


even a town as sunny as beaufort can be subjected to the occasional rainy day, but visitors will soon discover that a dreary afternoon is no reason to forego the fun in this small town destination that’s overflowing with on-site and neighboring activities. from cool and educational classes to some of the best eateries in eastern nc, beaufort is designed for entertainment inside and out. so if a rainy day happens to coincide with your upcoming beaufort vacation, use it as an excuse to discover these fascinating and engaging activities that can be effortlessly enjoyed, rain or shine.








ocracoke wild horses


seasoned visitors to ocracoke island love to soak in its rich heritage and culture which dates back to the 1500s, and features some legendary and longstanding residents. some of the most popular ocracoke locals are the wild ponies, which are protected in a secluded 180 acre area enclosure on the soundside of the cape hatteras national seashore, but can still be enjoyed by anyone passing through the island on nc highway 12.










crystal coast vacation rentals


visitors who are heading to the crystal coast will find a scattering of hotels and motels throughout the shoreline and inland communities, but will soon discover that the primary type of accommodations available are vacation rentals. located all along the crystal coast beaches from atlantic beach to the town of emerald isle, a vacation rental is the generally preferred accommodations option for vacationers thanks to ample space, exceptional locales close to the water, and plenty of homes and condos to choose from.








wilmington, nc campgrounds and rv parks


the camping scene in the greater wilmington area is just as diverse and inviting as the city itself. from incredible all-inclusive campgrounds that has all the amenities of a world-class resort, to smaller and rustic destinations on the edge of a riverfront landscape, every taste can be accounted for in this expensive destination.










scenic spots in wilmington, nc


from antebellum mansions that steal the scene, to stunning waterfront vistas that can be admired from the downtown streets, wilmington is a city that is brimming with beauty in every direction. on your next wilmington vacation, pack along your camera, and be sure and plan an outing to these iconic landmarks, parks, and attractions where the views are breathtaking, and the local landscape is simply unforgettable.








havelock, nc


while the small town of havelock is often overshadowed by its crystal coast neighbors, the city is nonetheless a prime waterfront retreat for eastern north carolina visitors who want to experience the real everyday life of the inner banks. home to the renowned marine corps air station at cherry point, the expansive and wild pine cliff recreational area, and a small handful of shops and restaurants that shine a light on the local culture, havelock is a fun day trip for nature lovers, military buffs, and anyone who wants an inside glimpse into the real, hardworking coastal carolina.










blackbeard the pirate


ocracoke's long history has some interesting highlights, but none of the local legends and legacies are as far-reaching or as popular as the island's local pirates. as the temporary home to a crew of notorious buccaneers, including blackbeard himself, ocracoke is the destination of choice for pirate lovers who want to explore the stomping grounds of the island's most notorious residents.








williamston, martin county


let nature's gifts lift your spirit in martin county. cast your line for striped bass in the roanoke river. watch horses with precision and grace compete at the sen. bob martin eastern agricultural center. camp on unique platforms in the tributaries and swamps of the roanoke river canoe trail. birdwatch in the roanoke river national wildlife refuge. learn about our heritage and culture at fort branch, a confederate civil war site, or st. james place museum, a restored circa 1910 primitive baptist church. tour the asa biggs house, which is listed on the national register of historic places. nature's calling you in martin county.










activities for kids


hatteras island is well known as the naturally family-friendly destination on the outer banks, and for good reason. the sprawling collection of museums, shops, and miles of outdoor terrain makes this barrier island a kids' paradise.








shelling near morehead city, nc


one of the best attributes of morehead city for many longtime vacationers is that this central crystal coast town is close to everything the southern outer banks has to offer. and when it comes to beachcombing, this means that shell seekers will be a quick drive or water taxi away from some of the most promising and coveted beaches along the north carolina coastline.










outer banks milepost system


many newcomers to the outer banks who are browsing the local restaurants, shops and area attractions online or in the local guide books notice an interesting addition to the standard address. besides the typical business name, street name, street number and town, many local businesses also include a milepost number. this may initially appear to be an odd notation to include, but on the outer banks, this is incredibly helpful to new visitors on the lookout for a specific restaurant or shop.








activities for kids


kill devil hills is ideal for kids, thanks to a collection of on and off-the-beach activities, and a central locale that makes a trip to neighboring outer banks attractions a breeze. take a break from the sandcastle building, and discover these sites, attractions and activities that are sure to keep little hands busy










activities for kids in morehead city


there’s a lot for kids to see and explore in morehead city, which is known as the center of - or gateway to - the crystal coast region. from hands-on museums to an eclectic collection of shops and eateries, the area’s youngest visitors can expect to enjoy miles of fun in every direction when morehead city serves as a central launching point for a kid-friendly adventure.








event homes


in the past few years, the outer banks has become a popular destination for large families and groups who are planning a beach wedding, a corporate retreat, or just a casual family reunion. this turn of recent events is due in no small part to the crop of sprawling vacation rental homes that have popped up throughout the coastline providing gorgeous accommodations, ample meeting or gathering spaces, and fantastic access to the nearby beaches and attractions.










surf fishing guide


when it comes to surf fishing, it’s hard to beat the coastline of north carolina. well known for hundreds of miles of beaches where record-breaking catches are landed on a regular basis, the north carolina shoreline is arguably one of the top destinations for surf fishermen from all across the country. so if you are new to the n.c. coastline, or just want to brush up on your surf fishing insight, take a closer look at everything you need to know about casting from the coast, and get ready for plenty of opportunities to reel in the catch of a lifetime.








h.l. hunley


on february 17th 1864, the city of charleston, deep in the throes of the civil war, made history with a small 8 men crew that was stationed in a revolutionary new vessel in the charleston harbor. the h.l. hunley was an experimental new addition to the confederate's fleet of warships, but on that clear but chilly evening, it would land in military history books for generations to come as the first submarine to successfully take down another wartime vessel.










kill devil hills history


with the exception of local family stories and legends, kill devil hills' history is hard to trace prior to the wright brothers' historic first flight in 1903. in fact, even the origin of the town's fascinating name is not certain, and the many theories that surround the moniker involve pirates, shipwrecked buccaneers, and barrels of rum strong enough to "kill the devil."








kiteboarding


spring and fall visitors will notice the popularity of kiteboarding on the outer banks the moment they ride down a stretch of soundfront highway. in the off-season months, it's not unusual to spot dozens if not hundreds of multi-colored kites lining the skies over the outer banks' miles of sound waters.










oriental, nc


many locals attest that oriental is a "contagious destination," where vehicular travelers via the two lane us 55, or maritime travelers along the neuse river or pamlico sound, tend to stop by for a night or two, and end up sticking around for an extended, if not permanent, stay. a salty and friendly community that is relatively isolated from the rest of the central inner banks, this small town is big on community spirit, and possesses a natural love of all things nautical that is evident around every boat dock, every waterfront boardwalk, and every winding creek.








sailing the outer banks


vacationers will notice a handful of sailboats at every local outer banks port, either saddled up to the docks or breezing across the harbor, en route to the nearest sound for a cruise, or to the continent-spanning intracoastal waterway to continue a long coastal voyage. some vacationers are even in it for the long haul, docking for a summer or a winter season at a number of local marinas that offer all the comforts of home. clearly, sailing lovers of all varieties have plenty of options, but even newcomers to the sport can experiment with life on the water with a local sailing lesson, rental, or waterfront cruise.










back sound


the back sound is a popular playground for inshore fishermen, sightseers, and cruising vacationers alike, thanks to its locale that’s easily accessible from the crystal coast beach towns as well as the inland communities of harkers island and beaufort.








museums near wrightsville beach


because of wrightsville beach’s long legacy as a hot vacation destination, as well as its proximity to a collection of historically or environmentally significant sites, the community is close to a wealth of museums where furthering an area education is always a fun adventure. dedicate an afternoon or two to checking out these area museums for an opportunity to fully discover the cape fear region – from its early roots to its current status as one of the most unique corners of the carolinas.










top 10 things to do on the crystal coast


visitors who head to the crystal coast for the first time can be inundated and overwhelmed by the sheer amount of things to do, and can often wonder “where to start first?” from historical sites to miles of beaches, there’s no shortage of ways to have fun, and newcomers can expect to enjoy a vacation that’s stuffed with all manner of coastal activities.








educational activities


on the outer banks, it's easy to throw in a little education in with a vacation filled with fun, adventures, and new explorations.










fun facts about ocracoke


check out our list of fun facts about ocracoke, nc.








hatteras history


hatteras island has been occupied for more than 1,500 years, and as a result, the small barrier island is filled with historic sites, headline-grabbing events, and impressive archeological finds.










rainy day activities


no need for a rainy day to dampen the fun on ocracoke island. these rainy day activities will ensure that vacationers of all ages will have a blast without the beach.








things to do in kill devil hills


kill devil hills is arguably one of the busiest summertime towns in the outer banks, due to its wide collection of shops, restaurants, and off-the-beach entertainment options.










currituck sound


currituck county is effectively comprised of more water than land, thanks to the 30-mile long currituck sound.








bath, nc history


european settlement near the pamlico river in the 1690's led to the creation of bath, north carolina's first town, in 1705. the town's location seemed ideal with easy access to the river and the atlantic ocean 50 miles away--at ocracoke inlet.










activities for kids


there may not be any major amusement parks or shopping malls on ocracoke island, but kids seem to have no problem staying entertained. on your next ocracoke island vacation, be sure and visit these fun, educational and altogether engaging kid-friendly ocracoke activities and destinations.








biking the outer banks


outer banks vacationers may come for the gorgeous beaches, but often they come back again and again for the attractions and activities off the sand. because of the outer banks' mixture of natural landscapes and historical attractions, one of the best ways to truly explore this 150 mile stretch of north carolina shoreline is on bicycle.










crystal coast rainy day activities


no vacationer looks forward to a rainy day while trying to soak up the sun along the crystal coast, but the fact is that some of the region’s favorite and most treasured destinations are found off the sand, and a rainy day serves as the perfect excuse to get off the beach, and start exploring.








columbia, nc


the small town of columbia, located approximately 45 miles west of the outer banks, is a rising star along the central north carolina coastline. an anchor of the informally named "inner banks" region, this small community of less than 1,000 residents is slowly becoming a destination all its own, even landing a feature article in north carolina's renowned our state magazine. the sudden growing interest is due to a number of features, not the least of which are breathtaking scenery, incredible wildlife, and a host of attractions, both old and new, that are ripe for exploring.










nags head beach information


the following nags head rules, regulations, and general guidelines will ensure that visitors enjoy an effortlessly breezy day in this classic vacation town.








chesapeake and albemarle canal


travelers along us 158 will cross the famous chesapeake and albemarle canal en route to the outer banks. this historic waterway, which was conceived more than two centuries ago, continues to be a useful route for commercial and leisure mariners who are passing through currituck county.










surfing on the outer banks


forget hawaii and california - on the east coast, the best place for surf is on the outer banks, and this region is renowned as one of the best surfing destinations from new york to florida. surfers from all over the country and the world flock to the outer banks for the annual esa tournament, or just after a storm swell, to paddle out to the atlantic and enjoy some of the best waves on the coast.








hyde county, nc


this northeastern north carolina county - surrounded by the pamlico sound, the alligator and pungo rivers, home to north carolina's largest natural lake --lake mattamuskeet--, and bisected by the intracoastal waterway - is known as "the land of many waters". ocracoke island, once home to the pirate blackbeard and now a tourist mecca, is accessible only by air or water.










rainy day activities


the occasional summer squall can be the perfect excuse to explore the innumerable attractions, shops and restaurants that hatteras island has to offer. these hatteras island rainy day activities will keep everyone in your vacationing party entertained until the sun starts shining again.








things to do in hatteras


check out our list of things to do in hatteras, nc.










corolla


vacationers can stay in corolla for a night or more at a hotel or generally for a week or more at a vacation rental home or condo.








belhaven, nc


the little town of belhaven may be a blink-and-you'll-miss-it town, but eastern north carolina visitors who decide to take the long way home along us highway 264 will be rewarded with a visit to a picturesque waterfront town that is filled with historical and coastal charm. this small community of less than 2,000 residents has a prime location on the north shore of the pungo river, just eight miles away from the massive pamlico sound which separates north carolina's inner banks from its outer banks. as a result, visitors here will find exceptional fishing, incredible open water views, and a hardy, salty culture that is typical of north carolina's life on the water.










educational activities in morehead city


morehead city is surrounded by a centuries-deep maritime history, a wide array of unique coastal ecosystems, and a vibrant artistic culture, and as a result, it’s the perfect place to learn all about the crystal coast and beyond. from in-depth museums that are stocked with research materials to natural islands where the wild residents can be viewed up close and personal, every exploration seemingly contains a little education and a lot of fun in this wholly unique coastal town.








oriental history


what we now know as oriental was first settled about 1870 by louis b. midyette. he took shelter in the area's natural harbor on the neuse river and the mouth of smith creek when he was blown off course on his way to new bern.










fishing in hatteras, nc


hatteras island's first tourists were fishermen, and fishing along the 50 miles of shoreline has become an institution on the island that is still enjoyed today, in every season.








new bern fishing


because new bern is wonderfully close to two major rivers – the neuse and the trent rivers – the community is a paradise for anglers of all varieties, featuring ample access to saltwater species, brackish and / or freshwater species, and even great offshore species just 45 miles away or so, virtually every variety of fishing can be enjoyed in this region of coastal north carolina. from dropping a line off a local pier in one of new bern’s scenic public parks, to embarking on a full-day gulf stream adventure, the new bern fishing scene can be as relaxed or as ambitious as an angler wants – with plenty of great catches to go around.










crystal coast beaches guide


one of the biggest attractions for crystal coast visitors is naturally the beaches, and new vacationers will soon discover that there’s a lot of shoreline to go around. from the hopping summertime beaches in emerald isle and atlantic beach, to the more secluded cape lookout national seashore, enjoying the local beaches is a breeze in this corner of the southern outer banks.








emerald isle history


like many of north carolina's coastal islands, emerald isle was first home to indians; the algonquin indian tribe occupied the surrounding countryside from about 500 a.d. to colonial times. later, the area was settled by whalers and fishermen.










scenic spots in new bern


when it comes to stunning scenery, new bern is certainly hard to beat. straddling the neuse and trent rivers, this coastal community is renowned for its brilliant waterfront views in every direction, as well as its historic downtown scene where the waterfront is almost overshadowed by the variety of historical structures and sights. to make the most out of a scene-stealing vacation, make sure that you check out these top destinations for a waterfront sunset, a little birdwatching, or just a breath of fresh air with a stellar backdrop.








top 10 things to do in wilmington, nc


wilmington is a city that’s brimming with activity. from a vibrant arts and theater scene to a collection of acclaimed museums, there’s no shortage of things to do in this popular port town. so brighten your vacation by ensuring that the following things to do are a part of your wilmington agenda. with a world of entertainment, arts, history, and all-around fun waiting, it’s no wonder that wilmington is a vacation destination that visitors return to again and again.










downtown southport, nc


southport's downtown is a genuinely unique destination that combines all the charms of a laid-back coastal village with historic southern architecture and style. the end result is a collection of restaurants, museums, shops and services with a flair all their own, and a slow-as-molasses pace that invites visitors to pull up a rocking chair, take in a water view, and simply relax.








southport, nc history


the lower cape fear region was explored in the 1521 and again in 1526 by the spanish. they chose to move on, due to poor soil and lack of adequate fresh water supplies.










kill devil hills beach information


the town of kill devil hills has its own unique set of rules and regulations for accessing its public shoreline. visitors will want to keep the following rules and regulations in mind when visiting any public beach in kill devil hills.








outer banks boating guide


the outer banks is comprised of more water than land, as the fragile strips of terrain that make up these north carolina barrier islands are bordered on all sides by deep blue major bodies of water.










fishing in kill devil hills, nc


the outer banks began as a fisherman's paradise and continues its reputation today as one of the best fishing destinations on the east coast. in kill devil hills, anglers will find plenty of good catches on the beaches, from the pier, and even in the open albemarle sound waters, making the town a great, central locale to cast a line.








wrightsville beach history


with an on-site museum and a local population that has been enjoying the sun and fun for generations, wrightsville beach is unique in that it’s a coastal vacation destination that truly celebrates its history. originally home to one of the most iconic pavilions along the shoreline, and famed in visitors’ circles since the late 19th century, there’s more than meets the eye when it comes to wrightsville beach’s roots.










new bern history


throughout its more than three centuries of existence, new bern is a city that has seen tremendous highs and devastating lows. from its original stature as the capital of north carolina, to its rise to fame as the birthplace of pepsi, new bern has had more than its fair share of incredible events, which makes it a delightful destination for any visitor who appreciates american history. discover the stories that are hidden in plain sight throughout this coastal town, and see why when it comes to historical importance and local legacy, new bern is hard to beat.








hatteras fun facts


check out our list of hatteras facts.










top 10 crystal coast attractions


the crystal coast shoreline has no shortage of notable attractions. from famed wildlife reserves to top-rated museums, the centuries of history and maritime culture truly come to life in this incredible waterfront destination. visitors who want to make the most out of their vacation, and ensure that they see all the top sites that the crystal coast has to offer, will want to start their upcoming adventure by making sure these acclaimed destinations and attractions are at the top of their vacation bucket list.








oak island, nc vacation guide


visitors will find an easy-to-get-to beach paradise at oak island, an expansive but peaceful retreat that's located an easy drive away from wilmington, southport, and other inland north carolina communities. both the main town and the island itself share the name of "oak island," and while the town extends slightly inland, encompassing the cape fear regional jetport, the rest of the community is cut off from the world by the long elizabeth river, and a network of salty creeks and canals. this watery gap may not be particularly wide, but visitors will feel the change as soon as they cross over the bridge. once ashore, oak island is a picturesque landscape of charming vacation rental homes, cool seafood restaurants and shops, and miles of ocean shoreline.










things to do in currituck


currituck county features hundreds of miles of water, thanks to the 30-mile long currituck sound, as well as a handful of major reserves, parks and refuges, including the currituck banks reserve, the currituck wildlife refuge, and the mackay island national wildlife refuge. as a result, every visitor should be prepared to spend ample time enjoying currituck's endless great outdoors








new bern nc marinas, boat ramps, charters and tours


with a fantastic locale that borders the intersection of the trent and neuse rivers, new bern is a prime destination for mariners of all varieties. whether a visitor wants to explore the local waters for an afternoon, or an adventurer needs a place to rest for a couple nights during a long trek along the intracoastal waterway, new bern has everything a boating enthusiast could require to enjoy ample time on the water.










wrightsville beach guide


one of the largest attractions in wrightsville beach – both literally and figuratively – is the town’s miles of ocean-facing shoreline. and over the decades, the local beaches are the prime reason why millions of visitors have discovered, (and return to), this cool coastal community. with parking available throughout the town, seasonal lifeguarded beaches, and wide shorelines where splashing around is a breeze, it’s easy to see why people keep coming back to enjoy the local shorelines that have made this vacation destination famous throughout the generations.








rainy day activities in new bern


a rainy day is no reason to stop the fun in new bern. with a treasure trove of museums, unique downtown destinations, and plenty of kid-friendly activities, an overcast day never puts a damper on a new bern vacation. in need of a little inspiration? then check out these attractions and activities that are always worth a trip, rain or shine.










atlantic beach, nc vacation guide


atlantic beach, arguably one of the most visited beach towns along the crystal coast, is a longstanding favorite destination for coastal fun in the sun. a perfect little representation of the north carolina beach scene, this oceanfront town is an easy locale for a day-trip, a long weekend, of a full week's vacation, with loads of amenities, entertainment, and of course, those famous emerald isle beaches.








belhaven, nc history


originally named jack's neck, belhaven was once a bustling industrial town with a half-dozen lumber companies and a branch of the norfolk and southern railroad.










elizabeth ii


anyone with a fascination of history and america's european roots will love a day exploring the elizabeth ii, a historic 16th century sailing vessel that is docked along the borders of the roanoke island festival park. this ship can be admired by virtually anyone who takes a stroll along the downtown manteo waterfront, as it sticks out like a sore thumb amidst the modern day sail boats, yachts, and fishing boats that are docked nearby. the wooden exterior and brightly colored tudor flags sail in the breeze, and the sight of the resting ship certainly feels like a step back in time.








new bern camping and rv parks


whether a visitor craves a rustic environment that’s bordered by miles of croatan national forest, or a more holiday-infused atmosphere with plenty of amenities, new bern is the place to go. with a hopping downtown that’s filled with attractions, the campgrounds in the new bern area are close to dozens of sites and destinations, while serving as their own little “getaways” with extras like exceptional views, community pools, local beaches, and much more.










fun facts about kill devil hills


check out our list of fun facts about kill devil hills.








wilmington nc museums


with its collegiate prestige and unique roots that extend from the antebellum era to modern day hollywood, it should come as no surprise that the museums that are found in and around wilmington are as diverse as the vibrant cityscape itself. expand your knowledge on everything from military history to scaly and scary reptiles by paying a visit to these acclaimed museums that call the wilmington region home.










things to do in carova


despite the limited development, carova visitors who appreciate and adore the great outdoors will find plenty of ways to stay entertained.be sure and enjoy the following activities on your next carova vacation, and make the most out of your visit to the outer banks' most wild region.








history of morehead city


though not as old as some as its neighbors - like the adjacent and more than 300-year-old town of beaufort – morehead city nevertheless has a unique history that’s evident around every waterfront corner. envisioned by a governor, and eventually inhabited by residents fleeing a hurricane, the town of morehead city stands out for its deliberate creation, as well as its slow but steady rise to fame as a maritime-oriented vacation destination.












edenton, nc
the small town of edenton may very be one of the first inner banks destinations to rise to regional and even national fame as a stunning spot along coastal north carolina to enjoy a full, historic vacation, just a few short miles away from the atlantic ocean-facing beaches. the coastal community is a small town at heart with a deeply rich history and a big personality that is sure to charm anyone looking for a quiet but engaging weekend destination that's relatively close to home.







outer banks, nc
there's a reason why so many aspiring and professional photographers flock to the outer banks. ocean sunrises, sound sunsets, and miles of quiet wildlife in between create some breathtaking landscapes, ideal for photographers, painters, or plain-old vacationers who love an astounding view.







belhaven, nc
the little town of belhaven may be a blink-and-you'll-miss-it town, but eastern north carolina visitors who decide to take the long way home along us highway 264 will be rewarded with a visit to a picturesque waterfront town that is filled with historical and coastal charm. this small community of less than 2,000 residents has a prime location on the north shore of the pungo river, just eight miles away from the massive pamlico sound which separates north carolina's inner banks from its outer banks. as a result, visitors here will find exceptional fishing, incredible open water views, and a hardy, salty culture that is typical of north carolina's life on the water.







oriental, nc
many locals attest that oriental is a "contagious destination," where vehicular travelers via the two lane us 55, or maritime travelers along the neuse river or pamlico sound, tend to stop by for a night or two, and end up sticking around for an extended, if not permanent, stay. a salty and friendly community that is relatively isolated from the rest of the central inner banks, this small town is big on community spirit, and possesses a natural love of all things nautical that is evident around every boat dock, every waterfront boardwalk, and every winding creek.







southport, nc
southport has been hailed by north carolina locals and visitors alike as one of the most authentic and unique coastal communities along the shoreline, and it doesn't take long for newcomers to figure out why. the small, 2.2 square mile village is a stunning combination of historic residences, lush coastal landscaping, and miles of water in every direction, making it a both a quintessentially southern and maritime community with a distinct culture all its own.







holden beach, nc
holden beach is a gem of a vacation destination. accommodating a world of outdoor sports and interests, with crystal clear beaches that are uncrowded even during the busiest summer days, the island was recently ranked as one of the top family friendly beaches in the country. an ideal launching point for boating, kayaking, fishing, surfing, and any number of sandy and salty past times, holden beach is a nationally acclaimed barrier island that is a perfect escape for families who want to throw on the flip flops, spread out the beach towel, and enjoy the laid-back, coastal scene.







crystal coast, nc area
the beautiful crystal coast area includes morehead city, beaufort, atlantic beach, emerald isle, pine knoll shores, and swandboro, nc.







atlantic beach, nc
atlantic beach, arguably one of the most visited beach towns along the crystal coast, is a longstanding favorite destination for coastal fun in the sun. a perfect little representation of the north carolina beach scene, this oceanfront town is an easy locale for a day-trip, a long weekend, of a full week's vacation, with loads of amenities, entertainment, and of course, those famous emerald isle beaches. though atlantic beach is easily the busiest community along the emerald isle shoreline, it's also one of its most family-friendly, and newcomers will have no trouble finding a world of things to do both on and off the sand.







swansboro, nc
though not too many eastern nc visitors will encounter swansboro unless they are en route to the emerald isle shoreline, this small coastal town is most certainly worth a second look. one of the oldest towns along the crystal coast, and easily one of the most diverse, swansboro is a surprising paradise for any visitor who loves shopping, dining, kayaking, beaching, and ample waterfront views around virtually every city block. gradually growing a reputation as one of coastal carolina's best long weekend destinations, new visitors to emerald island or the crystal coast should definitely pull up anchor in historic swansboro for a day or two, and see for themselves what all the fuss is about.







pawley's island, sc
visitors who crave peace and quiet in a beach vacation will find isolated and scenic pawleys island a breath of fresh air. as one of the oldest resort areas along the eastern united states, this unimposing, quiet getaway still holds a well-earned reputation as one of the most scenic and relaxing parcels of shoreline along the south carolina grand strand.







isle of palms
when it comes to a well-deserved break from the everyday grind, charleston movers and shakers head to the isle of palms, a gorgeous 5.6 square mile barrier island that's just 12 miles away from the city, but feels miles away from the rest of the world. once on the island, (easily accessible via the isle of palms connecting bridge from the mainland town of mt. pleasant), life is a breath of fresh, salt air, as the island is purposely small with a modest handful of local inns, several hundred vacation rental homes, and miles of unpopulated atlantic ocean facing beaches.







hilton head island, sc
hilton head island is arguably one of the most popular beach towns along the southern carolina coast, with world class resorts and vacation rentals, gorgeous beaches, and plenty of entertainment available both on and off the beach. a regular on national "top ten vacation destination" lists, the island has an elite resort town feel that can easily cater to a wide range of tastes and interests.








educational activities


considering that the small town of beaufort is more than 300 years old, and the adjacent communities are famous as historic vacation destinations, port towns, pirate haunts, civil war battlefields, or all of the above, it’s no wonder that the crystal coast is brimming with educational activities.








wilmington, nc boating guide


wilmington originated as a port city, and its reputation as a haven for vessels of all sizes has lasted throughout the generations, making it one of the most popular boating destinations in southeastern north carolina. from unique cruises of the downtown area to extended treks along the intracoastal waterway, the sheer range of boating adventures will entice any mariner to drop anchor in this distinctive town. spend a day exploring the local waterways, or sign up for an area cruise, and discover why wilmington life is at its finest on the water.








blackbeard and other pirates


the southern outer banks, particularly ocracoke island, is notorious as the stomping grounds for some of history's most infamous pirates. notable swashbucklers from calico jack to anne bonney and mary reed, arguably the most famous women pirates, have made a splash in this area, robbing privateers blind and making intricate, sneaky escapes in the inlets and soundside waters off of these barrier islands.








rainy day activities in wrightsville beach


a wrightsville beach vacation may center on long sunny days on the seashore, but the occasional rainy day presents a perfect opportunity to get out and about and discover the historically and culturally rich cape fear region. from top rated museums to fun activities the whole family will love, the cape fear region is brimming with things to do that can be enjoyed, rain or shine. use a rainy day as an opportunity to check out these destinations and attractions that will keep visitors entertained long after the sun comes out again.








beaufort history


established in 1709, and renowned as the third oldest town in the state, beaufort truly is a community where history comes alive. from dozens of residences that have decorated the local downtown streets for centuries, to hidden landmarks and offshore destinations where pirates used to roam, beaufort’s history is legendary, romantic, and all-together fascinating.








ocracoke, nc vacation guide


the ocracoke harbor is easily the busiest quarter mile stretch of ocracoke island. consisting of a small, lagoon-like section of saltwater, and lined by a semi-circle of docks, restaurants, shops, marinas and motels, visitors will find that any and all of the activities on ocracoke island can most certainly be found harbor front.








downtown beaufort, sc


beaufort's downtown, which earned its own place on the national register of historic places in 1969, is easily one of the most visited and all-encompassing "attractions" that this coastal community has to offer. the expansive series of standard city blocks feature a wide variety of historical residences, gardens, houses of worship, and ancient graveyards, and the fantastic history and antebellum legacy can be admired in person around virtually every street corner.








indian beach


the small communities of indian beach and salter path, located in between emerald isle and pine knoll shores, are scenic crystal coast destinations in their own right. home to some of the area's favorite attractions, multiple options for weekly stays or long-term escapes, and plenty of gorgeous beaches and docks for travelling mariners, this region of the southern outer banks has just about everything a beach vacationer could ask for.








mt. pleasant, sc


the sunny community of mt. pleasant is often overlooked by its more famous neighbor to the south, charleston, but this large suburban town has a wealth of authentic southern charm, history, activities and dining options that are sure to keep any south carolina newcomer completely entertained.








washington, nc guide


the town of washington is rapidly becoming one of the highlights of north carolina's inner banks due to its small town charm, incredible location along the pamlico river, and eclectic blend of boutiques, restaurants, and attractions. this small community of just under 10,000 residents has a maritime culture all its own, with dozens of colorful crab statues lining the downtown streets, hundreds of boats, big and small, lining the waterfront, and miles of open tar and pamlico river views, extending in virtually every direction. quaint and quiet, but with enough activity to keep anyone entertained, washington is an ideal long weekend retreat for visitors who want to experience the heart and unique culture of coastal eastern north carolina.








top 10 attractions in wilmington, nc


with centuries of history, a coveted arts scene, and a brilliant setting against the cape fear river, wilmington’s inherent legacy and culture produces a stellar collection of attractions that will entice any visitor. discover a port community where the past meets an artful present, and be sure that these must-see attractions are on your list to fully experience this amazing city from the inside out.








charleston history


charleston county and the city of charleston, its county seat, are the most historic locations in the state. english settlers arrived in the colony of carolina in 1670 and established a town at albemarle point on the west bank of the ashley river. the settlement, named charles town in honor of king charles ii of england, was subsequently moved a few miles away to a peninsula between the ashley and cooper rivers. charles town (renamed charleston in 1783) was the political, social, and economic center of south carolina throughout the colonial and ante-bellum periods, and it served as the state capital until 1790.








the 10 best beach canopies & umbrellas for 2025


beach canopies and umbrellas create shade, lower ambient temperatures and block uv rays on hot, sunny summer days. sitting under the canopy of a quality beach umbrella can make the difference between comfort and sweltering. when choosing an umbrella, we look for durability, wind ratings, weight and size.








surfing the crystal coast


the southern outer banks are gaining popularity as a surfing destination, for newcomers to the sport and advanced borders alike. with mainly south or southeast facing beaches, and seasonal swells that are enhanced by passing tropical systems or nor’easters, surfers can catch the ride of a lifetime on the crystal coast if the timing and conditions are just right.








swan quarter


two stories prevail as to how hyde countys seat got its name. one legend has it named for the thousands of swan that came to "quarter" in the this little village at the head of swan quarter bay. the second, less romantic story, says it was named after samuel swann who settled in the area in the 1700s.








hatteras island


head south over the herbert c. bonner bridge, or take the hatteras / ocracoke ferry from ocracoke island, and you'll land on the shores of hatteras island.








things to do in ocracoke


check out our list of things to do in ocracoke, nc.








wright brothers' first flight


the outer banks played a key role in yet another historical milestone, as the birthplace of aviation. the wright brothers memorial in kill devil hills, a towering granite monument, pays homage to this history changing event, which occurred on the tall sand dunes of the outer banks just over a century ago.








wilmington, nc history


the history of wilmington is one of the biggest lures for vacationers, as this popular port city has an undeniably fascinating background that can be effortlessly explored and uncovered today. from its early roots at the dawn of the colonial era, to its tumultuous role in the civil war, the story of wilmington is always engaging and as distinctive as the cityscape itself.








johns island


johns island is a unique region that sits almost directly in between the popular city of charleston and the barrier island beaches that border the atlantic shoreline. technically the largest island in the state of south carolina, this isle has more of a down-home, lowcountry feel with acres of flat terrain, a spread out population, and a surprisingly large number of natural, historical, and altogether entertaining attractions that can be found well off the beaten path, under spanish moss covered live oaks, lush vegetation, and south carolina's signature palmetto trees.








nags head real estate


nags head real estate tends to be both pricier and in higher demand than other regions of the central outer and inner banks, thanks to the town's limited area, miles of beaches, and longstanding notoriety as one of the best beach destinations along the coast.








crystal coast history


visitors to the crystal coast are often surprised to discover the wealth of local museums, landmarks, and ancient sites that pay homage to the region’s centuries of history. home to some of the oldest communities in the state, most famous (or infamous) north carolina residents, and a wealth of historical events that helped shape the area, the region is teeming with fascinating stories and legacies that linger throughout the years.








bodie island


bodie island tends to cause a lot of confusion, for both the pronunciation of its name as well as its precise location. this small strip of the outer banks doesn't get a lot of attention, and most north carolina visitors simply pass through the area on their way to or from the hatteras and ocracoke island resort towns, or make a quick stop for an up-close-and-personal view of the bodie island lighthouse.








sunset beach, nc vacation guide


sunset beach is a unique little north carolina coastal destination that encompasses both mainland and barrier island terrain, and is located just a seashell's throw from the south carolina border. despite its proximity to larger destinations like wilmington, nc to the north and myrtle beach, sc to the south, the community has never lost its small town charm, and its decidedly beachy atmosphere, making it an ideal destination for laid back vacationers who want to soak up the salt, the sun, and the endless ocean views.








top 10 new bern attractions


it can be difficult for new bern newcomers to figure out what to do first. in a community that’s teaming with history, a vibrant arts scene, and a chic downtown area, new visitors will soon discover that he town is brimming with all sorts of attractions and destinations for vacationers to explore. with that being said, however, there are a few “must see” destinations that any vacationer will want to visit to enjoy the full new bern experience.








camping in beaufort, nc


visitors who want to enjoy the natural atmosphere via rustic accommodations, or who crave a resort-quality experience where their rv serves as their home away from home, will find everything they’re looking for and then some in the beaufort area. this charming coastal town is close to a collection of islands, scenic waterways, and wild nature reserves or refuges, which means that finding a pretty camping setting where the pristine environment shines is an easy venture.








fun facts about carova


check out our list of fun facts about carova beach!








new bern history


founded in 1710 at the confluence of the trent and neuse rivers, new bern was settled by swiss and german adventurers led by baron christopher de graffenried from bern, switzerland. new bern is the second oldest town in the state. royal governor william tryon made this seaport his colonial capitol and residence, tryon palace, was built in 1770.








kitty hawk history


kitty hawk may have rose to national fame with the arrival of the wright brothers, but the region was home to salty locals for centuries before the wrights took flight. from the long lost soundside communities in kitty hawk woods to the historic lifesaving station that guarded the coastline, kitty hawk has plenty of stories to share.








surfside beach


visitors who want to be close to all the action of the grand strand, but stay in a relatively quieter community, will fall in love with surfside beach. this small beach town located just south of myrtle beach, and located only 8 miles from the myrtle beach international airport, is a great representative sample of all the grand attractions, lodging options, amenities and activities that its more populated neighbors have to offer, but with the relaxed atmosphere of a smaller beach getaway.








windsurfing the outer banks


while several of the outer banks' most popular sports seemingly flew onto the scene in the past decade or two, like kiteboarding or stand up paddle boarding (sup), windsurfing has been drawing water sports lovers to the north carolina coast for nearly fifty years. in essence, windsurfing can pride itself as being the outer bank's oldest, and one of its most beloved sound-based sports, and everyone from seasoned riders to windsurfing newcomers can catch an exceptional ride.








new bern museums


from extensive complexes that will keep visitors engaged for hours, to charming and historic destinations that are stocked with period antiques, new bern’s museums are a major reason why visitors return to this region year after year. discover all the ways to soak up the local history, culture, and centuries of stories, and pay a visit to these museums that will fascinate visitors of all ages, and all interests.








top 10 things to do on the outer banks


every vacation destination has its own unique draw to potential visitors, whether it's a national monument, a fantastic shopping or dining scene, or an exotic locale that's meant for total relaxation. many newcomers to the outer banks are surprised to learn that this destination has all of these attributes and more, and it can be hard to narrow down the overflowing list of "must-sees" or "must-dos" that have to be squeezed into a 1-2 week obx vacation.








things to do in nags head


check out our list of things to do in the town of nags head








moyock


moyock is located on the very edge of the virginia and north carolina state border, and often serves as the first introduction to currituck county and nc in general for outer banks visitors who are driving to the area from the northern half of the country.








new bern kayaking guide


visitors who crave a kayaking adventure will fall in love with new bern. this inner banks destination at the heart of the “twin rivers” region boasts access to more than 250 miles of mapped paddling trails as well as more than 30 launch sites throughout craven county. as a result, paddlers from beginner to expert levels will find endless room to roam, from the downtown area to the wilds of the nearby croatan national forest.








outer banks ferry system


decades ago, one of the only ways to access some of the most secluded areas of the outer banks was via a ferry, and this tradition carries on today for thousands if not millions of visitors who want to travel to some of coastal north carolina's most famous and off-the-map locales.











select a city 



outer banks


crystal coast


beaufort, nc


cape fear


wilmington, nc


wrightsville beach


carolina beach


southport, nc









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













