


fiske genealogical library: home page







fiske genealogical library

search 11,579 titles held by the fiske library and pioneer hall collections
 




home

catalog
library information
newsletter archives
browse holdings
about us
contact us
return







classes
classes resume wednesday, january  8th, 2025.
see schedule here. updated.to join a virtual class, click here:  https://fiskelibrary.org/video
to download the class notes (if any), click here:  https://fiskelibrary.org/classnotes.pdf





fiske library has reopened with limited hours.
we are pleased to announce that the library is open from noon until 3pm on wednesdays.  as new volunteers are trained additional days will be added.  appointments for other times are still available.  to make an appointment please phone the person listed for the day of the week you wish to visit the library:

saturday: larry 206 720-4719
other times: dave 206 687-5249




winter 2025 newsletter -- click 
here to read or download.  

 to see our newsletter archive, click here.



fiske library now welcomes your donations online
 



notebooks finding aids now available online; for index click here.
the fiske notebooks were established as an original resource, part of the library's traditional and strong interest in the preservation of information of genealogical interest. the fiske notebooks are uncatalogued, and there are no references to them in our online catalog. in them one will find copies of arthur fiske's genealogical research notes, records of births, marriages, and deaths, cemetery inventories, family group sheets, pamphlets, photo copies of articles, photo copies of excerpts from rare books, newsletters, ephemera, and more. the notebooks are classfied by geographic location and shelved with other items of the same class in the main collection.



finding aids for the archive collections at the fiske library available online; for index click here.



to search, or to browse, that is the question...
if you are looking for specific information, a search will usually yield the best results. if you are not sure how to search for what you need then try browsing. the fiske library has created over 130 pages you can browse to find items. you may browse holdings by location or surnames.
click here to browse holdings
click here to search the fiske catalog



sign-up for the newsletter e-mail
sign-up to receive an e-mail notification when a new version of the fiske newsletter is posted to the web site.
access to the fiske newsletter on-line version is free!
ok 



surplus books for sale
half-price sale on entire inventory will end september 1, 2024. check 
often over the summer for bargains! sales of surplus books benefit our fund for acquiring new resources!





the fiske web site for:       





© 1998-22 fiske genealogical foundation.  please send comments to webmaster@fiskelibrary.org


