











welcome to wango, world association of non-governmental organizations

















          ☰
        





about usabout wangomission & purposesfounding principleshistorygovernance & bylawschapterspartners & collaboratorsget involvedour work
our workempowering the ngo sectorngo resourcescode of ethics and conduct for ngosconferences and eventsethics and accountabilitycode of ethics and conduct for ngoscompliancecode of ethics of the familyadvocacyinternational organizationsunderstanding the ngo sectorngo excellence and innovation wango awardsconferences and eventshumanitarian responsesports for peace
ngo resourcesngo resourcesworldwide ngo directorylist your ngocode of ethics and conduct for ngosngo handbookgrant writing advicesharing resourcesngo newswango newspublicationsdocumentslinksmembershipjoin wangosummary of member benefitsmember portal

member login
donate














connecting & serving ngos beyond borders
join us





advancing peace & global well-being
the world association of non-governmental organizations (wango) is an international organization uniting ngos worldwide in the cause of advancing peace and global well-being. wango helps to provide the mechanism and support needed for ngos
                to connect, partner and multiply their contributions to solve humanity's basic problems.








our work

wango convenes events and provides a wealth of tools and resources that help nonprofits better accomplish their missions.

learn more



become a member

we are a worldwide membership organization, with members in over 120 nations. join our global network today.

learn more



get involved

there are many ways to support wango's work: donate to us, nominate an ngo for a wango award, support the code of ethics initiative and more.

learn more







members in over 120 nations
learn more







worldwide ngo directory

list your ngo



























support the code of ethics & sdg 16

add your ngo
code of ethics supporters





code of ethics supporters









our areas of work

empowering the ngo sector

ethics and accountability
advocacy
ngo excellence and innovation

conferences and events
humanitarian response
sports for peace





what ngo leaders say







we must continue to encourage each other to be agents of change, and be among the small group of people who make things happen, rather than watch them happen.
dr. wangari maathaifounder, green belt movement
2004 nobel peace prize laureate
[i am] honored to be part of this community, helping to heal, not to hurt. and, there is nothing so powerful as the human act of giving.
yusuf/cat stevensfounder, small kindness
the ngo community has a very important role in helping to mobilize the people, in helping vest them with the recognition that they do have the power and the duty to make a difference.
daniel lubetzkyfounder, peaceworks foundationfounder, kind snacks
after we received the award, we were acknowledged by the government and were inspired to translate the wango code of ethics into arabic.
dr. wajeeha al-baharnavice president, bahrain women association for human development
we are headed to a world of teams, teams of teams that are working together in flexible ways. now a team means that everyone on the team needs to be a player. in a world of very fast change, that means they have to be a changemaker. ... the wango membership are the very cutting edge of that revolution.
bill drayton
founder, ashoka
we have to be aware that we are still in time to change a culture of imposition and fear, a
culture economically based on specula, productive relocation, and war into a culture of
dialogue, conciliation, and alliance, a culture of peace.
dr. federico mayor zaragozaformer director general, unescofounder, fundaciã³n cultura de paz








our network in numbers

120+countries and territories
44%local and national ngos
55%international ngos
3700+code of ethics supporters
35+awardees







our history
20+ years of serving ngos
in 2000, a handful of international ngos and prominent leaders
came together with a vision for an organization that would
unite ngos worldwide in the cause of advancing peace and global
wellbeing.
in the more than two decades since, that vision has been embodied
in a global network of ngos, as well as affiliates drawn from the ranks
of governmental and intergovernmental bodies, business, and
universities, dedicated to solving pressing local and global issues.

© nikolay antonov top row second photo from left.





about usabout wangomission & purposeschapterspartners & collaboratorsour workempowering the ngo sectorethics and accountabilityadvocacyngo excellence and innovationconferences and eventshumanitarian responsesports for peaceways to helpgive monthlymake a donationstay connectedcontact us

newsletter




sign up








we support












        wango is a 501(c)(3) public charity ©
        . wango - world association of non-governmental organizations
sitemap
















