



north carolina waterfalls - nature photography - southern appalachian wildflowers - waterfall keepers of nc - brevard transylvania county - fall color








 

welcome to one of the most beautiful places on
            earth - the mountains of western north carolina! there are
literally 
            hundreds of waterfalls and miles and miles of hiking trails in this area. 
you could spend a lifetime trying to see everything. western north 
carolina is blessed to have over a million acres of national forests, national 
parks, state parks, and other public lands for our enjoyment and use. the pisgah 
and nantahala national forests comprise most of this land and offer multiple 
uses including hiking, mountain biking, camping, and horseback 
riding. our western state parks offer most of the same activities and contain some of the lesser 
know hidden jewels. be sure to check out gorges 
state park, chimney rock state park, grandfather mountain state 
park, hanging rock state park, south mountains state park, and lake james state 
park. and of course there's 
the beautiful blue ridge parkway - america's favorite drive. you'll experience beautiful 
vistas, wildflowers, amazing fall color, and of course - waterfalls! men and women with 
extraordinary vision preserved these special places and are constantly 
working to save more and improve what has already been saved. they do this because 
they love the land, they love the beauty mother nature has bestowed upon 
this area, and because they want to share it with you, me, and everyone 
that will take the time to get out and experience it. 
of course, the beautiful scenery doesn't stop at the north 
carolina border. upstate south carolina and georgia have beautiful waterfalls 
in their mountain areas. there are enough waterfalls in central and eastern 
tennessee to fill another web site - and of course there's the great smoky mountain 
national park on the nc/tn border. i've done my best to include their waterfalls 
in this site, but still have a lot more places to visit.
i didn't discover this area until 1998. that's when
            friends invited me up to their mountain home in lake toxaway
            to hike to some of the waterfalls in the area. my first falls
            were drift, turtleback and rainbow falls along the horsepasture
            river and i've been hooked ever since. i lived near raleigh at the time and it was a struggle to get 
over this way more than 5 times a year. by 2002 i just couldn't stand living 
4-5 hours away, so i started planning to relocate. in april 2003, the dream 
became reality and i picked up my life and moved to the asheville area. 
this site 
has grown tremendously in the number of visitors - especially in the last 3 
years. 
that's a good thing since it probably means more people are getting outdoors 
to enjoy nature's beauty and are looking for info on where to go and what to 
see. the only down side is i'm getting a lot more emails and am not able to 
answer all of the inquiries. i'm very sorry if i haven't responded to yours, 
but please remember that this is a one person 
operation.  use this 
site for your visual pleasure or as just one source of info for planning 
a trip to this area. this site is - and will always be - a work in progress, 
and i'll do my best to keep it up to date. 
 


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 

places 
to go 
- this page has links to subsections where falls in the
            same area are grouped together. try looking here if you're
            planning a trip to the area. you'll find photos and directions to
            the waterfalls, as well as ramblings about the areas and my
            adventures on various trips. 
index 
- if you would like to see a list of the falls on
            this site or if you are looking for a particular waterfall,
            
            go to the index. the falls are in alphabetical order and
            there's a link to the page that the information about the fall is on. there may be
            more than one falls on a page, so you may have to scroll down. 


image 
galleries - i wanted to create a section of my site where you can go and 
just look at pictures of this beautiful area. i've  found the easiest way
            for me to present these images is to use pbase.com -  an online service separate 
from my site.
            
            the pictures are larger than the ones posted here and include a 
wider variety of images that you won't find in this section of my site. 
click the thumbnails in each gallery for a larger image. these photos are best 
viewed if your display is set to 1024 x 768. if you have to scroll to see the 
entire image, you can click 'medium' under each image to get a smaller view.


video 
-  i have added a lot of videos to both my youtube and vimeo channels over the 
past few years, but now am only adding to my youtube channel.  become a subscriber to get notifications when i add 
new ones! 

        

wildflowers 
- as i began hiking more, i couldn't help but notice the beautiful wildflowers 
that grow along the trails and the roads that take me to the trail heads. so 
i took pictures of those also and have posted them in one of my pbase galleries. 


links 
- the links section has
            links to other waterfall, mountain and hiking sites and also
            links to sites with info on camping, lodging and other
            activities in western north carolina. if you have one you
            would like for me to add, please
            email me. 

i realize there's a lot of info to sort through
            on this site, so i'm trying a google search. leave the button
            set to ncwaterfalls.com, type in your search words, click, and
            google will search just within this site. hope this helps - i
            may or may not keep this feature.

















                                 www
                                

ncwaterfalls.com









 


warning!!! wet
            rocks are very slippery and people fall to their deaths from
            waterfalls every year! if you visit them, please be careful
            and use common sense!
do not climb rocks around the waterfalls and do not ever cross
            a stream or swim at the top of a
            waterfall. if you have children, watch them at all times. there are also many
            species of rare plants near some of these waterfalls, living
            in and near the spray areas of the falls. please be very
            careful not to trample vegetation while exploring any
            falls!



 "i can see my rainbow calling
            me through the misty breeze of my waterfall." - jimi
            hendrix

 



1-18-25  as you all should 
know by now, hurricane helene caused massive amounts of damage in western nc 
and surrounding areas in late september 2024. many areas have reopened, but 
it will be years before some communities recover - and many of those will never 
be the same. the national and state forests, state parks, and blue ridge 
parkway were all closed for a time after the storm. a lot of areas have reopened, 
but some trails remain closed and won't reopen for a long time. it's always best 
to check the official web sites for the most current info. the blue ridge parkway  
announced a major reopening to traffic on october 30th, but now that it's winter, 
most of it is closed until warmer weather. it's always best to check 
this page to see what sections are open or closed. "full closure" 
means these sections suffered major damage and were never reopened after the 
storm. you are not allowed to enter these areas even on foot or with a bike. 
these sections had reopened after the storm. the section between mile posts 411.8 to mp 421 
which is the section from the intersection of us276 south to black 
balsam rd, so that would give you access to graveyard fields and the trailheads down 
black balsam rd (fr816). the section past 
that to nc215 which includes devil's courthouse remains closed to everyone due 
to a major landslide. do not enter this area for any reason! 
 mp 423.2 to mp 469 also opened. this section is from nc215 south to the 
end of the parkway in the great smoky mountains np and includes the highest 
point on the parkway and waterrock knob. farther north on the parkway, 
mp285.5 at bamboo gap to mp305 near beacon 
heights reopened. the entire virginia section of the parkway had also been open. 
the pisgah ranger district of 
the pisgah national forest reopened on friday october 18th. i was there on that 
day  
and had no problems getting to moore cove, discovery, and log hollow falls. 
i've also been to cove creek falls  and the trail had been cleared to just before 
the waterfall. the last little bit requires a short scramble to get to the base 
of the falls. if you are familiar with the area, fr475 is open. us276 and nc215 
are open from brevard to the canton and waynesville area, but remember, the 
parkway in those areas  is closed. this doesn't mean that all trails and 
roads are in good shape. the appalachian and grandfather ranger districts of the pisgah 
nf were hit especially hard, but began opening some trails up for use back 
in november. on january 17th 2025, the grandfather district announced the reopening 
of an additional 64 miles of trails including catawba falls! most of the nantahala 
nf has reopened as areas west of asheville generally weren't hit as hard. get 
more updated info on the national forests here. several of the 
nc state parks west of i-77 have 
partially reopened after being closed all through october, but others suffered 
heavy damage. check the link for 
more info. interstate 
40 from the tennessee border east into north carolina suffered heavy damage 
and will be closed for months.  i-26 in tennessee heading in and out of nc is 
now one lane each way for a short distance near the border. it had been 
completely closed for several weeks. google maps has been pretty good about 
keeping up with what roads are still closed.
 do your research before you 
come anywhere near this area to see what is open and closed. it will be months and months 
before some areas reopen. i'll never be able to return to all of the waterfalls 
i have listed on this site to see how they have changed or if trails are open, 
so some of the info i have here might not be correct when you visit in the future. 
i'll do my best to update with more info as it becomes available. stay 
safe and do not enter areas that are closed!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

late in 2020, i 
announced the launch of a new non-profit organization in western nc - waterfall 
keepers of north carolina. the mission of the new organization is to 
promote and protect one of north carolina's most valuable resources - it's waterfalls! 
waterfall keepers 
of north carolina had been in the planning stages for more than a year before 
it's launch 
and was able to hit the ground running immediately after being announced to 
the public. north carolina's own kevin adams serves 
as the executive director and is founder of the organization. as most of you 
know, kevin is one of north carolina's top experts on the state's waterfalls 
and is author of the well known nc waterfall guide book, north carolina 
waterfalls. along with being a writer, kevin is also a teacher, professional 
photographer, and naturalist. i am honored to serve on the board of directors with several 
other conservation minded individuals and will also be volunteering my time 
at many of the planned activities you can find on the web site. be sure to also 
check out waterfall 
keepers facebook page  and friends 
of waterfall keepers page for up to date news and announcements!
waterfall visitation has exploded in the last 
10 years. the pandemic of 2020/21 has brought even more people outdoors and some 
of our more popular waterfalls are suffering from over use. we all need to pitch 
in and help keep these areas as pristine as we can - for now and for future 
generations. if you would like to be involved with a community of waterfall 
lovers, please take some time and really explore the waterfall 
keepers of nc web site. we would be honored for you to join us on this journey. 
as of june 2021, we have 502 members, 206 waterfalls have been adopted by 272 volunteers who 
have already picked up over  2,100 gallons of trash! waterfall keepers has also adopted 
a stretch of nc215 north of the blue ridge parkway for the adopt-a-highway 
program. our first 2 cleanups were a huge success! volunteers 
picked
 up over 1,000 gallons of trash, 11
 tires, 1 tv, 1 toilet, 1 kid’s atv, and several other items too big to bag!
 if you have used my site to 
plan your vacation or find new places to explore and would like to show your appreciation for the time and effort 
i have put into this, please join or make a tax deductible donation! 
back 
in april, waterfall keepers announced the junior waterfall keepers program for 
the kids! to date, 132 kids have joined in the fun and are junior waterfall 
keepers. the kids can earn badges and learn about conservation and life around 
our streams and waterfalls. all of the info you need  
 can be found on the junior 
keepers section of the web site. i hope you will join in on the fun!
 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the blue ridge parkway has done away with it's 
interactive closure map. they have replaced it with a chart showing which 
sections are open and closed. it looks like it's updated daily and should be 
more user friendly on a wider variety of devices. the 
link is here.    
my wife recently finished her 4th hiking guide book - day 
hiking the mountains to sea trail. this book focuses on the sections 
of trail from clingmans dome to mount mitchell, but only the sections of 
trail that can reasonably done in a day by the average hiker. you 
can order this book and her other 3 from amazon at this link.
the 3rd edition of kevin adams' 
north carolina waterfalls guide book is out and in many of the 
visitor centers and outdoor gear shops in the area. 
you 
can order the book directly from kevin by clicking here. kevin had more 
waterfalls in this book than i will ever have on this site, so you are missing 
out if you don't get a copy! the updated version of his excellent 
waterfall map is also out and is available for order. this map is essential in 
planning your waterfall vacation. you 
can order it directly from kevin here or look for it at many of the outdoor 
shops and book stores in the area. kevin has also been working a lot harder 
on his web site than i have and has an excellent north carolina waterfalls section 
with a really nice interactive map that he is always updating. click 
here to see it, then also be sure to click around on the rest of his site!
my hiking pal and finder of many new waterfalls bernie 
boyer has a great photo gallery with a lot of photos of his adventures in this 
area and more recently north georgia. you can check 
it out here.
 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
if 
you are new to the site, visiting my pbase  galleries 
from time to time might give you ideas of other places to visit in the area. some of the 
spots i visit and shoot don't have waterfalls, so the info isn't posted on 
my main site here. most of the images in those galleries are from 
western north carolina, the great smoky mountain national park, and upstate 
south carolina. the 
main gallery is here, then click on any of the other galleries for the pictures.  i have 
galleries for the wildflowers, mushrooms, birds, and other things i have seen while 
out and about, plus galleries from other national parks and areas i have visited. 
all updates to the site are listed below so you can tell if anything has changed and if there is a
            link, it will take you right to the new stuff.              i really
            appreciate all the nice emails i've received saying how much
            you enjoy the photos and info, or how the site brings back old memories of
            visiting or living in the mountains. this site has grown tremendously 
in the past year and unfortunately i don't have the time to respond to all 
of them. i do read them all and do the best i can.   thanks for
            visiting!





upper catawba falls
 

©1998-2025 all photos, images, videos, and ramblings are
                copyrighted by rich stevenson unless otherwise noted. you may
                download and print any of the content on this site if it 
    will help you in your search for waterfalls. you 
    may not reproduce any of this web site or use any of my pictures any where 
    else online or in print for any reason without my consent. 
     

 




 

1-18-25 - 
updated the sam 
branch falls page with info on a landslide
7-3-24 - updated the cedar 
rock / grogan creek falls page to reflect the changes in the butter gap 
trail
5-31-24 - 
updated the catawba 
falls page with the massive improvements made to the area
6-11-22 - 
wow, an update! i revisited hickory 
branch falls and added the upper waterfall
8-31-21 - 
updated the pisgah 
ranger district page with updates on closures from tropical storm fred
8-31-21 - 
updated the skinny 
dip falls page with new info about the destruction after tropical storm 
fred
5-18-21 - 
updates dargans cascade 
- now known as silver steps falls - page with new trail info
10-21-20 
- updated the info 
on virginia hawkins falls in sc and added a video to my youtube 
channel
9-12-20 - 
added a video of some 
of the falling water you can see on the cove creek / caney bottom loop trail
8-28-20 - 
updated the cove creek 
falls and caney bottom falls page
8-25-20 - 
updated the high falls 
on the thompson river page
8-15-20 - 
finally added maxie duke falls and sparkle falls to the sids 
falls page of my site
8-8-20 - 
updated the long 
branch falls page
7-31-20 - 
apparently there's a new trail to hooker falls. i haven't been to check it out 
and won't go any time soon because of the crazy number of people that visit 
here. i did find info online, so have changed 
the hooker falls page to reflect what i have found.
1-18-20 - 
added lower higgins creek 
falls video to my youtube channel.
1-18-20 - 
added a new waterfall in tennessee - lower 
higgins creek falls
12-6-19 - 
added drip 
falls in the norman wilder forest in polk county
11-19-19 
- updated trail info for reese 
place falls in headwaters state forest
8-27-19 - 
added a new video of upper 
bearwallow falls to my youtube channel and to the upper 
bearwallow falls page on my site along with new photos from the falls
7-16-19 - 
updated the big laurel 
falls and mooney falls page
7-1-19 - 
added a video 
of glen falls to my youtube channel - also updated my rufus 
morgan falls page
6-30-19 - 
updated my way out of date and poorly written glen 
falls page with new info, photos, and video
6-29-19 - 
updated info and directions to bernies 
falls and added a video 
to my youtube channel
6-18-19 - 
updated the falls 
branch falls, tn page with new info, photos, and video
6-9-19 - 
finally - a new waterfall! added yellow 
creek falls near robbinsville to the site
6-9-19 - 
i upgraded my camera to a sony a6400 a few months ago and am now shooting video 
in 4k! visit 
and subscribe to my youtube channel to see the latest videos.
2-2-19 - 
updated the info on pinnacle 
falls sc which is now being called beech bottom falls
1-29-19 - 
added hidden 
falls in oconee state park, sc
11-14-18 
- added reedy 
branch falls in sc and also added a video 
to my youtube channel that includes this waterfall, ramsey creek falls, and 
riley moore falls
11-12-18 
- added ramsey 
creek falls and riley 
moore falls - both in oconee county, sc
10-26-18 
- added info and pictures on the new 
parking area and hike to eagle rock and the tunnel in chimney rock sp
10-16-18 
- added a second way to get to reece 
place falls in headwaters sf
9-24-18 - 
added the hike to bursted 
rock in headwaters sf
9-21-18 - 
did some more exploring in headwaters sf today and found a nice 
loop hike which includes graveley falls
9-19-18 - 
added some hiking 
options in headwaters sf from the glady fork rd access areas
9-12-18 - 
i've added several new videos to my 
youtube channel
9-11-18 - 
added reece place 
falls to the headwaters 
state forest page
9-9-18 - 
added graveley falls 
in headwaters state forest
9-6-18 - 
added east fork falls 
in headwaters state forest
8-31-18 - 
updated directions to lower 
bearwallow falls in gorges state park and added a video from out june 2018 
visit to bearwallow creek
8-26-18 - 
added a video of aunt 
sallys, lower rhapsodie, and rhapsodie falls to my youtube channel and to 
the dismal falls page below
8-25-18 - 
updated the trail info up to rhapsodie 
falls, but still need to go back and revisit dismal falls
8-14-18 - 
added info about the hike past 
little bearwallow falls up to wildcat rock and little bearwallow mountain
8-12-18 - 
added a video and new photos to the 
douglas falls page
8-11-18 - 
added a video and new photos of roaring 
fork and setrock creek falls - 

