


roger stegall - professional guide service - pickwick lake, tenn tomm waterway








 







 








































click here!!!
		for roger's pickwick area fishing report--check back often for news and tips to help you catch more fish!













pickwick bassmaster 
            eastern invitational, march 2001 
            1st day 24 lb 2oz 
            8th place finish
2000 forrest wood open 
            pickwick lake, june 2000 
            top-10 finish 
            day 2 leader with 30lbs 13oz
bassmaster magazine 
            march 1999 
"run heavy run deep" 
            by louie stout - senior writer



 
            smallmouth bass • largemouth bass • white bass 
            crappie • sauger • bream







roger stegall is inducted into the national freshwater fishing hall of fame
roger stegall was recently recognized for his many contributions to the sport of fishing when he was inducted into the national freshwater fishing hall of fame.

roger was honored at a reception attended by many of his friends and family members on march 9, 2024.
"boy! this was a special day for this country boy! i am very humbled and honored to be inducted into the national freshwater fishing hall of fame! i want to thank all my family, friends, clients and everyone else for attending and supporting me over the years," roger said! roger is shown receiving his plaque from david rainer, representing the national freshwater fishing hall of fame.



check out our new accommodations at airbnb

if you are looking for a place to stay in the pickwick area, check out our airbnb listing. our location is within 10 minutes of j p coleman and eastport boat ramps, only 15 minutes to the state line and about 20 minutes to the pickwick landing and dam boat ramps. it's very reasonably priced and has boat parking and a place to charge your batteries. all bookings are done online through airbnb. 
mississippi outdoor hall of fame announces 2019 inductees

roger stegall is presented with hof award
roger stegall was recently honored with a group of outdoorsmen who were inducted into the mississippi outdoor hall of fame. honerees included tommy bourne of prentiss, vick finkley of grenada, leland james of sturgis, paul meek of morton, garland priddy of learned and stegall. 

2019 hall of fame class
"we are very excited about the honorees into our latest class of hall of fame inductees," said billy johnson, executive director of the mississippi wildlife heritage foundation. "these six mississippians contributed so much to grow our state's reputation as a premier place to live or visit for anyone who enjoys outdoor sports like huntng or fishing. 
roger stegall was honored for his contributions as a long time fishing guide and his reputation for excellence in serving the outdoor industry for over 40 years as a guide and tournament fisherman.
roger stegall 
roger stegall is an accomplished fisherman in every aspect of the word. he has over 30 years of guiding 
                  and tournament experience on the flw and b.a.s.s. trails.
features in bassmaster, field & stream, 
					outdoor life, bassin, flw outdoors and numerous other 
					national publications document that roger is not just a local who can catch fish but he is a listened to and respected professional. those magazine articles are the result of years of hard work and fishing know-how. his tournament accomplishments are numerous including: 
                  


2003 everstart red river, 5th place, natchitoches, la



2003 everstart pickwick, 9th place



2002 9th place overall, b.a.s.s. southern opens



2002 winner w.b.f.l. choo choo division, pickwick



2001 pickwick b.a.s.s. invitational, 8th place



2001 central everstart greenville, ms, 7th place



2000-2001 national invitational ranger cup, 5th place



2000 old hickory b.a.s.s. invitational, 4th place



2000 wal-mart flw tour, pickwick lake top-10 finisher and day 2 leader with 30lbs 13oz



23-time w.b.f.l regional qualifier



8 time w.b.f.l winner



1998 red man mississippi division champion



2012 wbfl angler of the year



 heaviest 5 fish smallmouth limit in red man history 27.5 pounds!

 
any day on the water with roger is enjoyable but that does not mean it is slothful. he puts every effort into the job of finding you fish to catch. his clients very often catch numbers of good fish but roger is most celebrated for having numerous smallmouth over 7 pounds to his guiding credit. (check out the most recent ones in the photo gallery.)
i can't guarantee that you will catch a bunch of fish, nor can i assure you of a big smallie. however, i can promise you that you will enjoy your day with roger and that the odds of you sticking the fish of your dreams is increased dramatically. if you like to fish, you will love pickwick and the area lakes. and, when you think of pickwick, you must think of roger stegall.























































everstart 
                        greenville, ms












tennessee bassmaster 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    eastern invitational, sept. 2000 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    old hickory lake 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    4th place finish















about roger / contact roger / sponsors / references
area maps / accomodations / guide fee / 
					picture gallery / what to bring

 ©1999 roger stegall. all rights reserved. any reproduction by any means of the photos or illustrations on this website is prohibited without prior written permission of roger stegall. 
                    please report any broken links or other errors to the webmaster.
site maintained by robertson consultants















