






patented-antiques.com antiques of a mechanical nature











antiques
of a
mechanical nature

          
	
	
         
	
	
	





www.patented-antiques.com

larry and 
			carole meeker
purveyors of & dealers inamericana & patented &mechanical antiques


patentedantiques@gmail.com orders / inquires / questions

530-748-7297(orders only!)
			
	




site search
* * * * * 

wanted to buy
* * * * * 
antiquesfor sale
* * * * * 
antiquetools:

stanley planes& tools 
patented &wooden planes / levels / bevels squares / ruleschisels / slicks  saws & drillsfarm & more 
antiquesewingmachines:

singer 221-222featherweightsewing machines
featherweight221-222information
featherweighttestimonialsantique surveyinginstruments:

solar / miningtransitscompasseslevelstripodschains
americanatechnologyscientific & electricalantiques


advertising
patent models  
salesman samples
country store
office / electric
calculation
* * * * * 
general info: 

ordering &guarantee
faq / questions
about ourantique business
relevant links
* * * * * 
  contact patented-antiques 
* * * * * 
site search
* * * * * 


mechanical nature 
			antiques

			
						www.patented-antiques.com
 
hello!! we are larry & carole meeker dealers, 
					brokers & 
				purveyors of fine antiques & collectibles!!
the 
			primary focus of our two websites,  
patented-antiques.com and
					
antiqbuyer.com, 
						is buying & selling antiques & collectibles of a 
						mechanical nature. patented 
						& mechanical antiques & collectibles. we buy & sell antique tools / technology 
					& scientific related antiques, antique sewing machines, antique advertising, general / country store antiques, 
					etc. we call these different categories of antiques americana with a purpose.


the antiques and 
			collectibles we buy and sell include antique 
			and vintage woodworking tools, 	
		



especially patented antique 
			woodworking planes, antique sewing machines, antique surveying 
			instruments. american patent models, 
			vintage salesman samples, especially farm and agricultural related 
			models, are of special interest. other pieces of early 
			american history commonly referred to as americana are also of interest. 
			the antiques and collectibles we seek include figural cast iron 
			antiques, rare examples of vintage mechanical kitchen antiques, 
			early office related antiques, including antique electrical devices 
			like fans and open frame or bi-polar electric motors, scientific 
			and calculation related antiques and more. 
			all fit 
			into our definition of antiques of a mechanical nature.
services we offer
outright 
			purchase and sales we buy 
			antiques all the time. the most important 
considerations 
			that influence our decision to buy a given antique are price & condition. these are the main 
			factors, and most important considerations in determining our interest 
			in buying any antique. without knowing the specifics it is very hard to 
			say whether or not we are interested in buying your antique or 
collection.
outright purchases are the quickest and cleanest 
			approach to buying and selling antiques. the seller 
names the price he 
/ she wants for that antique or collection and i say yes or no. many 
sellers want "retail" or retail + + for their antiques, be it a collection or 
single antique ignoring the fact they have contacted an antique dealer who has 
to buy below retail and have some room for resale.			
			
					

oftentimes sellers profess they have no idea what the value of their antique 
(s) or how much they want for their antique or collection. antique sellers using 
this approach to selling set up the classic adversarial dealer / seller 
situation. in general i do not 
usually participate in prolonged back and forth when buying antiques. in most 
outright sales situations it is the sellers responsibility to name his price after doing 
due diligence or research. for several reasons, it is hard for me to act as both the buyer and seller, 
naming the price and then buying the object. especially on those i am not 
standing in front of.
if you have antiques to sell and have them priced  
			reasonably and realistically contact patented-antiques.com and we 
			can sew up the deal with me buying them - now!
appraisals, 
			research and consultations we no longer offer paid 
appraisals for pieces for several reasons. informal appraisals and discussions about value are offered as

 part of our consignment sales service - - - - - - within reason.

finders service 
			for antique buyers we offer this as a service for those 
			who are looking for specific antiques to add to their collections. 
			we offer a paid finders service for serious collectors looking for 
			serious pieces and treat a paid retainer as a contract to find and 
			provide the piece for a reasonable commission. we have good 
		contacts for the types of antiques that we deal in.  we will work 
			for a fixed finders fee as well.
consignment sales
are a source for some of the antiques listed for sale on this antique sales website
			www.patented-antiques.com. we 
			sell select 


 		  
individual antiques on consignment for various owners. we are 
			currently selling antiques on consignment from consignors including old time collectors, 
			dealers, or other antique sellers such as heirs, or relatives of the 
			antique collector. some collectors are simply downsizing, others re-focusing their 
			antique collection, or are selling their antiques for any number of different reasons. oftentimes we are helping new owners, 
			collector's spouses, heirs, and / or relatives of the original collectors sell 
			an antique 
			collections that they have come into possession of. 

consignment sales through our website can offer 
			advantages for the seller / owner. the largest and 
			most obvious advantage is that through consignment sales, at a fixed 
price and reasonable commission rate, you the owner are able to net the highest possible price and return for your antiques.
			your asking price. with consignment sales you name the final sale price and are not 
			at the mercy of an auction result. by paying a single commission, and only upon a successful sale, 
			the uncertainly of auctions and the double fees incurred with a buyers premium 
			on the front end in 
	addition to the sellers commission on the back end are gone. if you are unfamiliar with this concept, i can explain. bottom line, when you see an auction result for an 
			item you have, the
			
			actual net to you the owner / seller can oftentimes be 40 - 50% less than that published price when the final 
			math is done. that being the buyers fee, "penalty" or % on one end, 
			(15 - 25%) and the sellers commission / % on the other. (20 - 30%)



 		    antiques listed for sale on this site get worldwide exposure.
			our websites are well ranked on google and all other major search engines for relevant keywords. our 
			2 websites get over 500 unique visitors a day with thousands of individual page views. over 50% of those visitors are "new".
			 the other half are regular customers looking for newly listed pieces. many are serious buyers who 
			visit this antique website on a regular basis seeking specific antiques to add to their collections. it is not just a 
small local audience, or casual lookers that most other venues like local "antique" shops 
			or auction houses offer. they are real buyers looking for quality antiques to add to their collections.



			another advantage is that this approach eliminates the typical adversarial 
	role between the owner / seller when determining values or a price for your 
			antiques / collectibles. that would be you and me, the end seller, 
	as we are both working toward realizing maximum price / value for your 
	antiques when i sell pieces on consignment for you. bottom line is in a consignment sale i want 
	to help you sell your antiques for the most possible. i 
			am not trying to buy them for the lowest possible price. i am 
			working w/ you to realize the highest possible price, not against you 
			trying to buy them for the least amount possible. 	 

				
			
			current & past clients 
one antique collection 
			we are currently handling is focused on antique 
			woodworking tools. this 
			collection was begun in the 60's and 
			numbers over 15,000 tools. this collection originates here in california and will take years to redistribute to today's collectors. we 
			are nearly done with it now in 2023. 
			
another antique collection 
			we are about done selling came from washington state  and is 
			laundry-related.  it included close to 3000 antique pressing / sad irons and trivets, miniature stoves, and much more. over the last 15 years we have helped 
			numerous consignors, and sellers sell well over 9,000 sad irons from several different 
			collections. 
			
an antique collection from oregon was 
			focused on antique irons, & other ironing related antiques. set up in a general store type museum with advertising and 
			related country or general store antiques including general store fixtures, 
			cash registers, scales, hardware and more.
			
			
another antique collection we are done selling for a deceased collectors 
				spouse included over 300 toy and full size sewing machines.  this collection 					
							
				



had 
				some great toy treadle sewing machines as well as some of the hardest to find toy sewing machines 
			/ tsms known.    
			
we sold a large collection of antique bootjacks for an owner 
			/ collector downsizing, and refocusing his collection.  this collection of over 300 
			antique bootjacks included examples across the spectrum,
				from patent models to mechanicals, naughty nellies, figurals, heart motifs and more.  
			most were cast iron, some wood, and a couple made of other 
			materials. while 
			selling that collection, we picked up and sold another large collection of bootjacks similar in size, so 
			that at one point we had over 400 antique bootjacks in stock.    
			
			
we have also handled select pieces from other antique collections across the 
				country including special antique sewing machines and sewing related antiques including sewing 
			birds / clamps and other sewing related 
collectibles. 
we are finished selling a collection of 
			over 100 toy and salesman sample stoves  from a large and old time midwest collection. we also 
			handled their large 
			collection of sadirons and related. 



* * * * we buy & sell antiques! 
			* * * *

if you have a single antique, or a collection of antiques to sell 
please contact patented-antiques.com at patentedantiques@gmail.com giving us your phone number 
and other contact info 
			and we will get back to you asap.  
					
								to view examples of the types of antiques and collectibles we have previously 
			sold and are always interested in helping you sell please visit our 
							past 
			sales archive pages at our sister website
							
							www.antiqbuyer.com. 

	thanks!!
		
					
					larry & carole





this website is copyrighted
larry & carole meeker

patented-antiques.com buys and sells antique tools & technology from the home, shop, and office. learn more about patented-antiques.


