





















uc davis department of animal science








      skip to main content
    






menu


uc davis department of animal science






























open search




search












    quick links
    +




directory


advising center


job openings


safety


weekly newsletter


resources


standard operating procedures


sitemap


make a gift


alumni & friends


conference rooms









main navigation (extended config)



home




          about





welcome



          vision & goals





steward the environment


breed better animals


promote animal welfare


reveal the complex biology of animals


produce healthy food from healthy animals


translate science from bench to benefit


enhance sustainable animal production


inspire future leaders




programs and centers


sustainability


history


alumni & friends


resources


diversity commitment


support our program


job openings


contact





          people





faculty


emeriti


postdocs and visiting scholars


project scientists


staff


alumni & friends





          academics






          undergraduate





majors


minors


advising center


internships


financial assistance


clubs & organizations


handouts & resources


careers


interested in vet school?


study abroad




graduate


courses


why uc davis?


why study animal science?


how to apply





          extension





overview


specialists


farm advisors


animal biotechnology


aquaculture


livestock air quality


livestock systems management


livestock waste management


poultry


software





          facilities





facility recharge rates


biosecurity


aquatic facilities


avian facilities


beef cattle facilities


cole facility


dairy teaching & research facility


goat research facility


horse barn


meat laboratory


sheep facilities


small animal colony


swine teaching and research center





          news & events





news


seminars


events





jobs


























our mission is to create and disseminate knowledge about animals for the betterment of animals, society, and the environment in california and beyond.





professor ermias kebreab is conducting research with dairy cows to find out if seaweed will reduce methane emissions from cattle.  (photo by gregory urquiaga/uc davis)





animal geneticist alison van eenennaam discovered it is possible to splice the 'hornless' gene from aberdeen angus cattle into the widespread black-and-white holstein dairy cows so that they are born without protrusions. (photo by aleksandra domanović and spencer lowell)





extension specialist jim oltjen works with cattle ranchers to implement research and best practices.  his current research projects include feedlot performance prediction to improve efficiency and reduce variation in beef production, improved grazing and supplementation strategies for beef cow herds, herd management modeling, and cost/benefit of animal identification.  photo by elissa nadworny.





sensor technology gives associate professor maja makagon new insights in hens' behavior.  for example, makagon is using sensors on individual hens to record when they bump their keelbone (breastbone) against something. keelbone damage is a significant problem that can affect egg production.





associate professor matthias hess is sequencing environmental dna to study the microbial community and microbial processes associated with natural crude oils that pollute the marine ecosystem off the santa barbara shoreline.





professor cassandra tucker says technology can put animal welfare at the center of farm decision making by finding opportunities to amplify care.





our mission is to create and disseminate knowledge about animals for the betterment of animals, society, and the environment in california and beyond.





our mission is to create and disseminate knowledge about animals for the betterment of animals, society, and the environment in california and beyond.













 



undergraduate






 



graduate






 



meet the faculty





 


welcome

welcome to the uc davis department of animal science!  our mission is to create and disseminate knowledge about animals for the betterment of animals, society, and the environment in california and beyond.  as you will see as you explore our website, our program is vibrant, diverse, and comprehensive with our research and teaching programs covering the molecule to the ecosystem as it pertains to animals.
- anne todgham, ph.d., department chair
more




 


alumni spotlight

lucydalila cedillo (animal science, class of '16) was awarded the university medal, which recognizes a graduating senior for excellence in undergraduate studies, outstanding community service and the promise of future scholarship and contributions to society.  she has since accepted an offer of admission to harvard university's biological and biomedical sciences ph.d. program where she is pursuing her dream of becoming a professor at a research institution.
more








 





            spotlight
    




 




grape seeds, stems and skins in feed can reduce dairy cattle emissions


may 20, 2024






 




understanding cattle grazing personalities may foster sustainable rangelands


may 20, 2024






 




ermias kebreab, ph.d. receives 2023-24 chancellor's award for international engagement


february 28, 2024






 




meat lab closed 2/22 - 2/23


february 16, 2024






 




the jawless fish play an important ecosystem role


february 09, 2024













newsletter









seminars









alumni & friends









support us






    contact
  

animal science
2251 meyer hall
university of california, davis
one shields avenue
davis, ca 95616
phone: 530-752-1250, fax: 530-752-0175

undergraduate advising
1202 meyer hall, 530-754-7915
asac@ucdavis.edu
graduate advising
1249 meyer hall, 530-752-2382
animal biology: abggc@ucdavis.edu




            follow us
    































department of animal science, 2251 meyer hall, one shields ave, davis ca 95616-5270 | 530-752-1250



questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 7, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.




this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











