





welcome! - network of buddhist organisations


































































 















donate button donate

follow us 










toggle navigation 





network of buddhist organisations


home
who we are 

what we stand for
code of conduct
nbo committee
nbo members


what we do 

buddhist action month 2024: mindful money
buddhism and the climate crisis
eco dharma network
interfaith
education
chaplaincy
european buddhist union
safeguarding for buddhist charities
charity regulations: help & advice


events
join the nbo 

join the nbo
how to join


the small print 

nbo constitution
nbo annual report
privacy policy


contact us














welcome!


we are the network of buddhist organisations uk: connecting uk buddhist organisations and individuals since 1993.

the network of buddhist organisations uk (nbo) was founded to promote fellowship and dialogue between uk buddhist organisations and individuals, facilitate co-operation in matters of common interest and to work in harmony with buddhist and like-minded organisations such as the european buddhist union.

why do we need the nbo?

during the 20th century a very diverse range of buddhist traditions became well-established in the uk and buddhism began to permeate british culture.
in addition to traditions with roots in asia, we have new western buddhist movements, and increasingly secularised forms or offshoots of buddhism arising from the growth of mindfulness and compassion practice as tools for promoting health and wellbeing in many areas of life.



buddhism makes a considerable contribution to uk life today, not just in the areas of mindfulness and compassion. in particular, religious education frameworks include buddhism as one of the six major uk faiths to be studied in schools and buddhist chaplains offer support and care in hospitals, prisons, educational establishments, the armed forces and other bodies.
safeguarding children and adults from harm continues to be a major focus for all faith communities and is a key governance duty for all buddhist charities.
the nbo promotes all this work and more. join us!
read more >

 





latest newssafeguarding webinar materials now availablethe recording, powerpoint and other materials from the nbo safeguarding webinar on saturday 8th february 2025 are now availableread more ...4:19 pm 12 feb 2025webinar: safeguarding for buddhist charitiesa free webinar for those running buddhist charities in england and wales. saturday 8th february 2025 10am-11am online whatread more ...11:36 am 13 dec 2024 read more news >













 © copyright 2025 network of buddhist organisations
 










 

sitemap
privacy policy
footer menu 
 





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept all reject allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept
























