











home - distinctively diva

































































































00

















home
about us
shop
blog
diva connections
beauty diva
sample products
bizdiva
nana bakes for you
diva chapters

  


























friendship 
							women for women
 meet the divas! 
							july 8, 2022 
							 



taking care of the golden goose 
							june 26, 2022



advice 
							 



one weekend in paris: what to see 
							december 10, 2018 
							


travel 
							 



advice 
							the woman i want to be 
							july 14, 2022 
							


 



a haute couture woman in a ready to wear world 
							july 18, 2022 
							

fashion 
							 



how to break the curse on love 
							august 8, 2022
advice 
							 


 











































please leave this field empty
oh hi there it’s nice to meet you.
sign up to receive awesome content in your inbox, every month.

first name
email address *

we don’t spam! read our privacy policy for more info.

check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 



















advicelovehow to break the curse on loveseptember 1, 2022september 1, 2022 

this summer's garden taught me how to break a curse that had plagued me for years. i took to heart a remark someone had made to me in a relationships class: "you'll never be able to have a relationship if you can't keep your plants alive."

0 comments81read more
share:

facebook
twitter
pinterest


 




1
2
next











welcomemaureen o’creanfor me, diva means light of the divine, from the sanskrit translation. let your light shine bright.








 

popular postsgrand gatsby’s party detailsfebruary 4, 2023how to break the curse on loveseptember 1, 2022beauty diva by distinctively divaaugust 11, 2022














instagram @distinctivelydiva
























heading





























click here to change this text
































please leave this field empty
oh hi there it’s nice to meet you.
sign up to receive awesome content in your inbox, every month.

first name
email address *

we don’t spam! read our privacy policy for more info.

check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 


















privacy policy / distinctively diva by maureen o'crean © 2022 / all rights reserved		







we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept












we are a women-for-women business. 20% of our profits are donated to abedofmyown.org
































































