





carib inn – bruce bowker's dive resort




























































skip to content




+599 717 8819
j. a. abraham blvd 46, bonaire
 

book online
 





 
carib inn
bruce bowker's dive resort







menu
 
rooms
diving
news
about us
 +599 717 8819
j. a. abraham blvd 46, bonaire
 book online
 































required fields are followed by *


			check-in:			*






			check-out:			*






				guests:			



						1					

						2					

						3					

						4					

						5					

						6					

						7					

						8					








 




welcome to the carib inn 
					your home away from home				


a dive resort that treats guests like family
bruce bowker’s carib inn combines lovely, simple accommodations, an onsite padi 5-star dive center, an emphasis on first-class customer service, and value to create an experience guests love.  located at the water’s edge, this cherished bonaire dive resort is a caribbean classic.  for over 40 years, the carib inn has established itself as place where guests return year after year, decade after decade.





 

hotel rooms 


 

diving 


 

about the carib inn 




  



  first stayed here in the 1990's when it was own by bruce bowker.  very simple, small, clean lodging and reasonably priced. nice pool, right on the water.  it... read more caters to divers but you are not required to be one. no restaurants, bars or casinos.  you can swim from the dock which is nice. also, there is a deck you can hang out on. quick hop to the down town and the restaurants.  one thing to know is there appears to be what sounds like rather large dogs that are next-door that carry on in the middle of the night.  we were regularly woken by them.  also, for some reason one of the staff members can be cranky and unfriendly...not sure why.   everyone else is great.  all in all a good place to stay. 
  pamo1january 9, 2023 




  bruce bowker was an institution for more than a generation. the dive shop is now run by chris and colleagues and they are excellent. they are very qualified, experienced, and... read more helpful. you can trust them to service your gear 
  carsten eoctober 26, 2022 




  love this place, relaxing  great diving right from their pier.
friendly helpful staff.
nice sunsets and pool.
small comfortable rooms with either full kitchens or fridge and microwave.
well... read more stocked dive shop with someone who can fix dive gear.
walking distance to town and restaurants and supermarkets for provisions.
was worried after bruce passed but it hasn't changed, still a great little dive resort in paradise.
will recommend and return. 
  bukagirlaugust 22, 2022 



 



  i ended up being a last minute addition to a group of friends diving in bonaire so i was unable to book the same resort, but could not have been... read more happier about it!  i found carib inn based on proximity to my friends' resort and happened upon quite the gem.  the rooms are basic, yes, but how much time do you really spend in them?  i loved that i had a full fridge and freezer along with a small kitchenette with dolishes and a microwave.  the room was also very clean and the ac worked great :).  it is really nice to be able to have breakfast or a mid day snack and not have to go out to a restaurant.  the best part (in my opinion) is the dock with 2 levels of seating, plenty of comfy chairs and a grill for everyone to use.  everyone there were very friendly and the email communication prior to arrival was wonderful. the dive shop is packed full of everything i could've asked for/needed.  i am so glad i saw this place and can't wait to return. more 
  khines84may 10, 2022 




  the island is finally opening and going back to the inn is like going to visit family. the diving is great. the rooms are clean and roomy. it is close... read more enough to walk to the downtown area and enjoy the many restaurants. 
  donaldbf6123chmarch 5, 2022 




  the island is finally opening and going back to the inn is like going to visit family. the diving is great. the rooms are clean and roomy. it is close... read more enough to walk to the downtown area and enjoy the many restaurants. 
  donald bmarch 5, 2022 





 









contact

j. a. abraham blvd 46, bonaire



t: +599 717 8819


e: info@caribinn.com


whatsapp: (+599) 787-5260


open: everyday 8-5pm

 


recent posts


ecotourism


eco-lake


major innovations in snorkeling


bonaire’s mystery rocks


mad fax


 

additional resourcesbonaire island tax
marine park fee
hotel faq’s
hotel cancellation policy
padi e-learning
 



tripadvisor
instagram
facebook
twitter
youtube
 

			© 2025 carib inn all rights reserved              site developed & hosted by hatobranch 



























