





vnv – australia






























		skip to content










 





homeabout uscontact usblog 







homeabout uscontact usblog 

 







 







main menu

 









homeabout uscontact usblog 




















this is daunfarm

veg farms.australia.



learn about the future of australia vegetable farming.


learn more




 







3000 melbourne victoria australia









produce

australian farming and produce in very important part of our economy, learn how to buy local and get healthy local produce.


view produce








vegetable







fruit







dairy










our story

about me

 i am a life-long vegetarian living in melbourne, australia. i was brought up in the uk and have traveled extensively enjoying the assorted and wonderful foods of the world. i love cooking and i love discovering wonderful vegetarian options when eating out. most of all i just love eating! 
all our farm decks are built and maintained by mbv verandah builders.
looking for an out standing seo agency in melbourne? then check out calibre9


read more











chemical free

ultricies mattis sit iaculis in.








fresh & healthy

eget lacus facilisi enim nec.








100% organic

lacinia nisl arcu adipiscing.







our farm

the home for our farm.natural. sustainable.


learn more






 




nutrient film technique
propagation systems
medical crop systems
electronics & lighting





nutrients & additives
heated propagator
propagating material
automatic vent-opener








our story

what people say about us


view all








jta has helped businesses comply with asbestos regulations and have run asbestos audits in melbourne for over 30 years.


 

anna cynthia









our range of tile sealing products are formulated to provide either a good, better or best type of performance based on the needs of the customer – sealers plus


 

joelle reign











our farm is supported by
 


 

margaret suzanne











irrigation control and water management systems implemented by dryman waterproofing brisbane

ricardo silva






 







 







copyright © 2025 vnv |
 







 scroll to top


























