







antique fishing reels - free appraisals - reel history & photos -





























































skip to content
















561-818-1081 


















ed@antiquefishingreels.com 
































antique fishing reels






the most comprehensive reel site on the internet























 
homereel makers big game & salt water reels photos & info fly fishing reelsphotos & info casting reelsphotos & info spinning reelsphotos & infoother tackle vintage rod gallery misc. tackle gallery vintage photo gallerybig game reels big game & salt water reels photos & info what is a big game reel? history and evolution vintage photo galleryabout uscontact us








 































welcome to antique fishing reels.






this site is dedicated to people who are interested in finding out the history and value of their antique fishing reels.  contained in these pages you will find information to help you identify your reel, assess the condition and age of your reel, and also determine what your reel is worth.  there are also comprehensive lists of reel manufacturers with lots of old photos to make it easy for you to identify and find out the value of your reel.  be sure to visit our vintage photo gallery full of wonderful big game fishing photos from days gone by.  please feel free to contact me if you are interested in selling your old fishing reel or if you just want a free appraisal.


















collector paying top dollar for high quality fishing reels






please feel free to give me a call or drop me an e-mail and i will do my best to help you determine the value of your reel. i also pay top dollar for high quality fishing reels!











call between 9:00am and 8:30 pm est:
561-818-1081
or email: ed@antiquefishingreels.com








click to contact us
































learning more about your reel and its maker






to start finding out more about your reel and its maker, click on one of the four selections below that most closely matches the type of reel that you own.  there are photos and information on many manufacturers listed in each section.

















salt water reels 


learn more



 



















fly reels 


learn more



 



















casting reels 


learn more



 



















spinning reels 


learn more



 






















about us






since the early 1980's, ed pritchard has been researching and collecting high-quality antique fishing reels, rods and lures with an emphasis on big game reels by such makers as kovalovsky, coxe, hardy, vom hofe, and fin-nor and fly fishing reels by leonard, vom hofe, and hardy just to name a few.  in his quest for antique reels, ed has been “on the road with charles kuralt” and was featured on the history channel’s “modern marvels".  ed has also worked closely with the international game fish association hall of fame & museum in dania beach florida as well as with johnny morris and bass pro shops.








for more information about ed - click to visit our "about us" page.





click for more info






















reels as big as your head!






i am always interested in purchasing big game reels marked with the following names and made by the following makers:















kovalovsky
fin-nor
a.j. stead
c.r. klein
holzmann
reel king
bannister
endicot wilson
bronson coxe
ohio tool co.












lee's
j.a. coxe
hoesel
atlanta
garey
super marlin
g.w. gayle
b.f. meek
landem
tasman












hardy bros.
stevens
schauffler
knowles
otto zwarg
swordfish
makoora
neptuna
thompson
montague












mitchell-henry
e. vom hofe
j. vom hofe
crawford
farlow
samsom
ocean city
gar wood jr.
lenz
martina

















































for a look at some photos and a bit of history about big game reels and their makers -





click for photos & histories











to find out what makes a reel a big game reels and to see a list of big game reel manufacturers -





click for info & list











to see some vintage photos of big game fishing personalities and their catches -





click for vintage photos






















ready to find out more?
for more information about the value of your reel or if you are interested in selling it please feel free to contact us.






click to contact us





















casting & fly fishing reels






here is a short list of the high quality reels that i am looking for. 































































fly reels







h.l. leonard
edward vom hofe
julius vom hofe
seamaster
hardy bros.
fin-nor
philbrook & paine
billinghurst
otto zwarg
talbot - ben hur
a.l. walker
meek - no. 44
kosmic
s.e. bogdan











casting reels







meek
b.c. milam
w.h. talbot
meek & milam
heddon
g.w. gayle & son 
ustonson
julius vom hofe
edward vom hofe
t.h. chubb - henshall von antwerp
arjon
abbie & imbrie
j. deally
kitchen's reel

















































































how to determine the value of your reel















what makes a reel valuable 
find out all the factors that go into to determining what makes a reel valuable.



click to find out more


 

















reel manufacturers  
view our list of reel makers whose reels tend to be valuable.



click to find out more


 

















grade your reel's condition 
use our reel grading chart to determine your reel's condition.



click to find out more


 






















other vintage fishing tackle





















i am also looking for high quality antique fishing tackle including:









vintage rods - lures - photos - creels - fishing club pins & patches - old fishing flags - trophies - antiquarian books.  if you have something interesting, give me a call.
















visit our miscellaneous tackle gallery, and take a look at some great vintage tackle from the past.





click for gallery






















vintage fishing photo gallery






what was it like to fish with ernest hemingway, zane grey & michael lerner?






here are just a few of the vintage photos from our extensive collection.  we also buy photos.





















































































































for a look at more vintage photos and more information about some famous fishing personalities - click the info button here.





click for more info






















contact ed






please feel free to call, text, or e-mail me if you are interested in selling your antique reel or fishing collectibles.  i pay top collector prices for high-quality fishing equipment.  also, if there are any questions you may have regarding your antique fishing reels please feel free to call between the hours of 9:00am to 8:00pm est.  please do not call even to leave a message after 8:00pm est, thank you. you can also text me at any time with messages and pictures at the phone number listed below.
you can also send me an e-mail, with or without photos, to the e-mail address listed below, please include your phone number if you wish a call back.  i am always happy to give free appraisals.  thank you!






our contact info:






phone: 561-818-1081
if no answer: please leave a message and i will get back to you soon.
email: ed@antiquefishingreels.com













 









 name (required)
 
 email (required)
 
 phone
 
 message
 
 upload images (up to 3 images only:  jpg, png, or gif)














 















get in touch with us!













561-818-1081 














ed@antiquefishingreels.com 











quick links






contact us
reel grading system
high quality makers
large production reel companies











galleries






big game & salt water reels
fly fishing reels
casting reels
spinning reels
vintage fishing photos
vintage rods
misc. tackle


















©2025 antique fishing reels - all rights reserved   |   design by: virtual dreamz, inc.






















 
scroll to top




















