











william davidson institute at the university of michigan















































































menumenuour work

education & trainingenergyhealthcareperformance measurement & impact
about us

who we areour peopleannual reportsstudent opportunitiesjobs
news & eventscontact us   





wdi publishing
nextbillion












our vision 
								
a world where thriving businesses in emerging markets are at the forefront of fostering healthy and sustainable futures.


 


our mission 
								
to power entrepreneurs, enterprises, and ecosystems in emerging markets with the business tools to succeed—and scale impact.


 








 








 





who we are 



wdi is a solutions-driven non-profit affiliated with the university of michigan that operates at the intersection of education, entrepreneurship, and impact across emerging markets. we are dedicated to unlocking the power of business to tackle critical global challenges and drive inclusive economic growth.we’re not just solving for business—we’re solving for the future.we mobilize entrepreneurs, investors, governments, and academia to drive pioneering solutions across health, climate-health, and energy. 













								a knowledge builder							







							we deliver research-based business insights and actionable tools to enhance decision making.						










 










								an enterprise accelerator							







							we equip entrepreneurs and accelerators with skills and strategies for scale and impact.						










 










								a systems catalyst							







							we strengthen ecosystems and unlock funding through powerful partnerships and catalytic collaboration.						
















what drives us 










 




							entrepreneurs lead						


						entrepreneurs in emerging markets are stepping up to tackle the world’s toughest challenges, from just energy transitions to equitable health care access, but face significant barriers from startup to scale.					









 




							context matters						


						best practices and cross-learning can accelerate scale, but don’t always translate to every setting. business solutions thrive when adapted to local and regional needs.					









 




							systems scale						


						strong leadership across the entire innovation ecosystem is critical to overcoming market barriers and delivering inclusive, scalable solutions.					









 




							data drives impact						


						measuring what matters ensures businesses deliver meaningful change that lasts.					












 










why it matters 



the challenges we face—from just energy transitions to health care access—are urgent and complex. solving them requires collaboration, innovation, and action at scale.the size and speed of our impact reflect the strength of our partnerships and the interconnectedness of our work. together, we’re proving that scaling businesses can change systems—and change lives. 












 







what sets us apart 





 








 




							business-driven, system-focused						


						we blend entrepreneurship expertise with a deep focus on ecosystem-level transformation.					









 




							global connector						


						operating across markets, we connect the dots to enable cross-learning and support businesses at every growth stage.					









 




							proven insights						


						our work is backed by top-tier research from the university of michigan, inspired by michigan’s vibrant innovation ecosystem, and informed by our decades of experience in business education, leadership development, entrepreneurship support, and impact measurement in emerging markets.					














where we focus 





 





we tackle challenges that can transform lives and economies at scale, focusing on: 














						energy & mobility					

						driving just transitions to clean tech, electric mobility, and sustainable energy solutions.					

















						climate-health					

						scaling business solutions to clean cooking, cooling, water and sanitation.					

















						health					

						revolutionizing access to pioneering health tech and private health delivery.					



















featured work 







 


				nextbillion: the gender aspect of the e-mobility transition			
 

 


				webinar: e-mobility around the world—lessons and opportunities from mexico, costa rica and the philippines			
 

 


				webinar: how research is sparking innovation in incubators and accelerators and the entrepreneurs they serve			
 



 previous


 next











news & viewswdi names rajat chabba senior director of innovation, partnershipswdi names rajat chabba senior director of innovation, partnershipstuesday, january 21, 2025wdi has named rajat chabba as senior director of innovation and partnerships, a new position for the institute. chabba plays a pivotal role for wdi in building strategic partnerships and catalytic collaborations.read morea decade of dedicationa decade of dedicationwednesday, january 15, 2025since 2015, the william davidson institute and its partners have provided ngo leadership workshops to non-profit leaders from across central and southeastern europe. in october, 25 ngo leaders from across ukraine attended the interactive management training sessions in warsaw, poland, designed to empower ukrainian civil society amidst the ongoing war. read morecommercializing next-gen energy and mobility solutionscommercializing next-gen energy and mobility solutionsmonday, november 11, 2024the next big energy and mobility technology breakthroughs can come from anywhere in the world, and many have their roots in university labs and research centers. building on more than three years of collaboration, wdi is partnering with multiple stakeholders in the state of chihuahua, mexico to create new pathways for energy and mobility tech innovations to leap from the lab to commercial application.read morewebinar: e-mobility around the worldwebinar: e-mobility around the worldwednesday, october 16, 2024wdi invites you to a learning webinar featuring ev leaders in costa rica, mexico and the philippines. each with a different market perspective, this public wdi discussion will reveal how emerging actors and new collaborations are energizing the ev value chain.read more





william davidson institute on linkedin (link opens in a new window)william davidson institute on twitter (link opens in a new window)william davidson institute on youtube (link opens in a new window)william davidson institute on facebook (link opens in a new window)william davidson institute on instagram (link opens in a new window) 

sign up for our newsletter 

mailing address:
724 e. university ave., wyly hall, 1st floor
ann arbor, michigan 48109-1234 usa

physical address:
1000 oakbrook drive, suite 300
ann arbor, michigan 48104-6815 usap: +1.734.763.5020 
©2025 william davidson institute, all rights reserved.


back to top














stay informed 



subscribe to our monthly newsletter to learn how wdi solves for business in low- and middle-income countries as well as news about upcoming events. 











								first name							




								last name							




								email*							



 





subscribe
















































