               
	american counseling association - home for professional counseling
 

 

 














store


connect


my aca





































welcome 


my account
logout










                login
            



























learn about counseling 


what is counseling?


counselor stories


counseling impact


provider directories


counseling corner




membership 


join now


value of membership


membership tiers


awards


membership savings program




advocacy 


about our advocacy



                    federal & state issues
                


medicare coverage for counseling




counseling compact


take action


advocacy resources




events &education 


events


aca conference & expo


continuing education




publications & news 


about our publications


books



                    counseling journals
                


journal of counseling & development


the career development quarterly


counselor education and supervision


journal of addictions & offender counseling


journal of employment counseling


the journal of humanistic counseling


the journal of multicultural counseling and development




counseling today magazine


media center




resources 


ethics



                    topics
                


professional counseling


assessment, diagnosis & treatment


cultural identities, multiculturalism & diversity


special considerations


modalities




licensure requirements


practice briefs


research & reports


competencies


career center




about aca 



                    who we are
                


meet our staff




leadership & governance


divisions, regions and branches


strategic plan


values & statements


media kit


aca foundation


work at aca!


year in review 




















we are the home for professional counseling.advancing mental health and well-being through advocacy, community, inclusion and research.learn more about our mission







2025 conference & expo
registration is now open! join us march 27–29 in orlando. 








support marginalized communities
explore our resources 













what is the counseling compact?the counseling compact is an agreement among states to legislatively recognize other states’ counseling licenses.» learn more about the compact


latest update:





washington, d.c. signs interstate counseling compact legislation


                    oct 31, 2024
                




track our progress & learn more






















featured publication
counseling today magazinethis award-winning text translates the theoretical foundations of solution-focused counseling.read the latest issue







latest news










aca elects victoria kress as 2025–2026 president-elect


feb 5, 2025|1 min read

we are pleased to announce the 2025–2026 aca president-elect. victoria kress, phd, has been to elected aca leadership and will begin her term on july 1, 2025.








aca engages 119th congress on mental health priorities


jan 13, 2025|2 min read

aca proudly participated in january welcome receptions for the 119th congress. aca met with lawmakers to address america’s growing mental health crisis and advocate for licensed professional counselors (lpcs)








reflections on the 2024 samhsa obhe conference: a milestone for behavioral health equity


dec 24, 2024|2 min read

2024 samhsa office of behavioral health equity (obhe) conference, themed "re-envisioning the behavioral health workforce focusing on underserved communities," highlighted transformative efforts to promote equity in mental health & substance use care. 








aca responds to apa's recommendations for training, licensure and regulations for masters-degree psychology professionals


dec 5, 2024|2 min read

aca’s governing council submitted a public statement to apa’s “proposed title and draft scope of practice” during the comment period, which ended on november 24, 2024.








washington, d.c. signs interstate counseling compact legislation


oct 31, 2024|2 min read

the dream of many licensed professional counselors to practice across state lines continues to move forward with mayor muriel bowser signing counseling compact legislation for enactment in her city. 








centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) october developments


oct 21, 2024|2 min read

cms’s office of minority health shared the coverage to care initiative and the roadmap to behavioral health to help people understand what behavioral health and substance use services are available. 








doe funding for school-based mental health services


oct 18, 2024|2 min read

on october 17th, the department of education announced it will provide $70 million in grants to support school-based mental health services. 








senators urge permanent extension of telehealth flexibilities for medicare beneficiaries


oct 3, 2024|2 min read

a bipartisan group of senators sent a letter to senate majority leader chuck shumer (d-ny) and senate minority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky) urging them advance the connect for health act, which would permanently extend telehealth medicare beneficiaries.








millions allocated for behavioral health education, training, and community programs


sep 30, 2024|1 min read

the substance abuse and mental health services administration (samhsa) announced an additional $68.5 million in grants to support behavioral health education, training, and community programs. 








how counselors can advocate during suicide prevention month


sep 12, 2024|2 min read

during suicide prevention month in september, aca applauds several major recent step that the federal government has taken steps to assist those in crisis and improve mental healthcare accessibility. 








white house announces new mental health and substance use parity rule


sep 9, 2024|2 min read

the white house released a new rule about mental healthcare parity. the rule requires health insurance plans to provide the same level of mental healthcare coverage as they do with physical healthcare coverage. 








samhsa announces $45.1 million in grant awards


aug 12, 2024|1 min read

samhsa announced that it will be awarding $45.1 million in grants to support mental health and substance use services. the agency particularly emphasized funding for children and youth services, allocating $15.3 million specifically for this group.








new substance abuse and mental health services administration (samhsa) funding opportunities


jul 22, 2024|1 min read

samhsa has announced new funding opportunities for supporting women’s behavioral health. the community-based maternal behavioral health services program allocates $15 million for improving access to maternal mental health and substance use treatment.








final behavioral health parity rule submitted to the white house


jul 11, 2024|1 min read

the u.s. department of labor submitted its final rule on behavioral health parity regulations. the proposed rule would strengthen the mental health parity and addiction 








white house administration commits $27.5 million to women’s behavioral health


jul 10, 2024|2 min read

the american counseling association applauds the biden administration for creating new funding opportunities to enhance women’s behavioral health. 








bradley erford named incoming editor of aca flagship journal


jul 2, 2024|3 min read

bradley t. erford, phd, a vanderbilt university professor and expert on psychoeducational tests and counseling outcomes research, has been named incoming editor of the journal of counseling & development (jcd)








christine suniti bhat begins term as president of american counseling association


jun 27, 2024|2 min read

christine suniti bhat, phd, an ohio university professor and an expert on cyberbullying prevention, begins her term as 2024-2025 president of the american counseling association on july 1.








rhode island becomes 37th state to sign interstate counseling compact into law


jun 27, 2024|3 min read

the dream of many licensed professional counselors to practice across state lines continues to move forward with governor daniel mckee signing into law his state's counseling compact legislation.








journal explores the experiences of minority and young populations within lgbtq+ community


jun 18, 2024|3 min read

the experiences and mental health of children, youth and marginalized groups within the lgbtq+ community is the focus of a special two-part series in the journal of lgbtq issues in counseling. 








minnesota becomes 36th state to sign interstate counseling compact into law


may 31, 2024|2 min read

the dream of many licensed professional counselors to practice across state lines continues to move forward with governor tim walz signing into law his state's counseling compact legislation.











go to media center






















2461 eisenhower avenue, suite 300, alexandria, va. 22314 | 800-347-6647 | (fax) 800-473-2329my aca     join now      contact us     privacy policy     terms of use     © all rights reserved.













       
