




swimming pools - find reputable pool builders near you

























































 skip to main content
skip to footer
builders by provincegautengwestern capekwazulu nataleastern capefree statelimpopompumalanganorthern capenorth westinspirational poolspool water servicescompare quotes
find the best swimming pool professionals near youpoolbuilders.co.za has been assisting south african home owners connect with the best pool builders for their needs since 2004. we do this by listening to you. south africans, like you, have been helping us refine our network for over 20 years.
use the builders by province menu or choose one of our most popular cities below:
whether you’re looking for luxury pool designs in pretoria or need reliable pool construction services in sandton, our directory connects you with the best swimming pool professionals. discover centurion’s top pool builders or explore innovative pool solutions in midrand. even in the vibrant community of soweto, we have listings for all your pool building needs.
reputable pool buildersjoin sa's leading pool professionalsdo you have the skill, reputation and integrity to build dream swimming pools for south african home owners? 
join sa's leading pool directoryconnecting sa home owners with reputable swimming pool companies for 20 yearsbuilding memories since 2004poolbuilders.co.za is dedicated to assisting people throughout south africa in your quest to find a reputable swimming pool builder near you. we have several top pool builders and swimming pool products showcased here to help you plan and budget your new pool or pool renovation project.
each pool builder has their own gallery of swimming pools to provide you with many inspiring ideas along with full contact details.
use our simple quotation request forms to get quick and personalised price estimates from multiple companies or request quotes directly from your prefered contractors.
generate comparative pool quotes nowgauteng swimming pool buildersfeatured pool builders by provincewe have many swimming pool builders operating throughout gauteng. these builders are experienced in the local conditions and understand the specific challenges of working in this province. view all gauteng pool builders or check out the four featured builders below.style councilnature pools, constructed river streams, rock embankments and waterfalls to stylish entrance-way koi ponds, lap pools, commercial, beach pools and jacuzzis.homexterior poolshomexterior pools was established 35 years ago and has become a leader in the swimming pool industry.quality poolsquality pools has been around since 1965 and has built its reputation on the quality of its pools as well as its ability to interpret a client's designs and exceed his expectations.cosmo poolscosmo pools is a local, nspi award winning, manufacturer and installer of superior fibreglass swimming pools. their unique, internationally accepted, installation method sets them apart.view all gauteng pool builders by citythe top gauteng cities that our pool builders operate in and included below. tap to view builders in a specific city.pretoriacenturionmidrandalbertonjohannesburgbenonisandtonatteridgevilleirenekempton parkgermistonboksburgbrakpanalexandrarandburgview all gauteng pool builderswestern cape pool buildersthe western cape is one of the top two provinces on poolbuilders.co.za. our editorial crew has personally selected the four featured builders represented here, but you will find many more excellent builders represented on the city pages listed below, or you can explore all western cape pool builders.style councilnature pools, constructed river streams, rock embankments and waterfalls to stylish entrance-way koi ponds, lap pools, commercial, beach pools and jacuzzis.pride pools internationalpride pools international was founded by graham & paul thorne who bring more than 80 years of expertise to the industry. we pride ourselves on the reputation we have built over the years.extreme poolsextreme pools is a leading supplier of quality fibreglass swimming pools in cape town, south africa. theyare able to provide a great deal for new pool owners.suburban poolssuburban pools promises to build you a pool of the highest standard, with the least possible inconvenience, at a competitive price, quickly.view all western cape pool builders by areacape townclaremontstrandgeorgeknysnadurbanvillestellenboschhoutbayworcesterparrowmossel baypaarlswellendamoudtshoorncamps bayview all western cape builderspools unconstrained by budgetlet’s face it, amazing swimming pools are pricey. if you are a person of impeccable taste, with the money to match, we have some amazing examples of prestigious pools just for you.
© visability.co.za 2024website usageterms of service
privacy policy
contact us
pool typesnatural swimming pools
areascompare quotes 
gautengwestern capekwazulu nataleastern capefree statelimpopompumalanganorthern capenorth westgenerate free quotessimply complete the form below and we will provide you with full quotations from pool builders in your area. the process takes you less than two minutes to complete and saves you hours trying to find the best quotes.




 

1






2






3




our simple 3 step process will take you less than 2 minutes to complete and will provide you with full quotations from reputable pool builders in your area. save hours and see exactly what your dream pool will cost.
step 1: project info
first, we need some basic information about your swimming pool project.


pool project type *
new pool
repair
renovation




-preferred style-beach poolcommercial poolconcrete poolfibreglass pooldiy poolfish pondnature poolrock poolspa pool 





pool length (m) *

estimate if unsure



width (m) *

estimate if unsure



we need some basic info before we can continue. let us know about your pool project type. this includes width and length. you can estimate it if you are not sure. next



step 2: area
nice! see how easy this is? help us find the best builders for you by providing us with your province, suburb and city. simply start typing in your suburb, and our system will suggest a few options. 



suburb and city *



province

eastern capefree stategautengkwazulu-natallimpopompumalanganorth westnorthern capewestern cape 





back next



final step: quote details
fantastic! now, all we need to know is how we can get the free quotes to you. provide us with the necessary info, and we will get the quotes to you right away. 
































send quotes


 









































