

wooden kayak designs by one ocean kayaks
















this site is dedicated 
      to design and construction of high performance wooden sea kayaks.




















  building 
      your fast and beautiful wood strip or plywood sea kayak is 
      a very fulfilling experience but paddling your own creation in the 
      vastness of the ocean is a blast that 
      defies description!

      i hope that you find everything you would like to know about building wood 
      strip or stitch and glue kayaks from paper plans 
      all the way to varnishing. wooden kayaks have quite a bit of character and 
      when you build one, don't be surprised when people on the beach start flocking 
      to your kayak asking how you built such a thing of beauty.









what is wood strip 
          construction? - in the simplest terms, it is bead 
          and cove cedar strips glued together edge to edge over a form (mold) 
          and then covered on both sides by fiberglass cloth and epoxy. the result 
          is a high tech structure called the "composite 
          sandwich core".

          today, the use of cores - both foam and wood - span the spectrum from 
          fast rowing shells to competition yachts and even power racers. wooden 
          kayaks, too, belong to this sophisticated family and therefore share 
          all the advantages that sandwich core has to offer:

 lightweight monocoque shell uncompromised hull form strength & stiffness the real advantages of wood strip or plywood kayaks will quickly become 
        apparent to the builder during construction as well: 
        
 simplicity - perfect for first time builders with little 
            woodworking experience inexpensive - the lowest material cost for an efficient high 
            performance wooden hull few simple woodworking tools quick building time - paddle kayak like this in only 
            2 or 3 months!want to learn more? - the
wood kayak page sheds some light on what 
        to expect from a wood strip kayak and should answer some of your questions.







      wood strip manual
 

stitch & glue manual
 

wooden 
      sea kayak designs - recreational and high performance wood 
      strip kayaks, plans and design specs...

kayak plans  - see what is in the one ocean 
      kayak plans package.
stich & glue 
      kayak plans - fast to build "greenland hardchine" plywood 
      kayak. also available with wood strip deck as hybrid 
      kayak!

stitch and glue kits 
      - even complete beginners can now build a high performance plywood kayak 
      quickly with all the parts pre-cut.

kayak rudder plans & kits- composite 
       carbon fiber rudders for do-it-yourselfers 
      ! 

wood kayak building manual - detailed and 
      heavily illustrated guide to building wooden kayaks from a to z.
stich & glue 
      sea kayak manual - the 'how to' of stich and glue kayak building 
      with 170 color drawings and cad illustrations.
 
choosing a sea kayak - a few considerations 
      and tips about selecting the right type of sea kayak to fit your size, skill 
      and paddling style. some points about kayak seaworthiness and design. 
       

one ocean kayaks gallery - some pictures 
      of my wooden kayaks. different views, angles...

kayak builders' gallery 
      - look at what other 
      builders are doing with their one ocean kayaks.

custom built kayaks - 
      if you just must have one 
      of these but have no time to build it.

new to kayak building? - check out my kayak 
      shop to see how wood strip kayaks evolve from paper plans to glistening 
      gems. ! warning ! browsing through these 
      pages may result in kayak building addiction! tons of tips and hundreds 
      of pictures.

hydrostatics - confused by prismatic 
      coefficient, %lcb or vertical center of buoyancy? click 
      here for definitions of terms used in hull design and all one ocean 
      kayaks technical specs.  





search



              one ocean kayaks
for
 




 
kayaks comparison page - see 
      how one ocean kayak designs compare side by side, in scale, size as well 
      as wave and viscous resistance.

kayaks in plans - cannot find 
      the right size kayak? this page features a few resized versions of existing 
      one ocean kayaks designs. 

abrasion resistant fabrics, fiberglass & carbon 
      - fabrics for covering wooden sea kayaks and for extra abrasion protection. 
      see how dynel, olefin, xynole and plain fiberglass compare in impact resistance. 
      syntex - a wooden boat builder's dream?

the epoxy test - planning to fiberglass but 
      can't decide what epoxy to choose for your wooden kayak? six popular clear 
      coating epoxy types and a varnish are currently being tested for uv resistance 
      and environmental damage.

composite sandwich core - see the mechanical 
      principles behind this lightweight, yet amazingly strong structure. 

materials - minicel foam for kayak seats 
      and other 'stuff' i use to build rudders, 
      foot braces, bead and cove router bits to mill your strips etc...




  this 
      site currently contains 160mb of kayak building instructions, tips, material 
      information and a couple thousand photos. it has always been my intention 
      to provide content you can actually use rather than just links to links. 
      the resources page points to quality sites 
      related to kayak building, kayaking, epoxy and a lot of other information 
      that kayakers may find useful. 

 internet 
      explorer users click 
      here to add this page to your favorites.
netscape users bookmark (ctrl 
      d) this page before you leave. 





home
kayak 
      designs
kayak 
      shop

materials
kayak 
      gallery
about 
      us 


building 
      manual
plans
sandwich 
      core 
wood 
      kayak
order

e-mail



epoxy 
      test 
abrasion 
      cloth
rudder 
      
resources
choosing 
      kayak 
guestbook







  did 
      you like the content on this site? have you learnt anything new? help to 
      make it better with your vote. thank you. 


please rate this site 
        between one and ten, with ten being tops for the see kayak directory.


--- 
          1 
          2 
          3 
          4 
          5 
          6 
          7 
          8 
          9 
          10 
        



awards this site has received


if you notice 
  any problems with the site (i.e. error links, missing images) please, let 
  me know. thanks 
mail:
    vaclav stejskal
    58 wood ln.
    acton, ma 01720
               usa

tel:  781-481-9261

e-mail 

© 1999 
  - 2024 copyright vaclav stejskal
  all rights reserved
last page update: 
  9 may 2024



 





