


finnegans wake
























    
	finnegans wake
	
  
whack fol me darn o, dance to your partner 
whirl the floor, your trotters shake
wasn't it the truth i told you 
lots of fun at finnegan's wake?!!!







thursday, june 19, 2008



	 new at the guardian
    


my take on john mccain's energy policy. one thing i didn't mention is mccain's support for building new nuclear reactors, which would be a good thing.also, there's someone called "barak koffler." my son is a time-traveller?labels: self-promotion



posted by finnegan @ 4:03 pm  
      
         16 comments









	 and now, the grim reaping
    


interesting tidbit from the hill's piece on donald rumsfeld refusing to endorse john mccain for president:rumsfeld declined to comment any further. he also declined a follow-up request for comment on the issue to his personal office.“he has focused his energy on the rumsfeld foundation,” said his aide, keith urbahn. one of the foundation’s goals is to encourage young people to participate in public service.rumsfeld, a staunch republican and defense secretary under bush and president ford, may find himself in a hard place come election day.rumsfeld, a former four-term congressman from illinois and a mentor to vice president cheney, has not completely stayed out of politics this year.“mr. rumsfeld is a republican. he has been helping republican candidates for decades and he continues to do so this year,” said urbahn.i've learned from various inside sources (like a certain meith murbahn*) that the population of rumsfeldland feels completely betrayed by the bush administration and loathes john "[rumsfeld] is one of the worst secdefs in history" mccain even more. even so, i really, really hope they are not obamacons.*pseudonymlabels: death of irony



posted by finnegan @ 11:20 am  
      
         6 comments






sunday, june 15, 2008



	 more bright college years
    


i swear i wouldn't be posting this if i'd ever won anything like it before. ('ov' means overseas not-eu.) notice the female to male ratio. we're worse than physics!



posted by finnegan @ 11:53 pm  
      
         4 comments






friday, april 11, 2008



	 end of the long lonely road
    


yesterday, about 12:30 pm gmt:daniel koffler sent by email to: daniel.koffler@gmail.com  706 ogden ave. teaneck new jersey 07666 usa  ref. isf0809_cb_ 410806  10 april 2008 clarendon fund scholarship  dear dan, congratulations on your admission to the university of oxford. i am delighted to offer you a clarendon fund scholarship to study for the full-time bphil in philosophy at oxford university from october 2008 until september 2010. the clarendon fund was established in 2001 and makes awards to the most academically able international graduate students to study at the university of oxford. around 100 awards were made in 2007/08, which represented less than 5% of the total number of applicants to this prestigious scholarship. your clarendon fund scholarship will cover the following: 100% of the tuition fee for both of the two years of your course 100% of the college fee for both of the two years of your course a full grant for living expenses for both of the two years of your course (£12,940 in  2008/09) if you decide to undertake a dphil upon completion of your bphil degree, you may apply to the clarendon fund for a scholarship to cover the cost of your doctoral studies. the humanities clarendon award panel looks favourably upon such applications. today, about the same time:dear dan,many thanks for getting back to me so quickly. further congratulations are in order as i am now able to confirm that exeter college have decided to accept your application and to award you their peter thompson scholarship to be held in conjunction with the clarendon scholarship. well done on being awarded two prestigious scholarships! as such, i have issued a revised offer letter that is attached to this message.it's been a hellish year. here comes the sun, as they say.



posted by finnegan @ 9:22 am  
      
         8 comments






sunday, february 03, 2008



	 new at the guardian
    


forgot to mention this. last week i had a new piece at cif on the state of the fisa debate. this thing changes almost daily, but my basic contention, which i think stands no matter what happens from here on out, is that harry reid and the senate dems missed a huge opportunity to gain the upper hand, and risked losing everything needlessly. money quote:after six years of the administration using terrorism as a bludgeon against domestic opposition to its national security and foreign policies, the returns on that particular rhetorical trope have terminally diminished. the american people oppose warrantless wiretapping by a 3-to-1 margin, including a majority of republicans. by a similar 3-to-1 margin, they want congress, and not the president, "to take the lead role in setting policy for the country".the democrats should have been able to parley that massive structural advantage into an easy victory on fisa by throttling retroactive immunity for telecoms and toothless oversight provisions in their legislative cradles, putting forward a bill to modernise fisa that includes robust safeguards for civil liberties, and daring the white house and congressional republicans to take a stand on whether national security or extra-constitutional claims of executive power are their top priority.the events of the past week leave no doubt that harry reid has a surfeit of confidence in his dexterity as a parliamentarian. if only he had the backbone to match.also, i'm now blogging with michael weiss at snarksmith.labels: self-promotion



posted by finnegan @ 10:12 pm  
      
         5 comments









	 g-men!
    


whatever happened in this superbowl, there were going to be a bunch of assholes gloating. either it would be a cast of old cranks headlined by mercury morris, plus the manning family, or else the entire state of massachusetts and most of the rest of new england. as with rudy giuliani going down, disaster has been averted.also, go giants!labels: football



posted by finnegan @ 10:07 pm  
      
         5 comments






sunday, january 20, 2008



	 go chargers!
    


their three best players are hurt, they're a slow-starting team against the best front-runners ever, they're a socal team playing in frigid new england --- what could go wrong?five minutes to kickoff. go chargers!update (3:35): 3-0, can't lose now.update (4:32): 14-6, chargers driving inside the 25 with 18 seconds before halftime. stall. about to kick a field goal. the san diego defense has been very impressive containing the pats. take away the interceptions, and it's a very close game.update (4:45): halftime. shannon sharpe's take on the nfc game: "you want to play man-to-man, talent against talent. unfortunately, some woman showed up, and that's mother nature." it's true; chicks ruin football. also, dan marino's cell-phone went off three times during the halftime report. jesus h. christ, laces out, dan.update (5:17): cromartie intercepts brady with ne on the 2 yard line. the san diego defense is pwning new england. the offense is playing damn well too. just fucking finish a drive.update (5:55): goddamn. once again, new england looks beatable, isn't beaten.labels: football



posted by finnegan @ 2:55 pm  
      
         4 comments






friday, january 18, 2008



	 new at pjm
    


i have a piece up called "hillary clinton's democracy problem," about the new york senator's attempt to prevent obama-supporting casino and hotel workers from voting in the nevada caucuses. i wrote the piece just before the ruling came down throwing out the pro-clinton lawsuit, so there are a couple of seams in the tenses, but basically it all stands.one argument against the nevada teachers union suit i didn't mention, and should have, is that the democratic party of nevada is a private organization, the caucuses are its meetings, and it has a right to organize them any way it wants to. if the nevada dems wanted to awarded 99% of the delegates to the winner of the world series of poker, and the remaining 1% to winner of the statewide vote, that would be their right.labels: self-promotion



posted by finnegan @ 12:35 pm  
      
         14 comments






thursday, january 17, 2008



	 new at the guardian
    


at the democratic debate in las vegas the other night, all three candidates pledged to support the odious solomon amendment. no one seemed to notice, including tim russert, who asked the question. i did notice, though.labels: self-promotion



posted by finnegan @ 4:37 pm  
      
         5 comments









vitals
e-mail me: dan koffler
my ydn column: smashing idols
the reasonsphere
hit & run
matt welch
julian sanchez
jesse walker
virginia postrel
tim cavanaugh
ringers
andrew sullivan
josh marshall
crooked timber
matthew yglesias
kevin drum
john cole
leiter reports
pharyngula
gregory djerjian
atrios
mickey kaus
jim henley
radley balko
tnr's plank
balkinization
glenn greenwald
thomas knapp
justin logan
laura rozen
mark kleiman
print culture
arthur silber
tom tomorrow
james wolcott
oxblog
eric muller
majikthise
pandagon
the american scene
daniel drezner
will wilkinson
the volokh conspiracy
intel dump
prequels
johan ugander
dan munz
josh eidelson
future less vivid
sequels
(not)delino deshields
actual god
hidden hand
i am justice
death/media incarnate
(not)marquis grissom
yanqui at cambridge
beneficent allah
mr. wrongway
the hippolytic
discourse decision
tight toy night
mulatto jesus
sago boulevard
immortalized stillicide
nick's corner
dead trees
reason
dissent
the new republic
the new yorker
the atlantic monthly
the american prospect
arts & letters daily
the economist
the nation
yale daily news
virtual reality
wikipedia
stanford encyclopedia of philosophy
symbolic logic into html
slate
salon
the huffington post
crooks and liars
the smoking gun
the smoking gun: bill o'reilly
romenesko
the christopher hitchens web
draft russ
rotten.com's library
urban dictionary
homestar runner
planet rugby
flex online
card player magazine
gawker & such
news
politics
gambling
gossip (ny edition)
gossip (la edition)
cool shit
cars
video games
photoshop fun &c.
travel
macguyver yourself
porn
prepare for the worst
bull moose blog
the corner
instapundit
reel blogs
bathtubyoga
more tk
r.i.p.
jamie kirchick
that girl


about me

name:  finnegan 

view my complete profile



previous posts

new at the guardian
and now, the grim reaping
more bright college years
end of the long lonely road
new at the guardian
g-men!
go chargers!
new at pjm
new at the guardian
the daily show

archives

june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
january 2008
february 2008
april 2008
june 2008









 





