









natural science research laboratory | natural science research laboratory  | ttu










 














texas tech university

directory
raiderlink
a-z index








 natural science research laboratory 


menu
search





ttu
natural science research laboratory  






natural science research laboratory



 


 
 
 
the natural science research laboratory (nsrl) is a division of the museum of texas
                              tech university committed to the mission of building and preserving a library of our
                              planet's natural heritage for education and research purposes. the nsrl has been recognized
                              as a leader in the development and use of innovative methodologies for biological
                              collections care and data management.
the nsrl maintains four major natural history collections: mammals, birds, invertebrate zoology, and genetic resources. these collections are available to researchers at academic, scientific, and government
                              institutions around the world for scientific investigation, discovery, and problem-solving
                              in the natural sciences. the causes and impacts of animal-borne diseases, parasites,
                              climate change, habitat loss, geographic isolation, and natural evolutionary processes
                              and speciation are just a few examples of the investigations that can be conducted
                              utilizing specimens and tissues archived in the nsrl’s collections. further, the resources
                              of the nsrl are utilized by the academic and scientific communities to train and educate
                              students at the undergraduate and graduate levels for careers in the natural sciences
                              as well as museum science.
news
november 2024 dr. jennifer girón (curator of invertebrate zoology), lee harris (graduate student
                              in museum sciences), and undergraduate students lily prescott (natural resources management),
                              shelby hernandez and jill forrest (plant sciences) attended the annual meeting of
                              the entomological collections network (ecn) and the annual meeting of the entomological society of america (entsoc). girón presented two talks at ecn, and the undergraduate students presented
                              posters at entsoc.lily and jill's poster is available here: teaching the teachers: ​outreach to promote entomology​ learning experiences in texas
                                 high schools​.shelby's poster is available here: biodiversity of sweat bees (hymenoptera: halictidae) occurring in the texas high plains.
october 2024 dr. jennifer girón gave a tour of the invertebrate zoology collection to samantha larned and olivia o'rand of kttz, the texas tech radio station for national
                              public radio (npr). a direct link to this great story is available on their website!https://radio.kttz.org/2024-10-30/creepy-crawly-curation-at-lubbock-lab-provides-valuable-bug-research
june 2024  have you discovered the nsrl's facebook page, yet?!  visit here: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61558024030162. please follow the nsrl on facebook for timely posts about events, research updates,
                              wildlife features, and much more! we hope these social media posts will be both informative
                              and entertaining for our research colleagues as well as the general public.  share
                              our posts with your facebook friends to help spread the word about "who we are" and
                              "what we do" at the nsrl! 
april 2024   students who have been working with specimens and samples housed at the nsrl presented
                              their research projects at the 2024 texas tech university undergraduate research conference. representing the invertebrate zoology collection and mentored by dr. jennifer girón
                              (including links to the posters): rachael johnston (department of plant and soil science), lillian prescott (department of natural resources management), shelby hernandez (department of plant and soil science), and joshua winsauer (department of natural resources management). prescott tied for the first place for the leda outstanding presenter energy & environment
                              award and hernandez and collaborators got third place for the leda outstanding presenter
                              in agriculture.  representing the mammal collection and dr. bradley's laboratory in
                              biological sciences: julia carmona cabral.  representing the mammal collection and dr. steven’s laboratory in natural resources
                              management: hannah belinne.
march 2024  we are pleased to announce that seth palmer has been hired as outreach intern for
                              the nsrl.  seth is a current master’s student in the college of media and communications.
                               during his time with the nsrl, seth will be working on various projects to promote
                              the nsrl and its mission via social media, outreach to schools, and other engagement
                              and outreach activities.
march 2024  on 1 march 2024, nsrl collection manager for mammals heidi amarilla-stevens gave an
                              invited presentation on the “importance of scientific collections” to 30 senior biology
                              students at the colegio de biólogos del paraguay (college of biologists of paraguay).
march 2024  the spring 2024 edition of nsrl news is now available!  check it out for updates on the latest nsrl happenings.
march 2024  the nsrl ornithology collection database is now available online. dr. nancy mcintyre,
                              curator of ornithology, and ashley kempken, former graduate student in the museum
                              science program at the museum of texas tech, in collaboration with nsrl curator of
                              collections heath j. garner and curator of invertebrate zoology dr. jennifer c. girón,
                              made the records of the ornithology collection available online through the portal
                              consortium of small vertebrate collections (csvcoll) and the global biodiversity information facility (gbif). the data can also be searched through the nsrl vertebrate database. more than 6,000 records of birds, with an emphasis on texas species, are now publicly
                              available.



database search engine
loan policies
publications

mammals
birds
invertebrate zoology
genetic resources










 natural science research laboratory 



like natural science research laboratory on facebooklike natural science research laboratory on facebook



address
museum of texas tech university, 3301 4th street, lubbock, tx 79409


phone
806.742.2486

email
nsrl.museum@ttu.edu




texas tech university

 2500 broadway lubbock, texas 79409
806.742.2011

follow texas tech university

like texas tech university on facebooklike texas tech university on facebook
follow texas tech university on x (twitter)follow texas tech university on x (twitter)
subscribe to texas tech university on youtubesubscribe to texas tech university on youtube
follow texas tech university on instagramfollow texas tech university on instagram
connect with texas tech university on linkedinconnect with texas tech university on linkedin







contact us
campus map
jobs @ ttu
techalert
general policy information
public access to course info
energy management
mental health resources
title ix
fraud and misconduct hotline
online institutional resumes
texas transparency


ttu system
ttu health sciences center
ttuhsc el paso
angelo state university
midwestern state university
statewide search
state of texas
texas homeland security
texas veterans portal
texas crews
sao fraud reporting
open records requests



© 2025            					 texas tech university
nov 25, 2024 12:59 pm






 natural science research laboratory 

about us


 natural science research laboratory 
about us


back
what we do


 natural science research laboratory 
about us


back
mission and purpose
value of collections
recent research
nsrl updates
history of the nsrl
contact


directory


 natural science research laboratory 
about us


back
curators
staff
research associates
former students


museum of texas tech university


collections


 natural science research laboratory 

back
general information
mammals
birds
invertebrate zoology
genetic resources 
loans
our databases


publications


 natural science research laboratory 
publications


back
publications


 natural science research laboratory 
publications

publications


back
occasional papers
special publications
other publications
author guidelines
copyright information
order a publication




mammals of texas online edition
outreach & engagement


 natural science research laboratory 
outreach & engagement


back
nsrl newsletter
get involved
visit
exhibits
media
educational materials


donate
additional resources
ttu home
directory
raiderlink
a-z index



 












