













































study abroad volunteer abroad, intern abroad teach abroad degrees abroad







skip to main content

   
      toggle navigation     program types all program typesstudy abroadintern abroadvolunteer abroadteach abroadintensive languagefull degreeacademic yearsummerhigh schoolgap yeargraduateresources articlesblogsstudent guidescholarships  start planning your future abroad(or online!)learn morestudyabroadinternabroadvolunteerabroadteachabroadintensivelanguagefulldegree  studying abroad can change the way you see the worldstudy abroad programs give you the opportunity to experience the world as your classroom.  rather than picking things up from books and the internet, navigating a new landscape may open your eyes to culture, history, a new language or your heritage. studying abroad opens the door to personal growth and discovery too. as you learn to say ‘hello’ in a foreign language, make friends, eat exciting new foods, it is bound to boost your confidence, teach you self-reliance and stretch the parameters of your comfort zone.   studying abroad can change the way you see the worldstudy abroad programs give you the opportunity to experience the world as your classroom. rather than picking things up from books and the internet, navigating a new landscape may open your eyes to culture, history, a new language or your heritage. studying abroad opens the door to personal growth and discovery too. as you learn to say ‘hello’ in a foreign language, make friends, eat exciting new foods, it is bound to boost your confidence, teach you self-reliance and stretch the parameters of your comfort zone.  

italyrome|florence|milanenglandlondon|oxford|leedsspainmadrid|barcelona|granadachinabeijing|shanghaiaustraliaperth|sydney|melbournegermanyberlin|munich  what types of study abroad programs are there?you may have heard about studying overseas but are new to actually surfing this site. studyabroad.com has a fantastic way for you to search for study abroad programs by level, type and country. it's easy and visual so you won't get lost. we will walk you through it.search by program level; choose:gap yearhigh schoolundergraduategraduatesearch by program type; choose:intern abroad - if gaining vital job or business skills is important to you, find international internships by country and work type.volunteer abroad - volunteer abroad in a country that interests you, for the amount of time you have whether a week, a month or a year, in the type of volunteer work that would be meaningful to you.teach abroad - teaching abroad is a wonderful way to learn and educate at the same time. get specific; search by country, duration and even audience.intensive language – if immersing yourself in a foreign language sounds stimulating, search by country, duration and naturally the language you want to learn. picture yourself studying italian in florence italy as you take sips of your caffe latte?full degree abroad – if studying overseas appeals to you, but for an extended period, find associates degrees, courses, diplomas, undergraduate and graduate certificates, bachelors, masters and doctorate degrees by country and specialty.search study abroad programs by countrywhether you are starting out in the united states and looking into study abroad programs in europe, or you are in france and you want to earn a masters degree, a doctorate degree, or an undergraduate degree in the us, you can use location as your motivator. in fact, each country may have several popular cities to choose from. consider that each place is an opportunity to study, explore the landscape, art, culture and enjoy making new connections.making it happen: resources and essential infook, you know how to search, but what about the other stuff like scholarships, or what to take with you when you go. read up on useful insider information and other essentials on the blog, or study abroad scholarships page. continued success as you prepare to study abroad!   now trending on studyabroad.com studyabroad.com marketplace - travel services travel gear for studying abroad studyabroad.com marketplace - travel documentation  study abroad: student blogs cea study abroad has unveiled a brand-new design & innovation summer 2021 8-week virtual program! students will earn 6 credits through a virtual i... today i want to share how i became a rocket scientist, from my dreams in middle school to my eventual role at spacex. i want to share snippets of my l... gaining practical work experience is never a bad idea, even amidst a pandemic. when all abroad experiences (study or intern) were cut short in spring...            

    comprehensive program directorystudyabroad.com offers a comprehensive directory of study abroad programs, including summer study abroad, internship, service learning and volunteer abroad programs, high school study abroad, intensive language programs and more, all organized by subject or country or city.  100's of free resourceslearn what's needed for before, during, and after your study abroad experience from our resrouces section. follow the adventures of current study abroad students and read the latest news on all things study abroad in our blogs.   student stories & reviewswe know how important it is to learn about other students' experiences. real student reviews can be found on individual program pages. we're collecting more and more reviews every day, check back often to see what students are saying.   about usfaq  connect with us    privacy policy |  terms of use | legal notice | do not sell (ca and nv residents)© copyright 1995-2023 educationdynamics, llcthe sources for school statistics and data is the u.s. department of education's national center for education statistics and the integrated postsecondary education data system unless otherwise noted. disclosure: educationdynamics receives compensation for the featured schools on our websites (see “sponsored schools” or “sponsored listings” or “sponsored results”). so what does this mean for you? compensation may impact where the sponsored schools appear on our websites, including whether they appear as a match through our education matching services tool, the order in which they appear in a listing, and/or their ranking. our websites do not provide, nor are they intended to provide, a comprehensive list of all schools (a) in the united states (b) located in a specific geographic area or (c) that offer a particular program of study. by providing information or agreeing to be contacted by a sponsored school, you are in no way obligated to apply to or enroll with the school.this is an offer for educational opportunities that may lead to employment and not an offer for nor a guarantee of employment. students should consult with a representative from the school they select to learn more about career opportunities in that field. program outcomes vary according to each institution’s specific program curriculum. financial aid may be available to those who qualify. the information on this page is for informational and research purposes only and is not an assurance of financial aid.   >>

  sources: (i) iesabroad.org/study-abroad/why/career-benefits | (ii) aifsabroad.com/advisors/pdf/aifs_study_abroad_outcomes.pdf  










