







kegel's produce — wholesale fruit & vegetables










































































































            home
          

            produce
          

            about
          

            contact
          





















































































homeproduceaboutcontact







fresh is best!













    click here to place an order
  

 






























 

 

our missionkegel’s produce provides quality produce and excellent customer service to a wide variety of customers. the team at kegel’s produce works together to ensure quality orders are delivered to you. from placing your order to the uniformed delivery person, kegel’s produce strives to exceed your high expectations.our buying department has spent nearly a century establishing connections with growers and suppliers all over the world. these connections give us the edge in quality and versatility. this allows our produce consultants and customer service agents to stay informed of market trends and pricing. kegel’s produce works diligently to keep our customers updated and informed.kegel’s produce is proud to be certified as a member of the american institute of sanitation. the asi and rochester midland audit our facilities regularly for sanitation, food handling and overall cleanliness. kegel’s produce is very proud to have team members on site who are haccp certified. safe food handling and cleanliness are a top priority and we pass the tests with flying colors. as of 2019, kegel’s produce has been certified as an sqf compliant facility. sqf is a globally recognized food safety achievement.kegel’s produce customer service department offers several options for placing your order. an agent can be reached from 6:30 am to 5:00 pm monday through friday and saturday from 7:00 am to 1:00 pm to place your order and answer your questions. a voice mail system will receive your phone calls after 5:00 pm and on sunday. orders received by your cutoff time will be delivered the following day. we will also be happy to customize an order form for your facility to use in the ordering process. this form could also be faxed in by your cutoff time for next day delivery. online ordering is also available for your convenience.thank you for your interest in kegel’s produce. please feel free to call us at 1-800-535-3435 or e-mail us at customerservice@kegels.com with any questions or to schedule a tour of our facilities. we would be happy to show you our home.















































































































































kegel's produce
2851 old tree drive,
lancaster, pa, 17603,
united states
717-392-6612
customerservice@kegels.com


hours
mon 8am - 4pm
tue 8am - 4pm
wed 8am - 4pm
thu 8am - 4pm
fri 8am - 4pm
sat closed
sun closed
























































































reviewsemployment




kegel’s produce © 2025









