







ctta – since 1969































home
membership

benefits
become a member
industry partner search
resources
ctta advocacy

about ctta’s advocacy program
ctta special interest funds


ctta interview series


education

about ctta / ersca education
intro to towing
standard duty training
heavy duty training
tims training
ctta online training certification guidelines & info


login

login to myctta
login to intro to towing


ctta foundation

about the ctta foundation
ctta’s rich chappel industry leaders
ctta foundation scholarship


find roadside service
news

ctta news
events

all events
national move over day




about

about
towing regulatory oversight council home

about t-roc
t-roc meetings
meet t-roc
troc operating principles
apply for t-roc
contact t-roc


board of directors

2023-2024 board of directors
board meetings & minutes
bylaws


contact







menu



facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube 








california tow truck associationprotecting the industry since 1969


ctta is devoted to
professionalism in the towing industryctta 2025 industry leaders
congratulationsstrength in numberswhen trying to get your voice to be heard, it helps to have others with similar intentions join the chorus. the larger our membership, the louder the voice of the towing industry becomes! join to have your voice heard.
committed to advocacywith the addition of the towing regulatory & oversight council (troc) in 2013, ctta members gained a legislative branch dedicated solely to them. see more information here.
world class trainingas we always say, a trained driver is a safe and productive driver. california tow truck association offers incredible training certification at deeply discounted rates to our members. find out more on our training page.







upcoming certification classes:
to view our training calendar and sign up for classes



connect with our industry partners!associate members are companies that do business in the towing industry and would like to support you and ctta. click a category to boost your business!



membership matters
more than meets the eye
in many ways, an association resembles an iceberg, because the part that shows is smaller than the rest.  but it’s even more like a tree, whose roots do such an important job, and without them the might oak or elm would topple over and die.  every tree we see is like a visible part of an organization—its publication, special reports, meetings, and external public relations, etc.  some can be compared to the branches, foliage and needles, others to berries, nuts, and fruit.  but down below out of sight are some of the most important works.  the roots on which the visible association depend includes the board of directors, t-roc, ctta foundation, committees, and staff.  they nourish the organization with ideas and energy to keep it blooming.  continuity reaching, the ensure growth to the rest. they are the firm underpinning that keeps the trunk and branches standing up.  many vital services are performed which members and the public seldom see.  they are important for survival reasons.  if you want your “tree” to grow, be sure to nourish the roots.  support your association by getting involved.

get in touchtell us how we can help!


craig baker
president, california tow truck association
president@ctta.com

how can i help the towing industry?ways to contribute


   

where are we? 643 west stadium lane
sacramento, ca,  95834
phone: (916) 617.2882
fax: (916) 414.3708
ctta@ctta.com

links

towing regulatory oversight council (troc)
ctta facebook
ctta twitter
ctta instagram
ca towforce message board


search ctta.com





 







© copyright 2020 - california tow truck association - enfold theme by kriesi
facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube






scroll to top






