









303® – gold eagle
































































































 




 


















 


















skip to main content



close x


search for:



 search now 



 close 





 





toggle search form













toggle navigation
menu











search for:



 search now 



 close 






all products
automotive
home care
marine
outdoor power equipment
private brands
discover
about us

dealer portal
private brands
contract packaging
international
privacy policy
  close




sta-bil®
303®
trinova®
heet®
104+® performance














303® products - driven by quality

at 303® products, we understand the love and care that goes into maintaining your prized possessions. that’s why for 43 years, car enthusiasts, boaters, and homeowners have trusted us to protect and care for their most valued assets. our standards are high and our attention to detail is meticulous, because we know that your time and memories are priceless.
our mission is to stand the test of time, and our products reflect that. we have a deep understanding of the natural forces that can harm your possessions, like harmful uv rays, high-speed winds, water damage, and the natural wear of time. using this knowledge, we formulate the most effective solutions possible.
from aerospace protectants to auto detailers, and even household cleaners, our portfolio of premium products all share the same philosophy: if it’s important enough to call it your own, it deserves to be treated with products that are driven by quality.
shop all 303® products
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









featured products


303® spray & rinse ceramic sealant


quick ceramic protection in minutes
three simple steps: spray product on wet surface, rinse, and dry
smart formula activates once water makes contact with treated areas
provides six months of hydrophobic protection
use on paint, glass, wheels, metal, and chrome
leaves behind a slick glossy surface


purchase on amazon.com


303® slick shine ceramic detailer


ideal for spot cleanups of dust and fingerprints
highly versatile – use wet or dry
sio2 and carnauba-infused formula
works great on paint, glass, and wheels
quickly increase gloss, depth, and slickness


purchase on amazon.com


303® graphene nano spray coating™


1+ year of premium protection
lowers surface temperature, reducing water-spotting
high water contact angle, sheds water quickly
can be applied on black paint or in direct sunlight
great for use on chrome, wheels, trim, and glass
15.5 oz bottle


purchase on amazon.com


303® graphene detailer


enhances slickness and gloss
use as a topper to reinforce protection
can be applied to wet surfaces as a drying agent
safe and effective on paint, chrome, glass, plastic, and wheels
provides superior uv protection
perfect to use in between car washes
lasts up to 90 days

federal regulations prohibit the shipment of this product by air, ups 3 day, ups 2 day, or us mail. this item is shipped by ups ground only.

purchase on amazon.com














303® is a proud sponsor of mecum auctions














automotive
our 303 automotive line helps you take care of your car like a professional. get that show-room shine, every day, with our car care products.
 





marine
cleaning your boat shouldn’t be a hassle – 303 marine will be your boat’s life-saver.





indoor outdoor
is your patio ready to impress? get party ready with 303 and our line up of multi-surface cleaners & protectants.












partner with us
303 partners with many great manufacturers across various industries. learn how you can join the program and reap all the benefits.
303 oem program


























sign up for our newsletter













about gold eagle


about us
tips & tools
careers
our team
product ingredient disclosure
 

dealer portal
private brands
contract packaging
international
privacy policy
 



how can we help?
consumer support
returns & exchanges
shipping policy
terms & conditions
sds / certifications
 

contact us
4400 s kildare ave
chicago, il 60632
technical support: 800.367.3245
corporate: 773.376.4400






facebook





youtube





instagram





linkedin












© copyright 2025 gold eagle


























































