

chicago coin club









chicago coin club



important news

our meeting on february 12 has been changed to online only!

please, do not go to downtown chicago for this meeting.

this change is due to the weather (snow) forecast.


the chicago coin club is a group of collectors interested in
all aspects of numismatics.
with one exception, we meet monthly in downtown chicago on
the second wednesday of every month at 6:45 pm, with
support for online attendees.
you are always welcome to join us and learn with us.


choose any of the following to learn more about us.
or just scroll through and read it all.


chicago coin club objectives


monthly meetings     
new january 30, 2025


club newsletter


upcoming special events
new january 18, 2024


past special events


special projects     
new november 26, 2023


club items for sale
     


affiliations


membership


club officers and awards
new september 26, 2024





objectives

the objective of the club is to pursue numismatic knowledge
through the study and research of coins, currency, medals,
tokens, and other related items and the sharing of this information
through monthly meetings, dialogue, and the
publication of literature.


the chicago coin club was founded in 1919
and has continued uninterrupted for over 100 years.


the chicago coin club does not buy, sell, or offer opinions
as to the price or grade of a coin.
the club’s operating
revenues come from annual dues paid by members, bequests,
contributions, and gifts.
all expenditures are for operating
expenses or for the advancement of numismatics.


any person interested in numismatics is eligible for membership.


for additional information about the chicago coin club, you email:


scott mcgowan at
secretary.chicagocoinclub@gmail.com


or write:

chicago coin club

p.o. box 2301

chicago, il 60690




monthly meetings


as of february 22, 2022, our regular monthly meetings, in downtown
chicago, are in-person with support for remote participants.
read our
online meeting
page for the equipment you will need and instructions
on receiving the address and password for remote participants.
it will take some time to prepare yourself, so start now!



we meet monthly in downtown chicago on the second wednesday of
every month at 6:45pm ct.


except for the december banquet, our current downtown meeting space is
at the chicago bar association, 321 s. plymouth court, 3rd floor meeting room.
plymouth court is located between state and dearborn streets;
plymouth is a short street, going south from jackson.
please remember the security measures at our meeting building:
everyone must show their photo-id and register at the guard’s desk.


in addition to our monthly meetings downtown,
we also meet at some local shows.
and we usually meet at central states when their convention is nearby.
the photo-id and pre-registration security measures are not needed for attending our meetings
at ana and central states when they are in town.


important news

our meeting on february 12 has been changed to online only!

please, do not go to downtown chicago for this meeting.

this change is due to the weather (snow) forecast.


february 12, 2025 - 6:45 pm cst (utc-06:00) - ccc meeting (in-person, supporting remote viewers) - featured program:
elizabeth hahn benge on
roman imperial portraits in coins and sculpture at the art institute of chicago

this talk will look at the use of imperial images in the ancient roman
world and how coins and sculpture were some of the most effective ways
to distribute those images across the vast empire.
use of these different types of media – one large and the other
small – had a shared goal of communicating the emperor’s
identity and authority by way of characteristic portrait types of the
ruler and his family.
the presentation will look at imperial marble portraits through a
preview of the upcoming exhibition “myth & marble: ancient
roman sculpture from the torlonia collection,” which opens at
the art institute of chicago on march 15 and runs through june 29,
2025.
the discussion will then turn to portrait parallels in examples from
the art institute’s robust imperial roman coin collection and
how the curatorial staff are actively working to get these coins on
display and highlighted on the museum website and more.


participation in an online meeting requires some advance
work by both our meeting coordinator and attendees,
especially first-time participants.
please plan ahead; reread the latest instructions
on the day before the meeting!



programs from past meetings



club newsletter

our monthly newsletter is called the
chatter
and is mailed to all members at the beginning of each month.
here is the
current
issue.



upcoming special events

the 2013, 2014, 2015, 2019, 2021, 2022, and 2024 ana summer
conventions were in chicago — the stephens convention
center in rosemont, to be exact.
we were the host club,
and we hope to be the host club again when ana returns to the
stephens convention center; the next open year is 2027.
although the 2024 convention is over, we will keep our
2024 non-numismatic things-to-do listing
of area events and activities available online, in case you will
be visiting chicago.


past special events

a one-day ans/ccc symposium was held on march 27, 1996.
the program consisted of ten original papers
by outstanding numismatic scholars from the
midwest and the curatorial staff of the american
numismatic society.
a 7 pm dinner was separate from the symposium.
all events
took place at the sheraton chicago
hotel & towers, 301 e. north water st.,
chicago, on march 27, 1996.
this was the headquarters hotel for the chicago international coin fair,
held from march 29-31, 1996.


we celebrated the club’s
90th anniversary
with medals and a banquet in 2009.


the
one-thousandth meeting
of the chicago coin club was honored
with a banquet dinner meeting in april, 2002,
held on saturday night during cicf,
at the show's hotel (a new location for 2002).
mark wieclaw chaired the planning committee.


2019 was the official 100th anniversary of the chicago coin club;
in celebration of this milestone we had many
activities
we hope you enjoyed, including:


1200th meeting: january 9, 2019


100th anniversary medal


100th anniversary banquet and banquet medal, august 13, 2019


special edition red book®


the club hosted the annual summer
convention of the
american numismatic association
at the rosemont convention center in
a number of years since 1991.
they hold their conventions in cities around the country;
check their
schedule
of future conventions,
to see if they will be close to you.


special projects

one of the items honoring the 800th meeting
of the chicago coin club,
on september 14, 1985,
is the book
perspectives in numismatics.
its 19 manuscripts cover many aspects of numismatics:
sear on roman coinage,
lhotka on medieval european coinage,
newman on maryland's dollar denominated paper money,
van beek on jetons,
and pearlman on the hobby
are only some.
so far, the text from 18 of the manuscripts
are avaible online.
the illustrations will be brought up from the original artwork
where possible, so the illustrations will take some time.


from 1989 through 2011, the club prepared a
handout
for all attendees at the meeting held in
conjunction with the chicago international coin fair,
under the general heading of
odd and curious money.
in 1996, the club started a similar
handout
for the meeting in conjunction with the
chicago paper money exposition,
with each handout looking at a bank from the chicago area.
although the handout is free to each attendee, extras are
available for sale.


the club is pleased to host an online numismatic
library
containing works in html to make viewing more flexible
and searching possible.
please send comments, questions, and requests to
us
and include library as part of the subject line.


in honor of the centennial of the chicago coin club,
the club created a
hall of fame
to recognize some of the prominent numismatists among
its ranks over the past century.
twelve inductees form the inaugural class, with one
member announced each month during 2019.
after the inaugural class of twelve has been named,
the criteria for future membership shall be developed,
along with all of the other tasks in support of this
endeavor.


late in 2023 the club started a
coins for “a”s
program, for ccc-member young numismatists.


club items for sale

some medals and handouts are still available.
see the
order form
for pricing and availability.


affiliations:




american numismatic association


life membership 7





central states numismatic society


life membership 150





illinois numismatic association


life membership 132





membership

to become a member of the chicago coin club
you must attend a meeting (online or in person) and fill out and submit an application along
with a membership fee of $20 ($10 for junior membership).


a first reading of your application will be held at this meeting for membership consideration.


a second reading will be held at the next monthly meeting,
following publication of your name in the club newsletter.
upon membership approval, applicant will become a member.
applicant not required to be present at second reading.


club officers and awards

in addition to many articles on numismatic topics, our 1986 book
perspectives in numismatics
contains a section on
history of the chicago coin club.
this section includes listings of all club officers and awards
from our club’s inception in 1919 through 1986.


a 
listing of our presidents and awards since 1986.
is maintained separately, to show our recent history.
if we do not preserve our history, who will?



comments and questions are always welcome.
these chicago coin club pages are created and maintained by
paul hybert,
with design advice from
mike metras.



