
















preach the word - david legge sermons - sharing his preaching ministry from northern ireland









































preach the word







about us
what's new?
sermons

bible study series
topical sermons
evangelistic sermons
sermon podcast
past archives


search
contact


























welcome to preach the word!
welcome to 'preach the word', an internet-based ministry dedicated to sharing helpful and encouraging bible teaching from david legge, who is a christian bible teacher from northern ireland. see what's new, or spend some time browsing our bible study and sermon archives.



youtube  
podcast  
share this  




quick site links menu...
about preach the word
meet david legge
what's new?

latest teaching
   › latest study series
bible study series
---- topical sermons ----
   › revival and evangelism
   › christian living
   › encouragement in trials
   › prayer and praying
   › christmas and new year
   › miscellaneous
gospel sermons
mp3 sermon podcast
search our site

past archives
contact us








our featured teacher




our featured bible teacher at preach the word is david legge. you can learn more about david and find his ministry schedule at davidlegge.com
visit davidlegge.com 


latest teaching




get david's latest teaching, “the greatest invitation”, follow our podcast, or see all recent additions on our “what's new?” page.
latest teaching 





bible study series




access david's study series - newer content is available as audio and occasionally video, while older series include word-for-word transcripts.
choose series 


topical sermons




sermons on specific subjects divided into categories such as revival, christian living, encouragement in trials, prayer and more.
choose category 


gospel sermons




these evangelistic messages seek to share the good news of the gospel of jesus christ. have a listen and share them with others.
choose sermon 













about preach the word

'preach the word' is a not-for-profit christian ministry which exists to provide sound bible teaching to all. in days when many are disillusioned and seeking for more, through the ministry of david legge we seek to provide bible-based teaching and preaching which will lead you into a deeper relationship with god.


follow david         

visit davidlegge.com to keep up-to-date with david's ministry schedule. be notified of new materials added to preach the word by following him on facebook or instagram. get every new sermon via our podcast, and subscribe to our youtube channel to catch new video messages.


email updates

subscribe to our email updates to receive bi-monthly notifications of new content.


name



email












 what's new?
to see recent additions to preach theword, visit our what's new? page


 our location
david legge ministers in theunited kingdom and overseas


 contact info
drop us a word of encouragement through email or on social media


 social media











        					© preach the word. all rights reserved.
            			



home
series
topical
gospel
contact
podcast












 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

