





















































call us 800-311-7340
contact
support

service outages
help center


company

news
about
board of directors
leadership
policy center
careers




 call
 help

help center
service outages


 my d & p

my account
my bill
my email

















 shop services

 internet tv phone connect pro rural internet
 bundle builderfaqsbusiness my d & p and email

 my account my bill my email

















 shop services internet tv phone connect pro rural internet build your bundlefaqsbusinesscontactsupportcompany 

newsaboutleadershipboard of directorspolicy centercareers






 call
 help
 my d & p










connect with what matters most


check availability

from facetime to game-time, our mission is to keep you connected to your world with internet, tv, and phone services for residential and business customers.  for over 125 years d & p communications has invested in lenawee and monroe counties, building the fastest and most reliable service network in the area.







shop for home


shop for business








we're in your neighborhood.
our roots run deep. d & p communications started in deerfield and petersburg as a farmers phone cooperative over 125 years ago. we believe in building connections, be it investing in new infrastructure for our customers, or nurturing local organizations that enrich the michigan community we are proud to be a part of.
our commitment to belief can be seen in our longevity and the satisfaction of our customers.








we live here.
our roots are in lenawee and monroe counties, starting in 1898.
that’s 125 years of connecting you to what matters most!




we work here.
since the 1990s we’ve made aggressive investments to provide the most reliable  fiber infrastructure to our service areas.  




we build here.
connecting to our community is more than just fiber optics, we are honored to have worked with over 200 local organizations.








common questions



does d&p communications require a contract for services?




currently, you do not need to sign a contract to receive services from d & p.
however, many businesses enter into contracts with d & p to properly define the relationship or as a way to secure long-term savings.





what is included in my first account statement?




your very first statement reflects the prorated amount for the month you were installed, along with any installation fees that were not paid at the time of connection. your next full month of service is also billed at this time.





how do i sign up for automatic bill payment?




to set up automatic payment you need to fill out and mail in or drop off the automatic payment form at any of our five local offices. you can obtain the form at any of our five local offices or click the link below to download and print the pdf.
automated online bill payment (pdf)





see all 




we love to help!
need help figuring out a bundle?  not sure how much internet you need?  hop on a live chat, it’s the quickest way to get help from one of our reps. we’re here to help you get connected.



 start live chat                    









residential

bundlesinternetconnect premieretvphonerural internet
business

small-to-mediumlarge-to-enterprisebusiness tvbusiness phonebusiness internetmanaged itphone systems
corporate

newsleadershipboard of directors
support

faqsservice outages
company

companycareerspolicy center
 



 account

my d & p login
my email


 contact us

customer service
advertise with us


 locations

adrian
blissfield
dundee
petersburg
tecumseh



































copyright 2025 d & p communications
web design by build/create







