














interesting coins of the world - coin collecting online | joels coins






joel anderson

interesting world coins & banknotes

po box 365
grover beach, ca 93483
usa

phone 1-805-489-8045
fax 1-805-299-1818
e-mail: orders@joelscoins.com

we offer world coin collectors and world currency collectors
a wide variety of interesting, fun, unusual and historic foreign coins
and paper money.
included are items from ancient times to the latest new issues. 
our 54th year
selling world coins and world banknotes!
we have been in the coin business since 1970, and have had a website
since 1996.we have been on the web longer than google (but we are a lot smaller).
(yes, i agree, this
looks like a 1996 website, but it works for me and i can almost manage
it)

we mail coins
and banknotes world-wide.



featured item:last banknotes of syrian president assad are beautiful!  50, 100, & 200 pounds 2021, unc.popular links:

latest additions to the website february 16, 2025

new issues  - world coins &
currency issued in the past year or so   february 16, 2025

alphabetical listing of (most of the) coins and
banknotes by country  february 16, 2025

coin sets by country 


web page index  by theme or country


world war i coins and banknotes  

world war ii coins and
banknotes february 16, 2025

nazi coin list   
coins of nazi germany and selected nazi occupied territorieslimited stock world coin  list limited stock world bank note list
 
some recent issues: (see our new issues page for more recent issues)china 2025 year of the snake coin and banknotecanada 2025 six coin set includes scarce 50 centscanada 2025 six coin set includes scarce 50 centslatvia and lithuania 2 euros celebrate straw mobilesbermania celebrates 50th anniversary of fig revolteast jerusalem coin uses eight different languages: 10 shekels 2024 proofpirates on alboran coin:  2 taleros 2025 proof
on-line catalogs:
interesting stuff catalog of world coins
& notes 
a wide range of foreign coins, world coin sets, bi-metallic coins,
paper money, tokens, medals, primitive money and lots of other
interesting stuff are featured in the on-line version of our
interesting stuff catalog. the catalog includes hundreds of fascinating
historical and world coins and notes, with an emphasis on the history
or current events behind each coin or banknote. includes items for
beginning and advanced world coin collectors. most items are pictured.
the interesting stuff world coin & paper money catalog can be
viewed either by
thematic table of contents  or
by alphabetical listing by country


interesting stuff catalog
#209 winter-spring 2025  is available
both on-line
or free
by
postal mail upon request.
click here to download catalog #208 in
pdf format  (about 3302kb)

world coin sets by country  
coin sets from about 200 different nations from around the world. a
great way to learn about other cultures. 

nazi coin list   
coins of nazi germany and selected nazi occupied territories.

 
books  for the  collector of
world coins or currency 
a selection of books on world coins. tokens and currency, including
some unusual, older or hard-to-find titles.  our prices are
often lower than major on-line book stores, and we have many titles
they do not carry.
   
coin & currency supplies and accessories
we offer a selection of popular coin holders, coin envelopes, coin and
currency pages, currency sleeves, etc. 


dealers only
wholesale list 
dealer wholesale quantity discount prices for many of the items on our
website,
this section accessible only to bona fide coin dealers, jewelers, coin
cutters, etc.
please e-mail us for password access and provide evidence that you are
a dealer.


upcoming coin shows:  

none planned


gift
certificates:
got a collector on your gift list but don't know what to get
them?  running out of time to get a gift?  we offer
gift certificates. certificates are custom made upon request. 
we need to know who it is to, from and the amount of the certificate.
because we record who the certificates are issued to, they can be
replaced if lost. there are no monthly "fees" or other charges if a
certificate is not promptly used. you may order gift certificates by
mail or using our secure
on-line order form (you may specify to and from in the
"special instructions" field).  gift certificates may be
e-mailed to you or the recipient.  please include e-mailing
instructions if you would like the gift certificate e-mailed.
 list as item gift certificate (please specify amount, to and
from) when you fill out the on-line order form, or just e-mail me the
details. 



see our
  videos:








more website
resources and links:

web site search engine
you may search by country, date,  denomination or ??
 


site search by findberry

web site map 

about us   

 customer
comments page   what our customers are
saying about us, our service and our website.  

some short articles about coins &
collecting  

secure
on-line credit card order page  orders may be
entered directly into the on-line order page or you may use the on-line
shopping card.  we accept personal checks, money orders,
paypal, as well as credit and
debit cards.

shipping
rates, ordering & privacy information 
payment methods, terms, returns, ways to order, privacy information,
use of images from this website and all that kind of stuff.

i am a member of the following organizations:



american numismatic association(ana) (life
member lm5016)

california
state numismatic association
(csna) (lila & joel are both past presidents and life
members)

numismatics international (ni) (life
member)

international bank note society (ibns)

california
exonumist society 
(lila, past president)

northern
california numismatic
association (ncna)

numismatic association of southern
california (nasc)

santa maria coin club

worldwide bimetallic collectors club
(wbcc)

everycountry - one coin per country
collectors group

south county chambers of commerce




joel anderson
po box 365
grover beach, ca 93483
usa

phone 1-805-489-8045
fax 1-805-299-1818
e-mail: orders@joelscoins.com

we do not maintain regular office hours.
best times to reach us by phone is from 12:30 pm to 3:30pm or 7:00pm to
10:00pm california time, 7 days a week.
calls before 8:30am california time are rarely answered.

sorry, but we cannot
identify or price coins or banknotes by telephone.

payment may be made by personal check or a money order in us dollars
drawn on a united states bank (pay
to joel anderson), american express, visa, mastercard, discover, or
paypal.
     
orders may be placed on-line,
by e-mail,
phone, fax, or postal mail. 
prices are in us dollars. 


this site is designed and maintained by joel anderson
you are welcome to use images, stories or articles from this website if
credit is given and reference is made to www.joelscoins.com.
if you are using an image, story or article on-line, please provide a
link to www.joelscoins.com.
high resolution images (300dpi) of most items pictured on the
website are available upon request at no charge.
for questions, comments, reports of errors, broken links, etc. please
e-mail: orders@joelscoins.com



