















albertville, al | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      business      community      visitors      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 
 












 














event permit requests








career opportunities








economic development










 
 














citizen resources








city initiatives








schools










 
 
 

























 














airport8ao








sand mountain amphitheaterfind tickets and attractions








fire & rescuelearn more about the fire department








sand mountain parkview more information








policeprotect & serve








librarylearn about available resources










 
 
 



 














albertville news


stay up to date
 






  
 
 















delta planes arrive at albertville regional airport 


pictured is the first delta air lines boeing 717 to visit albertville regional airport, where aviation service partners will perform maintenance on the plane.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 














upcoming events


mark your calendars
 






  
 
 














february 21



coffee with cops presented by albertville police department

coffee with cops presented by albertville police departmentread on...




february 27



70th annual albertville chamber of commerce banquet

70th annual albertville chamber of commerce banquetread on...




april 4



jj grey & mofro with silverada at sand mountain amphitheater

jj grey & mofro with silverada at sand mountain amphitheaterread on...








april 6



power 107.5 presents: we the kingdom with katy nichole and caleb & john

power 107.5 presents: we the kingdom with katy nichole and caleb & johnread on...




april 18



albertville fire & rescue charity golf tournament 

albertville fire & rescue charity golf tournament read on...




may 3



made on the mountain festival presented by albertville chamber of commerce

free to the public to attend
entry fees are charged to register as a vendor, to participate in the ...		
made on the mountain festival presented by albertville chamber of commerceread on...







view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 





 














connect with us


meet your representatives
 






  
 
 















 
 



  
 














tracy honeamayor
 






  
 














welcome to albertville online!whether you're a new or longtime citizen searching for information on city services and amenities, seeking employment opportunities, considering doing business in the city, here for a concert, or visiting while the kids play in the big tournament, we are so very glad to have you in the heart of sand mountain. our website aims to be a friendly, helpful hub for public information and resources. should you have trouble finding what you need, our staff is just a phone call away, and my door is always open. thank you for choosing albertville!contact the mayor
 






  
 
 














nathan broadhurstcity council president
 




ben mcgowancouncil president pro-tem
 




jill oakleycouncil member place 2
 




charles baileycouncil member place 3
 




ray kennamercouncil member place 4
 






  
 
 



 















 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







contact us







the city of albertville116 w main streetp.o. box 1248albertville, al 35950phone: 256-891-8200
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







elections



building permit information



payment of fines



animal control



trash & recycling services



licenses, taxes & incentives









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









