
baby names ***



 baby namestop baby names for boys and girlsif you have searched for ' baby names ' then "congratulations" must be in order and our section on pregnancy stages might also prove helpful. whether you are the mother or father of a new boy or girl, a member of the family, or a close friend, you are sharing in a major life event  and taking a serious interest in choosing a special boy or girl name from one of the thousands of boy and girl baby names that are available. check out the baby name meanings and the baby names dictionary! each section has a unique list of a top babyname for a girl or boy. site mappregnancy baby girl namesbaby boy namesunusual baby namescool baby namesbaby names meanings world of baby names 










top babynames for a girl and boy: we have also included sections for the parents! naming a child is important and we have featured many sections for a boy or a girl baby ! if you are stuck for ideas we can help! our unique girl and boy baby name sections have been featured together with unusual, cool, celebrity, exotic, popular, unique and even a weird baby name category! it's great fun searching for girl and boy babynames and we have over 100,000 babynames to choose from ! if you would like an exotic or foreign idea for a baby boy or girl then this is certainly the place for you! we have featured a baby boy and baby girl name section from the favourite world of babynames from american to african - from polish to puerto rican from welsh to scottish from french to italian from norwegian to jamaican from irish to indian - sikh and hindu baby boy names and baby girl names are all there! take a look at the the world of babynames site map"remember! a name isn't just for a birth day - it's for life!"a free, online resource crammed with advice about choosing baby boy and baby girl names...top babynames for a girl and boy: babyname meanings and name dictionarycheck out the baby name meanings, the names dictionary for ideas and inspiration for naming a newborn boy or girl. each section has a unique girl and boy babynames list.world of baby names for a boy & girl african girl and boy name african american namesamerican baby namesenglish girl and boy nameceltic girl and boy namechinese baby namescuban girl and boy namedutch girl and boy namefrench girl and boy namefilipino girl and boy namegaelic girl and boy namegerman girl and boy namegreek girl and boy namehawaiian baby nameshispanic baby namesindian girl and boy name  irish girl and boy nameitalian baby namesjamaican baby namesjapanese baby nameskorean baby namesmexican baby namesnative american namesnorwegian baby namespuerto rican baby namespolish baby namesrussian baby namesscottish baby namesspanish baby namesswedish baby nameswelsh girl and boy namevampire baby namesmeanings of baby names  biblical baby namescatholic baby namesblack baby nameschristian nameshebrew baby nameshindi baby nameshindu baby namesgothic baby namesjewish baby namesmuslim baby namesshakespearean names sikh baby namesconfirmation nameselvish baby namesdark baby namesold baby names  top babynames for a girl and boy: a boy called shirley? a pensioner called zowie?choosing a suitable baby boy name or baby girl name from the vast selection that are available is a serious task. one of the cute, exotic or cool baby boy names or baby girl names may be great for a tiny baby. but would it have the same effect when the baby boy or girl grows into a schoolchild, a teenager, a young adult, a middle aged person and eventually a pensioner? will the boy or girl, who has now become older, then be happy with your choice of name ? school kids can be merciless to each other and make a bee-line for anything out of the ordinary, unfortunately this includes boy or girl names which are unsuitable for older children. remember - 'a name isn't just for a birth day - it's for life'! the images at the top of the page reflect the different life stages that a boy or girl can travel through - from a pram to a bike to a car and beyond! top babynames for a girl and boy: pitfalls (warren peece or war and peace!)we hope to make you aware of any possible pitfalls in determining your full baby's name. no visitor to this site will make the mistake of selecting the like of helen hywater (hell and high water), tom katz or diane decay ( die and decay). yes, they are all real names!. we also look at popular baby names - those that can be described as ' faddish ' names. ideas for the unusual boy names or unusual baby girl names come into fashion but these types of names can just as quickly go out of fashion! fashionable types of baby names are chosen because they are unusual, but they then become a trend. as soon as the trend is identified people move away from using them! these fashionable, or faddish, types of baby names can ' date ' a person.site map for baby namestop babynames for a girl and boy: babynames sitemapthis babynames site map gives a comprehensive guide to the contents of www.babynames.org.uk. all baby name lists have been divided into female and male baby names. we hope that you find our vast range of over 50,000 boy and girl baby names helpful and ease your difficult task of choosing the best possible name for your newborn baby. baby girl & boy name listsbaby girl & boy name listsbaby girl & boy name lists world of baby namesbaby girl namesbaby boy namesmeanings of baby names popular girl namestop girl names popular boy names top boy namestop 100 us baby names top 100 baby names ukold fashioned namesuncommon baby namesblack baby namesnew baby giftsunique baby shower giftsbaby keepsakesnew born checklistbaby clothesbaby furniturebaby toysbaby travelpersonal ancestry filebuy a calendar  cool boy & girl nameexotic boy & girl namesunique boy & girl namesunusual boy & girl namespopular boy & girl namescelebrity namesweird boy & girl namesconfirmation girl namesconfirmation boy names rare baby namesshopping list for babiesbaby shower giftsdevelopment charthealth and baby carebaby safety & home protectionbaby feedingbathing babiesdiapersshower gamesbabies safety and home protection  name dictionaryfirst namemiddle namesurnameslast namesbaby name meaningsname originsgenealogyglossary genealogical termsfamily searchfunny baby quotesname game quizname evaluatoruncommon girl namesuncommon boy names top babynames for a girl and boy: the results of the surveyour survey into naming a boy or girl established that the information required included classic, unusual, unique, exotic divided into a list of girl and boy names. many people requested boy or girl name meanings and origins and were interested in ascertaining the most popular boy or girl names and how these have changed through the course of time. many visitors requested that each boy and girl name section was accessible on one page. name searches also included requests for the top names for boys and girls. a list of names for a boy or girl for what seemed like every county imaginable were also high on people's list of priorities - in fact a world of babies names ! top babynames for a girl and boy: the world of babynamesthe world of babynames section enables an easy search for a unique list of babynames from different countries all around the world. top english babynames for a girl and boy: meanings and originsthis section not only contains a unique list of top english babynames for a boy and girl but also details the meanings and origins of english babynames and many of their origins. top american babynames for a girl and boy: states and citiesthis section contains a unique list of top american babynames for a boy and girl. in the most recent years many of the traditional american babynames have been replaced with more exotic ideas and a number of popular babynames have been taken from the names of states or cities within the united states of america.   top black babynames for a girl and boy: use of a prefixthis section contains a unique list of top black babynames for a boy and girl. these wonderful and unusual babynames encompass a new type of naming system for black babies making use of the prefix of 'la' or 'le', as in latoya, lashawn, latrice etc) and the also the prefix of 'da' and 'de' as in denelle, danisha etc. creating totally unique babynames. many of the top black babynames for a boy and girl have been also been inspired by the african roots of their families.top italian babynames for a girl and boy: saints and biblical peoplethis section contains a unique list of top italian babynames for a boy and girl. the roman catholic church encouraged the use of naming many italian babies after saints and biblical characters from the new testament.top confirmation names for a girl and boy: patron saints this section contains a unique list of top confirmation names for a boy and girl. in many english and german speaking countries a special confirmation name is chosen for a person being confirmed in the roman catholic church. a confirmation name is usually adopted from the name of a saint as a protector and a guide. top french babynames for a girl and boy: hyphenatedthis section contains a unique list of top french babynames for a boy and girl. french babynames are unusual as they often feature the use of hyphens. examples of male hyphenated babynames are jean-jaques or paul-henri. examples of female hyphenated babynames are anne-marie or marie-elise.  top indian babynames for a girl and boy: meanings of sikh and hindu namingsthis section contains a unique list of top indian babynames for a boy and girl. these babynames are also accompanied by meanings. separate sections have been provided for sikh and hindu babynames.  top greek babynames for a girl and boy: heroes from greek mythology this section contains a unique list of top greek babynames for a boy and girl. many religious babynames are given in greece and many other traditional babynames taken from greek mythology and culture. these names would include those of mythical heroes and such as odyessus, alexander and helen.  top spanish babynames for a girl and boy: spanish and hispanicthis section contains a unique list of top spanish babynames for a boy and girl. we have also provided a unique list of hispanic babynames. a hispanic person is someone of latin american descent living in america. especially one of spanish, cuban, mexican, or puerto rican origin.top irish babynames for a girl and boy: unusual surnamesthis section contains a unique list of top irish babynames for a boy and girl. irish surnames reflect the celtic roots of the irish. the prefix "mac", means 'son of'. top shakespearean babynames for a girl and boy: shakespeare playsthis section contains a unique list of top shakespearean babynames for a boy and girl taken from the famous plays written by shakespeare. the popularity of shakespearean babynames have increased as celebities, like the beckhams, drew inspiration from the great bard and named their son 'romeo'.top babynames for a girl and boy: what visitors want from a baby names site our first thought was what exactly what information about baby boy names or baby girl names that visitors were searching for. we conducted considerable research into the subject of naming a baby boy or baby girl and then undertook a survey into the area to verify our findings...top babynames for a girl and boy: the best baby girl names & baby boy names the result of our research is the content of this website. we hope that you will find our version of baby boy names and girl names interesting, rare, unique and fun. we hope you will be able to select the best names and be able to make your own unique decision. why unique? because only you will be aware of the full name for your baby boy or girl, including the first name, middle name and surname. your complete baby's name, taking into consideration, the baby's first name and last name are crucial as a combination to your final name selection!top babynames for a girl and boy: unique name evaluatorwe hope that the wealth of information contained on this baby names site will provide you with inspiration and lots of ideas. the site map details all of the sections and information available - a comprehensive resource for those making important decisions and finding the appropriate names for a baby boy or girl baby. the information and advice takes a balanced view of the pleasure and the pitfalls when choosing a baby boy or baby girl name. to assist you further in successfully negotiating the potential minefields we have developed a baby names evaluator - an essential aid when considering baby boy names or baby girl names. names are incredibly important and people will always be judged by their name. the list of american baby boy name's is an example of the many hundreds of boy name's available on this site! the other information available includes... boys - girls - cool - exotic - unusual - unique - welsh - celtic - african - american - biblical - catholic - christian - chinese -  cuban - dutch - gaelic - genealogy - german - greek - hawaiian - hebrew - hindi - hispanic - indian - italian - irish - jewish -  japanese - jamaican - korean - mexican - meanings - muslim - norwegian - origins - polish - puerto rican - russian -  scottish - surnames - weird - celebrity - famous - popular - male - female - boy - girl - family"remember! a name isn't just for a birth day - it's for life!"top babynames for a girl and boy: top 100 baby names liststhe top 100 baby names lists are compiled at the end of every complete year by the social security administration in america and the uk government. it's interesting to see which names have made the top 100 baby names lists for the current year. how does the most recent top 100 baby names lists compare with your choices? what influenced the content of the top 100 baby names lists? and what will influence the top 100 baby names lists for future years? who were the most popular celebrities for the year? movie stars? pop stars? models? celebrities? they always influence the top 100 baby names lists to some degree!top babynames for a girl and boy: what else is available? different and unusual facilities have not been forgotten. take a look at the baby name evaluator! these are totally exclusive to our visitors - and completely free of charge! announce the birth of your newborn baby boy or baby girl to everyone on the internet and send automatic e-mails with the great news to your friends and family - it's the fastest way to spread the word!top babynames for a girl and boy: family search?yes, we also have a section on conducting a family search - genealogy! meanings and origins of first, middle and surnames! genealogy has become a very popular pastime with the advent of the internet which has made a world wide search to document a family tree much easier. we have a whole section dedicated to the subject of family names. this important section of the website features the subject of genealogy which includes a helpful section on how to make a start on a family search ! the interest in tracing family roots has also brought about a great interest in naming babies which reminds people of the ' old ' country. a really interesting fact is that 80% of americans can trace their roots to the u.k. and census records from the uk can now be accessed online, making the process of tracing family histories much easier.top babynames for a girl and boy: have some fun with the names gamehave a go at completing our exclusive names quiz game! it's free, it's fast and it's fun!can you beat your family and friends?pregnancypregnancypregnancy symptoms by weekpregnancy week by weekpregnancy stagesearly pregnancyhgc levelsovulation calendarhave some fun with the chinese pregnancy calendar! the chinese pregnancy calendar was a method of predicting the gender of a baby. the ancient chinese pregnancy calendar is believed to date back to the 13th century. there is no scientific evidence to support this method, but due to the laws of probability it will always have a 50% success rate! so have some fun and use this ancient chinese pregnancy calendar!pregnancy stagesour day by day and week by week pregnancy stages can be used as a guide to help you understand the changes in your body and to your baby. there are facts, information and helpful tips about each of the trimesters.  

 babynames for a girl and boy - top - unique - exootic - boys - girls - cool - exotic - unusual - unique - welsh - celtic - african - american - biblical - babynames for a girl and boy - catholic - christian - chinese - cuban - dutch - gaelic - genealogy - german - greek - hawaiian - hebrew - hindi - hispanic - indian - babynames for a girl and boy - italian - irish - jewish - japanese - babynames for a girl and boy - jamaican - korean - mexican - meanings - muslim - norwegian - origins - polish - babynames for a girl and boy - puerto rican - russian names - scottish - babynames for a girl and boy - weird - babynames for a girl and boy - male - female - boy - girl - babynames for a girl and boyadd to favourites  www.babynames.org.uk - a free baby names resource!  baby girl nameschinese pregnancy calendarbaby boy names last namespregnancy week by weekpregnancytop 100 namesunusual baby namesâ© february 2017 siteseen ltdcookie policyby linda alchinprivacy statement



