





pet insurance alternative | pet assure – pre-existing conditions covered/wellness plans





















skip to main content

















veterinary discount plan




mint wellness plan




                                about us
                            



                                faq
                            





sign in


get a quote












affordable pet plans from america's pet experts








enroll through your employer

veterinary discount plan
by pet assure

instant discounts
on in-house medical services from participating providers, including routine and emergency care.
learn more







get coverage online today

mint wellness
by pet assure

reimbursement
for annual routine pet care expenses from any veterinary provider. 
learn more








all pets are eligible
every member of the animal kingdom (besides humans) can be covered by pet assure plans. enroll pets of any age and with any diagnosed health conditions including those traditional pet insurance companies deem pre-existing.








what's a discount plan?

instant savings at the vet
thousands of participating providers
no claim submission needed
routine & emergency coverage




learn about our veterinary discount plan





what's a wellness plan?

money back on vet bills
visit any veterinarian
simple online claim submission
routine wellness coverage




learn about our mint wellness plan












take control of your pet's care
from sensible pets requiring only routine visits to rollicking troublemakers landing themselves in an emergency clinic, pet assure knows that happiness begins with good health - and every pet deserves to be healthy!
 

get a quote

 




pet parents are happier with pet assure


no deductible and no waiting period!
"i had two yorkies. spay & neuter on both done the same day... i had just enrolled, no deductible and no waiting period!! i am so happy!"
- jean


paid for itself
"it has already paid for itself in the first months of using it. it was fast, easy, and i was able to use it the minute i signed up. i recommend it to many others."
- suzie














what makes us the pet experts?
since 1995 we've put pets and their families first. as pet parents ourselves, we know the importance of the bond you share with your animal companion. we protect that bond by ensuring you have everything you need to give your pet the best care, affording you both a long and happy life together.
about us












resources


dog & cat health library


pets with pre-existing conditions


compare to pet insurance


max's corner


validate a member




partner with us


hr professionals


brokers


veterinarians




trending topics


paw problems


introducing a second cat into the home


how to treat allergic reactions in dogs


parasites: are they in your yard?




company


about us


faq






connect with us


contact us































copyright © 2025 pet assure



privacy policy


terms and conditions


terms of use


web accessibility statement


do not sell or share my personal information


limit the use of my sensitive personal information























