












clubs in bellevue washington | bellevue club | downtown bellevue club
































































skip to content













 the clubthe hotelreflections


 movefitnessaquaticstennisrecreationvirtual golffamilystaythe spathe hoteleclipse boutiquecommunitydinegatherweddingscorporatemilestonesgallery




 movestaydinegathergallerythe hotelreflectionsjoin now




join
login
login













drive, chip, putt 
										
elevate your game 
										


 


make a splash 
										
jump in 
										


 


perform your best 
										
explore fitness studios 
										


 


find your table 
										
browse dining options 
										


 


the place to play 
										
fill your calendar 
										


 


the perfect match 
										
hit the courts 
										


 


stay well 
										
bellevue club hotel 
										


 


shop in style 
										
dress well, feel well 
										


 








bellevue club

as the premier athletic and social club on seattle’s eastside, the bellevue club is a gathering place for the northwest’s most celebrated and visionary citizens. deeply dedicated to the well-being of its members, the property merges 250,000 square feet of world-class fitness facilities and four innovative dining spaces with unique recreational, social and business areas. take a yoga class, perfect your forehand, have lunch with friends or close a deal from the comfort of the library. our urban oasis is also home to the bellevue club hotel, a luxury 66-room boutique hotel, and a full-service spa with cutting-edge wellness offerings. it’s time to belong, join the bellevue club community and begin your journey to wellness.




 


fitness
strength starts here. create an unparalleled exercise experience.





family
the future is bright. we believe in cultivating tomorrow's leaders





spa
rest, relax, rejuvenate. get pampered with the best in wellness treatments. 


 


dine
nourish yourself. fresh northwestern fare in four inspired dining venues. 





aquatics
jump on in. you get your own exclusive aquatic center.





recreation
the place to play.  connect, grow, and have a good time.





virtual golf
drive, chip, and putt. play the best golf courses in the world with the cutting-edge aboutgolf simulator.





tennis
your perfect match.  perfect your spin or learn how to score an ace.


stay informedjump into the latest stories from reflections






better together
reflections
how group exercise makes connections beyond the mat....

read more

better together
reflections
how group exercise makes connections beyond the mat....

read more

 


social saunas
reflections
the modern day bar for outdoor lovers....

read more

social saunas
reflections
the modern day bar for outdoor lovers....

read more

 


good luck: chinese lunar new year
reflections
welcome in the year of the snake on january 29 with great food and good fun....

read more

good luck: chinese lunar new year
reflections
welcome in the year of the snake on january 29 with great food and good fun....

read more

 





 








take a tourlet us show you around. watch the video for a glimpse into what makes the bellevue club so special. or better yet, be our guest and take a walking tour through the property with one of our expert membership representatives.

contact us 










stay welljust steps from the athletic and social club, the bellevue club hotel, is the newly-renovated premier boutique hotel on seattle’s east side.
learn more 









hours



m-f:
sa:
su:




5 a.m. – 11 p.m.
6 a.m. – 11 p.m.
6 a.m. – 9 p.m.



11200 southeast sixth street,bellevue, wa 98004

425-455-1616
info@bellevueclub.com

join










stay connected


























careers
privacy policy
cookie policy
accessibility
contact
site credits


                © 2025 bellevue club. all rights reserved.
            



























