
















home
















































 








              
 




   




   
    home



  about us


   history



  meet the board



  contact us





  certified teachers


   become certified





  events


   annual conference



  online workshops


   past  online workshops







  members


   join or renew



  universal post



  marilyn mathews scholarship



  mini-grant program



  join the board or nominate





  store











    
 





       welcome to the guang ping yang 
t'ai chi association!



   
the association


    


  our mission statement: “to promote, perpetuate, develop interest in, and preserve the quality of guang ping yang style taijiquan throughout the world, and to provide support for research and education in guang ping yang taijiquan in honor of the memory of sifu kuo lien ying, who brought the guang ping style to the united states, and in commemoration of his unselfish sharing of his many skills.

we strive to develop and honor the life-enhancing qualities of respect, humility, integrity, honesty, loyalty, and kindness.  we manifest our commitment to this process by honoring our teachers, students, each other, and the practice of internal arts.”



   whether you do the same or different style of taijiquan, another chinese martial art, or are a qigong or traditional chinese medicine practitioner, a scholar of chinese culture, we welcome all who wish to support us in fulfilling our mission.



    join or renew your membership now!
please complete a membership application, and pay dues to become join or renew.  use the
online application form, or the
downloadable application form for mail in.﻿
 





   watch party: featuring david weisunday, february 23, 20259:00 am pt / 12:00 pm etfree to members onlyclick here for details!



   



   save the date! our 2025 conference will be in columbus ohio!click here for more info.



   



   please consider donating to our organization:

   

donate here!




   become a member  

more
 find a teacher  

more
 newsletter  

 more

 history  

 
more







      follow us stay in touch with us on facebook     





 
links visit the store annual conference information


   




   

 copyright © 2023 all rights reserved.



    created with





















































































  
  share by:














