

























ian mckellen | official home page | acting | activism

























































    	what's new
    



    	life story
    



		acting career
	



		writings / blog
	



    	photo galleries
    	



		activism / lgbtq rights
	



		indices / lists of projects
	



		search mckellen.com
	

 





































		ian mckellen
	

    	professional biography
    

ian mckellen first acted at school 
		and with amateur groups in the north of england, where he was born and 
		brought up. he attended cambridge university and, since 1961, has worked 
		non-stop in the british theatre. he has been leading man and produced 
		plays, modern and classic, for the royal shakespeare company and the 
		national theatre of great britain and in the west end of london.

        in shakespeare he has triumphed as richard 
		ii,
        macbeth
 
        (with judi dench), coriolanus,
		iago,
		richard iii (also 
		on film) and 
		most recently as king 
		lear. he was in the first production of martin sherman's sensational
		
bent and premieres of plays by 
		arnold wesker, 
		peter shaffer, 
		michael frayn, 
		alan ayckbourn and 
		mark 
		ravenhill. of late he has been widow twankey in the old vic's 
aladdin pantomime and toured 
        waiting for godot 
		and 
no man's land 
		with patrick stewart. as salieri in 
        amadeus he won every 
		available award on broadway. for over a decade, he toured his one-man 
		show, 
acting shakespeare.

        mckellen is recognised worldwide as magneto in the x-men films and gandalf in 
the lord 
        of the rings and the hobbit trilogies.

        
        he received his first academy award® nomination, for best 
        actor, as the gay film director james whale, in 
        bill condon's 1998 classic 
        gods and monsters. 
   		he was nominated for best supporting actor, as gandalf the grey in 
		the fellowship of the rings.

        since he has starred in the da vinci code, 
mr holmes, beauty and 
		the beast, all is true,
the good liar 
		, and cats.

        in 2019 mckellen became the first actor to top the stage 100 list of 
		most influential people in british theatre, following his triumphant uk 
		tour and west end run of 
ian mckellen on stage. 

        his television work stretches from 
        rasputin to 
coronation street, from 
extras with ricky gervais to 
        vicious with derek jacobi. on 
		the first ever film on four, mckellen was in stephen frears' 
walter
         and 
the 
        dresser with anthony hopkins.
	

        mckellen has been an innovator on the internet, with one of the earliest 
        official sites for an actor, mckellen.com, launched on september 1, 
        1997. in 1999 he began publishing a series of 
        journal entries that evolved into one of the earliest non-technical 
        blogs. his followings on social media connect more than 10 million fans.

        in 1991, sir ian was knighted (kbe) for services to theatre in uk. he is a co-founder of stonewall uk, which lobbies for legal and 
        social equality for gay people. in 2008, the queen personally appointed him companion of honour 
        (ch), for his services to drama and to equality. 
	





		search mckellen.com
	


ian mckellen home page

 


































 

		questions or comments regarding this website: 
		
			click here to contact the webmaster
		.
	

trademark ™ and copyright © 1997-2024 by sir ian mckellen"
layout and design trademark ™ and copyright © 1997-2024 by keith stern
all rights reserved. do not copy or redistribute in any form.
 






as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases.


ian mckellen official home page

    published by 
    	

sir ian mckellen



		actor
	

		twice nominated for the oscar, and recipient of every major theatrical award in uk and us, ian mckellen is widely regarded as one of the world's finest actors.
	


london
			united kingdom
		



			dob: 05/25/1939
	

 		facebook
 	  
 	
 		twitter
 	  
 	
 		instagram
 	  
 	
 		tiktok
 	  

  















