





























joliet junior college | joliet, il | public community college











location




time




logo-full


































pause




alert





arrow



calendar



check



close



cta-chat



cta-pencil



cta-pin



facebook



flickr



home



instagram



logo-shield









menu






minus



number-one



pinterest



play



plus



plus2



search



stat-1





stat-2









































stat-3





twitter



youtube



tiktok





jump to header
jump to main content
jump to footer




header


joliet junior college home page



open menu





close menu






			
			getting started
		

click to open child links






			
			admissions
		




			
			admitted students
		




			
			pay for college
		




			
			register for courses
		




			
			schedule a visit
		





			
			academics
		

click to open child links






			
			academic interests
		




			
			credit for prior learning
		




			
			english as second language | esl
		




			
			high school diploma | ged
		




			
			online learning
		




			
			search for classes
		





			
			student resources
		

click to open child links






			
			bookstore
		




			
			career services
		




			
			disability services
		




			
			student wellness & support
		




			
			library
		




			
			multicultural student services
		




			
			registrar
		




			
			student advising 
		




			
			testing services
		




			
			transfer resources
		




			
			tutoring & learning 
		




			
			veterans resources
		





			
			campus life
		

click to open child links






			
			athletics
		




			
			cafe/food services
		




			
			child care services
		




			
			student activities
		




			
			student rights
		




			
			sustainability
		





			
			community
		

click to open child links






			
			adult education
		




			
			alumni
		




			
			continuing education
		




			
			facility rentals
		




			
			small business services
		




			
			vendors
		




			
			workforce development
		





			
			about jjc
		

click to open child links






			
			college leadership
		




			
			diversity and inclusion
		




			
			employment
		




			
			freedom of information
		




			
			history
		




			
			institutional effectiveness
		




			
			locations
		




			
			places of interest
		




			
			police & safety
		




			
			strategic plan
		








apply now


my jjc


icampus


technology resources


giving




open search










search
together we can find what you're looking for:
enter your search term:


search





close search
















this is college
register now for spring 2025 classes at jjc! 






choose your pathway
jjc offers nine customized pathways that separate career clusters into easy-to-understand groupings, making it easy for students to choose a major based on their interests and strengths.

keyboard navigation tip: use tab or shift+tab to navigate through the active three pathways in the following carousel, and the arrow buttons to progress to the next and previous groups.






agricultural sciences & veterinary technology

this pathway is a great fit if you’re practical, enjoy hands-on work outdoors or working with animals. you can expect to learn from experienced, expert instructors who care about student success. 


learn more











architecture, manufacturing & automotive

if you enjoy building or repairing machines or other structures, figuring out how things work and solving hands-on mechanical problems, this pathway is for you.


learn more











business, finance & information technology

if you would like to be a business leader, help organizations to be financially successful, or if you enjoy working with technology and data analytics, this pathway may be for you.


learn more











culinary, hospitality & tourism

this pathway is a great fit if you are a creative team player who enjoys learning new things and hands-on work. 


learn more











health, public safety & human services

if you are a quick problem solver, enjoy lab work and conducting research, this field was designed for you.


learn more











liberal & fine arts

if you enjoy expressing yourself in an artistic or creative way and consider yourself a good writer, speaker or designer, this pathway is for you. 


learn more











social & behavioral sciences

if you’re an empathetic servant leader who enjoy helping others, learning about human behavior and working in groups, this pathway is for you.


learn more











stem (science, technology, engineering, math)

this pathway focuses on science, technology, engineering and math and is perfect for those who are analytical and mathematically-minded.


learn more











workforce & training

if you aren’t looking to earn college credit, but instead want to either prepare for the ged, learn english as a second language or find a hands-on, non-credit career training program like truck driving, forklift driving, dental assisting and more, this pathway is for you.


learn more








 explore pathways
 request more info





we make headlines
jjc is home to new beginnings and exciting adventures, championship teams and innovative ideas. we aim to tell these stories of unexpected opportunities and shared experiences, stories that value and cultivate diversity and help us grow possibilities for our entire campus community.



















april consolidated election candidates
six candidates will appear on the ballot in the april consolidated election to fill three spots on jjc's board of trustees.



















jjc announces crawford honors college
thanks to a $1.79 million donation from dr. curtis j. and mrs. gina crawford, jjc is establishing an honors college.



















jjc awarded $3 million from illinois dceo
joliet junior college  was awarded $3,086,111 from the illinois department of commerce and economic opportunity to implement the clean jobs workforce network program for joliet and the surrounding region.



















jjc wins acct equity award
the american association of community college trustees has named joliet junior college the national winner of the 2024 charles kennedy equity award









our students speak out





natasha williams
jjc is very affordable, and i really like the foundation scholarships that can help you.
 learn more about natasha








make joliet junior college your first choice.

joliet junior college is an innovative and accessible institution, dedicated to student learning, community prosperity, cultural enrichment, and inclusion. joliet junior college delivers quality lifelong learning opportunities empowering diverse students and the community through academic excellence, workforce training, and comprehensive support services.



join our learning community


 veterans/military


 international students


 high school students


 adult learners







what's happening at jjc










									various dates
							

american red cross blood drive

  dates: monday, sept. 23 at 9 a.m.-3 p.m. tuesday, sept. 24 at 9 a.m.-3 p.m. monday, nov. 25 at 9 a.m.-3 p.m...





read more about american red cross blood drive











									monday, feb. 3-friday, march 14
							

art exhibition: james deeb

  james deeb's subjective composites of strangers he encounters on public transit in and around chicago are...





read more about art exhibition: james deeb












											saturday, feb. 1-friday, feb. 28
									

online sonography application available feb. 1-28









											feb. 18, 2025
									

planetarium show: legends of the night sky - perseus & andromeda









											various dates
									

nursing program information session




 all news & events







 apply now


 request info


 schedule a visit




footer







1215 houbolt road, joliet il, 60431 815.729.9020 





visit us on facebook





visit us on instagram





visit us on x





visit us on tiktok





visit us on youtube





visit us on flickr







contact us


academic calendar


jjc news & events


college catalog


bookstore


employment







privacy statement


accessibility


directory


right to know


title ix



			© 2024 joliet junior college all rights reserved
		

















