








caes newswire
















caes newswire
college of agricultural & environmental sciences
uga cooperative extension









about us
contacts
subscribe


menu









                get all our news in your inbox
            


search for stories














featured stories











                                featured story
                            

                                uga relationship skills program brings couples closer
                            

                                elevate is a federally funded, evidence-informed program from the uga college of family and consumer sciences that helps couples manage stress, spend quality time together and develop new skills to strengthen their relationship.
                            


read more












                                featured story
                            

                                best by vs. sell by: uga food safety expert explains expiration dates
                            

                                checking expiration dates is second nature for many consumers, a routine part of deciding what’s safe to eat. but those dates often indicate peak quality rather than actual safety, leading people to throw away perfectly good food out of caution — wasting both meals and money in the process. between 30% and 40% of the food supply in the united states is wasted, according to the united states department of agriculture. a portion of that stems from consumer misunderstanding of food labels, said carla schwan, a food safety specialist with university of georgia cooperative extension.
                            


read more








browse stories by category



animal production
departments
economics and money
environment
field crops, forage and turfgrass production
food
fruit, vegetable and ornamental production
general agriculture
health and family
home
lawn and garden
profiles and awards
weeds, diseases and pests





news





caes news






ben hill county 4-h captures top prize in national consumer science contest

02/11/25 josie smith, alyssa haag
    



                                    
                                        ben hill county 4-h captured a first place win in the national consumer decision making division at the family and consumer science national championship and conference on jan. 17 in san antonio, texas. the winning team members included thomas holt, nandini patel, landon sinyard and ruby witt, with support from coach laura lee hughes, university of georgia cooperative extension 4-h agent and county coordinator for ben hill county.
                                    
                                








caes news






uga boosts georgia’s economy by $8.4 billion

02/10/25 mike wooten
    



                                    
                                        the university of georgia contributed $8.4 billion to the state’s economy in fiscal year 2024, an increase of $300 million from the previous year and a record for the state’s flagship university. the increased economic impact was powered by growth in the number of degrees conferred at the graduate and undergraduate levels, an increase in externally funded research and the positive effects of uga’s public service and outreach efforts across the state.
                                    
                                








caes news






uga tops $600m in r&d expenditures for first time in history

02/07/25 david mitchell
    



                                    
                                        for the first time in its history, the university of georgia topped $600 million in research and development expenditures in fiscal year 2024. its $628.1 million in expenditures represents a 10% increase year over year and yet another record high in r&d activity, marking the sixth consecutive year of growth for the university. “the university of georgia is embracing its role as one of america’s top public research universities, and i am grateful to everyone who is helping us advance this vital mission,” said president jere w. morehead.
                                    
                                








caes news






outstanding alumni to be honored at 69th caes alumni association awards

02/06/25 jordan powers
    



                                    
                                        five alumni from the university of georgia college of agricultural and environmental sciences will be honored next month at the 69th annual caes alumni association awards banquet on march 21 at the classic center in athens, georgia. the annual ceremony honors college alumni for their outstanding achievements. the event also includes recognition of new inductees into the georgia agricultural hall of fame. “agriculture and agribusinesses are vital to many of our communities and vital to each of us in our daily lives,” said carlton self, caes alumni association board president.
                                    
                                








caes news






uga extension partners with fvsu to help families protect assets and preserve legacies

02/05/25 emily cabrera
    



                                    
                                        in their later years, many people find themselves unprepared to manage the assets they’ve worked a lifetime to accumulate. without a clear estate plan, families can face emotional turmoil, legal disputes and the potential loss of generational wealth. to address this topic, a collaborative effort between university of georgia cooperative extension and fort valley state university extension hosts workshops and one-on-one clinics designed to equip residents with the knowledge and resources they need to protect their assets.
                                    
                                








caes news






caes researchers explore ways to abate pfas 'forever chemicals'

02/04/25 emily cabrera
    



                                    
                                        in april, the environmental protection agency announced the nation’s first drinking water standard for “forever chemicals,” a group of persistent, human-made chemicals that can pose a health risk to people at even the smallest detectable levels of exposure. the new rules are part of efforts to limit pollution from these per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, or pfas, which can persist in the environment for centuries. supported by a nearly $1.6 million grant from the epa, researchers from the university of georgia college of agricultural and environmental sciences are developing improved, cost-effective treatment systems with advanced technologies for removing pfas.
                                    
                                








caes news






award-winning uga program selects 2025 cohort

02/03/25 roy parry
    



                                    
                                        a new cohort has been selected for the rural engagement workshop for academic faculty. the award-winning interdisciplinary program leverages the community engagement experience of uga’s public service and extension faculty to support collaborative academic research that benefits rural georgia. the primary aim is to enhance partnerships with communities throughout georgia by fostering collaborative, rural-focused research and scholarship.
                                    
                                








caes news






need to improve your time management? 10 expert tips from uga extension

01/30/25 emily cabrera, jordan powers
    



                                    
                                        the term "time management" is a misnomer. instead of managing time, you manage the events in your life that relate to time. you may wish for more time, but you only get 24 hours, 1,440 minutes, or 86,400 seconds each day. how you use that time depends on skills learned through self-analysis, planning, evaluation and self-control. much like money, time is both valuable and limited.
                                    
                                








caes news






caes alumnus enriches student experience at the helm of academic and faculty affairs

01/29/25 claire s. kinnard
    



                                    
                                        for dean kopsell, associate dean for academic and faculty affairs for the university of georgia college of agricultural and environmental sciences, moving to athens has been like coming home. kopsell assumed leadership of the office of academic and faculty affairs one year ago, following the retirement of former associate dean josef broder, who served as a faculty member at caes for more than 40 years.
                                    
                                







previous

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
...

next








about the newswire

                        the caes newswire features the latest popular science and lifestyle stories relating to agricultural, consumer and environmental sciences as well as uga extension programs and services around the state.
                    



media contacts




cassie ann kiggen
chief communications officer


cakiggen@uga.edu
706-542-6190






jordan powers
public relations manager


jpowers@uga.edu
706-542-4274













            caes media newswire
        



                    connect with caes
                

























                    connect with uga extension
                































