









welcome to sharkshock








































design




fonts




license




photos




about




contact






welcome




thanks for dropping by and welcome. sharkshock is a graphic design firm and font foundry based in north carolina. we also shoot stock and travel photography. this is the place to come if you're interested in licensing one of our fonts. our specialty has always been display type but we do perform a variety of services for clients around the globe. our font software has been downloaded millions of times and been featured in numerous projects big and small. we've been designing things digitally for well over 30 years.
 
 












services




donate






 ask us about custom fonts, commercial licensing, travel photography services, or anything you feel is related. please note we have discontinued logo design/branding permanently. if you're interested in purchasing a font license please contact us after viewing the license page. take a look around and maybe download a font or two. they're free for personal use.





feeling generous? want to show some appreciation for a font you've used? consider leaving a donation by clicking the button below. donations help us in our efforts to provide the world with type that everyone can use.


































creative solutions by a trusted name




we've been privileged to work with some of the finest and biggest brands


































project stream of various works




here is a sampling of various projects which includes font concepts, past projects for clients, posters, mockups, packaging, and travel photography. the stream will be updated occasionally as new material is added.


































































































































































































































brontoburger font used in an ad




alpine cows near grindelwald switzerland




piccadilly circus in london




cherry blossoms at the tidal basin in dc




sharkshock was born in raleigh north carolina




tempestua- an elegant display font




tampa skyline at blue hour




pub menu design with banbury font




advertisement with brontoburger




cyrillic charcacters in college block family




banbury is a british inspired display font




praetoria is an all caps display font based on early roman characters




vortax is a space aged display font perfect for movie posters




steady drizzle in stein am rhein switzerland




castle and waterfall scene in germany




long exposure of tower bridge




some otf features found in helmswald post




burg hohenzollern in germany




new york city at night




mock advertisement using dottingham




traffic trails dart in and out of washington dc at night




royal crescent- an all caps display font; great for titling and logos




rooftops of prague looking towards the castle




italics demonstrated in tempestua




fashion models in times square




charleston south carolina




roman forum at dawn




international support for boldstrom




peak fall color along the blue ridge parkway




late afternoon waves on florida's sunny coast




biltmore estate in asheville




mock packaging concepts using jumbalo font




tulips in montreal




features of brontoburger




international characters found in brontoburger




spires of wã¼rzburg germany




tourists stroll through san gimignano italy




kamryn font on display




wellington arch in london at sunset




stupid meeting font being used on a website




features in vortax




typographica is one of our most popular fonts




zanzabar is an arabic inspired display font







<






>



















design




fonts




license






 






photos




about




contact











copyright â© sharkshock llc 2023. all rights reserved.










