





arimidex

















toggle navigation





				this site is intended for us consumers.
for postmenopausal women with hr+ breast cancer			





home
about arimidex 

what is arimidex?
how it works
dosing information
clinical trial
arimidex side effects


arimidex patient direct 

about arimidex patient direct
talk to your doctor


arimidex faqs 

arimidex patient direct faqs
arimidex faqs


full prescribing information
contact
 








waiting for myprescription


take control with






enroll today!










take control
with amiridex patient direct


				already enrolled? sign in











important safety information about arimidex
prescription arimidex is only for postmenopausal women. arimidex should not be taken if you are pregnant because it may harm your unborn child. do not take arimidex if you are allergic to any of its ingredients
based on information from a study in patients with early breast cancer, women with a history of blockages in heart arteries (ischemic heart disease) who take arimidex may have a slight increase in this type of heart disease compared to similar patients who take tamoxifen
arimidex can cause bone softening/weakening (osteoporosis) increasing the chance of fractures. in a clinical study in early breast cancer, there were more fractures (including fractures of the spine, hip, and wrist) with arimidex (10%) than with tamoxifen (7%)
in a clinical study in early breast cancer, some patients taking arimidex had an increase in cholesterol. skin reactions, allergic reactions, and changes in blood tests of liver function have also been reported
in the early breast cancer clinical trial, the most common side effects seen with arimidex include hot flashes, joint symptoms (including arthritis and arthralgia), weakness, mood changes, pain, back pain, sore throat, nausea and vomiting, rash, depression, high blood pressure, osteoporosis, fractures, swelling of arms/legs, insomnia, and headache
in advanced breast cancer trials, the most common side effects seen with arimidex versus tamoxifen include hot flashes, nausea, decreased energy and weakness, pain, back pain, headache, bone pain, increased cough, shortness of breath, sore throat, and swelling of arms and legs. joint pain/stiffness has been reported in association with the use of arimidex
arimidex should not be taken with tamoxifen or estrogen-containing therapies
approved uses for arimidexarimidex is approved for adjuvant treatment (treatment following surgery with or without radiation) of postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive early breast cancer.
arimidex is approved for the initial treatment of postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive or hormone receptor-unknown locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer and for the treatment of postmenopausal women with advanced breast cancer that has progressed following treatment with tamoxifen. patients with hormone receptor-negative disease and patients who did not previously respond to tamoxifen therapy rarely responded to arimidex.
for more information, see your doctor. please see full prescribing information.
you are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the fda. visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-fda-1088.
this site is intended for us consumers only.
the information on this web site should not take the place of talking with your doctor or health care professional. if you have any questions about your condition, or if you would like more information about arimidex, talk to your doctor or pharmacist. only you and your health care professional can decide if arimidex is right for you. 





contact
privacy policy
terms of use
accessibility
prescribing information
sitemap




arimidex is a registered trademark of the astrazeneca group of companies and
is licensed to ani pharmaceuticals, inc. for u.s. sales. 







10120 rev 09/20









you are now leaving arimidex.com
ani pharmaceuticals is not responsible for the privacy policy, the content, or the accuracy of any websites accessed through a link on the arimidex.com site. a link to other websites does not constitute an endorsement of ani pharmaceuticals or the linked site, its products, or services.
the browser window or tab for arimidex.com will remain open. to return to arimidex.com at any time, close this tab or window. 




continue


stay on arimidex.com











