




christian poems, christian poetry, christian poets, religious poems, christian poetry, christian poems, inspirational christian poems, spiritual poems, spiritual poetry - welcome to ujamaa christian poems site... this is a place where you can release your gifts of christian poetry to the one who blessed you with the gift... our lord and saviour, jesus christ… christian poems and christian poetry written by christian poets are located here… christian poems, christian poetry, christian poets, religious poems, christian poetry, christian poems, inspirational christian poems, spiritual poems, spiritual poetry…











ujamaa christian poetry


about us
 | 
contact us
 | 
poetry board
 | 
submit poems

		   

	




		   home



















  brothers section

  part 1
  part 2
  part 3
  part 4
  part 5
  part 6
  part 7






  sisters section

  part 1
  part 2
  part 3
  part 4
  part 5
  part 6
  part 7






  guestbook

  sign
  view







				  





				  poetry board





				  christian-jokes.org



















christian poets

if you are a poet and would like for us to 
				post your poetry on this site,
			feel free to send your submissions 
			to: poems@myujamaa.org 















christian poets unite



welcome to ujamaa christian poetry site. this is a place where you can
release your gifts of poetry to the one who blessed you with the gift...our
lord and savior, jesus christ. do you have thoughts of gratitude? words of
comfort? songs of praise? poetic testimonies? prayers? let's all come
together on one accord and tell god how much we love him. let's sing of his
mercy and grace....tell of his faithfulness....shout of his infinite wisdom
and all-encompassing love!
.

				


excerpt from the bible


deuteronomy 28 - consequences of disobedience

chapter 28

verse 46 - and they shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder, and upon thy seed for ever. 
verse 47 - because thou servedst not the lord thy god with joyfulness, and with gladness of heart, for the abundance of all things;


10/21/15 - updated monthly



site update


good afternoon everyone...  first off, i do need to apologize as many of you probably thought the site itself was dead…  do know life happens, yet i can't believe ujamaa hasn't been updated in nearly 3 years... with that being said we are back; look for poems to be added once again on a monthly basis… on that note we are glad to introduce a few new poets. brother eugene firn has kindly sent a few christian pieces our way; as if, grace, suffering, the betrayal, and the holy one…  it's always nice to see poets using this art form to praise the lord… sister odularu ayodele joins the crowd also,  never be afraid to express yourself in poetic form; mercies, direction, guidance, blessings, and the living god... back with more spiritual poems is brother ernest trussell; the holy spirit, god consume me, embrace the father, i'm god's masterpiece, and give christ your best… he has been sending us poetry for years… also, gary james smith has more christian pieces for one to intake; what grace, thank you lord, the truth exists, o gracious heavenly father, and the love of god runs deep and red…  a proven writer, and a child of god, jennifer ogden kindly submitted a few poems; our lord, he is born, saving my soul, thank you god, and reflections on them... one may also view more of her work over at; jf - word of passion (------ brother sirbestian nzula has nearly 20 christian pieces listed, and hopefully will continue to bless this christian site; i am in tears, absolute power, born out of love, euphemistically, and in the sight of my lord... then we have olufunke kolapo as it warms my heart seeing people from all around the world serving our heavenly father; dust, if i could, his hands, out of breath, and god is not mad at me... lastly, if you are a poet know that we would be honored to post your work on this site... have a blessed week… mr. africa - october 21, 2015

good afternoon everyone... i am so glad that we can introduce a new poet as gary james smith has submitted a few spiritual pieces; it is so wonderful, the unblemished lamb, the telescope of heaven, what love! what wondrous love, and you breathed into man the breath of love... next, we have debbie bongiovanni who has a few new poems that praise the lord; appreciate, read god's words, touch someone's life, an angel looks over us, and we hang on by a thread... then, there is our brother 
george edward noe... do enjoy reading over his easter pieces; jesus' easter light, god exalted forever, our jesus and easter, our rock for the ages, and good friday and today... with that continue to serve the man above and help out those who are in need... have a blessed day... mr. africa - march 31, 2013

link to us | divine connection poetry forum | ujamaa poetry links brothers section

				| our poets | sisters section










christ connection

jazzy daily word


		"god's love has been poured into our hearts through the holy spirit that has been given to us." 


—-romans 5:5


spiritual intimacy with god

intimacyme thoughts

to love and walk with god 
is to sacrifice what we want to show our 
love to his will for our lives.

				











		| copyright 2003 - 2021 @ myujamaa.org | site maintained by mrafrica@myujamaa.org | privacy policy |
		






