


















































npr 89.1 - azpm





















home


tv 

what's on pbs this week
stream pbs 6 live
stream fnx live
schedules
arizona illustrated
original programming
where to find our channels
azpm passport
stream on demand



radio 

npr 89.1
classical 90.5
jazz 89.1 hd2
schedules
original programming



news


podcasts


kids 

watch pbs kids
pbs kids games
pbs kids activities
pbs kids shows



events 

event calendar
azpm in the community



about 

about azpm
azpm staff
addresses and phone numbers
community advisory board
jobs
student employment
contact
press releases
coverage maps
service outage monitor



support 

ways to support azpm
become a member
manage your membership
major giving
corporate support
planned giving
volunteer
subscribe to our newsletter





azpm passport

donate






































 listen live schedule
headlinesretailers including trader joe's and kroger have begun limiting egg purchases
            experts say it's hard to predict when the industry will bounce back from the effects of bird flu.
        pbs shutters dei office
            the public broadcaster says it is closing its diversity equity and inclusion (dei) office to comply with a recent executive order from president donald trump.
         what to listen forbbc news world service
											12:00 a.m.
										
									interviews, news and analysis of the day's global events.
									today's schedulefind us on your radiocheck for service outagesnpr 89.1 is supported by tucson festival of books.
								listen with your smart speaker
												alexa
											
											tell alexa to enable the arizona public media skill. then you can "ask arizona public media to play npr."
										
												google home
											
											ask your device to "play npr 89.1 from tucson, arizona."
										
        our shows
    full schedule
1amon-fri 9amall things consideredmon-sun 4pmarizona sciencefri during science fridayarizona spotlightthu 8:30am & 6pm, sat 3pma way with wordssun 10amazpm news dailydaily podcastbbc news world servicemon-sun hd3the buzzfri 8:30am & 6pm, sat 3:30pmcode switch / life kitsat 11amconsider thisdaily podcastthe dailymon-fri 3:30pm & 9pmfreakonomicssat 7pm, sun 1pmfresh airmon-fri 1 pmhere and nowmon-thu 12pmhidden brainsat 12pm & 8pmit's been a minutesun 12pm & 8pmlatino usasun 6pmmarketplacemon-fri 3pm, 6:30pm, & 9:30pmmilk street radiosun 2pmmore than a gamewednesday podcastmorning editionmon-fri 5amthe mothsat 6pmon the mediasun 7pmpbs news hour radiomon-fri 7pmplanet money and how i built thissat 2pmpress roomnewfri 8:30pmrevealsundays 5pmscience fridayfri 11am & 9pm tappedwednesday podcasttech nationsat 5am & 5pmted radio hoursat 9pmthis american lifesun 3pmtravels with rick stevessun 5amwait, wait... don't tell mesat 10am & 6pm; sun 11amweekend editionsat-sun 6amthe worldmon-fri 2pm
 streaming options listen on tunein find npr 89.1 on your radiostream in your browser
                    click the play  button above to stream npr 89.1 live in your browser. 
                    stream with your own player
                    you can listen to npr 89.1 with your preferred player (windows media player, vlc, etc.). select a stream to download. 
                         npr 89.1 low quality (48kb/s) npr 89.1 medium quality (128kb/s) npr 89.1 high quality (192kb/s)listen to npr 89.1 on your radio
                    see our current channel guide for all of our radio stations.
                





connect
subscribe to our newsletter
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
events


about
addresses / phone numbers
careers
student employment
staff directory
pressroom
signal coverage maps
service outage monitor
tour our station
contact us


support
donate
become a member
manage your membership
major giving
planned giving
corporate support
donate a vehicle
volunteer


compliance
annual reports
community representation statement
diversity statement
equal opportunity report
fcc public files
financial reports
cpb sas employment section
public file contact
code of ethics
editorial standards
open meeting policy
cab meeting calendar
privacy policy










						 azpm is a service of the university of arizona and our broadcast stations are licensed to the arizona board of regents who hold the trademarks for arizona public media and azpm. we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples.
					













