


brothers of the third wheel









































brothers of the third wheel
a family of trikers













toggle navigation



homeinfoinfodonatetributestoreclassifiedscontactcontactdirectorsforumeventseventschapter meetingslinkslinksmembers areaphotos 















upcoming events






central states trike-in
june 4, 2025
mountain view rv park and guest motel
see full details









iowa state btw trike-in
june 19, 2025
lake cornelia, clarion, iowa
see full details






from the triker
 contact hq for a complementary copy of the "triker" 

advertisement









welcome to btw
welcome to brothers of the third wheel.  we are a non profit association, owned by the membership and run for the benefit of the membership. btw provides the tools to find other trike riders in your area, as well as in any other part of the world, and be able to arrange group rides. our association also arranges many local trike events around the world which allows our members to meet other trikers and see other types of trikes. in most cases, any proceeds from these events is given to local charities such as wounded warriors, disabled vets, ronald mcdonald house, toys for tots etc, as well as donating part of these proceeds back to the association to cover the cost of providing the materials, ie, triker magazine, patches, web site, facebook pages and all the other services provided to the membership. we also have a trial membership program at no charge. you will see the front cover of our bi-monthly magazine on this page and a list of some of the current events around the world. if you are looking to purchase a trike or just get information about what is available or what would suit you best, you have come to the right site.   for more info email: "trikers@btw-hq.net" or call us at 520-789-7265.
to sign up for a free trial membership click here.                    this site is for all trike riders 

btw news
 reduced rate membership program  ( includes your back patch for new members)  will be continued for 202401.01.2024the reduced membership program id being continued for 2024 
this membership program has reduced pricing and still includes all the regular benefits but also includes your back patch for new members
this program is  being continued to help aleviate the skyrocketing costs we are all experiencing to enable all trike riders to be part of the association and enjoy the comradery of all other trikers at reasonable rates.
 call 520-789-7265 or go to "information" tab above.
                       

                                    


								advertisement
							










get started

sign in





forgot password?
become a member





search









connect


visit our contact page



advertisement












 








					a tribute to thosewho rode before us
				


				brothers of the third wheel international
				p.o. box 2550 cortaro, arizona 85652-2550
phone: (520) 789-7265
email: trikers@btw-hq.net			








website by vieth consulting


