















::cake & ice cream::: dee's random thoughts ::

















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar


















tuesday, december 21, 2010





26 times...



coming from richmond, va hearing stories about young people being murdered over nonsense isn't uncommon. so when i heard about the 28 year old female and a male from new orleans being murdered, it was very sad but the story didn't shock me. i've seen things like this happen time and time again and it's a shame. it's even hit close to my home. my mom's bestfriend's daughter was murdered some years back, along with a male friend. what was shocking to me about this story was that she was shot 26 times (according to some reports). the world has gone crazy. another reason this story made the news is because the young lady that was murdered is popular new orleans rapper magnolia shorty. she was formerly signed to cash money. you can read more on this story at the link below and check out some of her music. rip magnolia shorty. we gotta stop the violence... click here for more info on this storylisten to magnolia shorty- "monkey on a d*ck"listen to magnolia shorty- "that's my juvie"watch kourtney heart's video featuring magnolia shorty for her song "my boy"[photo credit]

continue reading this post...


close this post...







posted by
dee


at
2:23 am


153
comments







 



















thursday, december 16, 2010





"... i call it shoe-acide."



it's snowing here and when snow comes to richmond the whole city shuts down! they start closing stuff before the snow even gets a chance to start. i woke up this morning around 9 and there was absolutely no snow on the ground. i looked out the window an hour later and the ground was covered. so it's officially a snow day. the words "snow day" were way more exciting when i was in school. now it just means i'm trapped in the house. i think this is gonna be a snowy winter so we need snow boots. since i won't be doing anything outside the house today, i guess i'll take this time to look up some shoes. i found a couple things i like, still looking around, click the picture for more info on what i already found. and since i quoted fabolous and i think amber rose is fly as hell, his video for "she be killin' em" is down there too. oh yeah annnndddddd click the link to check out the fashion bomb. i think i'll probably spend most of my day looking there too. i love that site!   click here to check out "the fashion bomb"

continue reading this post...


close this post...







posted by
dee


at
10:55 am


107
comments







 



















wednesday, december 15, 2010





got this on repeat!



soooo, i love making cd mixes for my friends to listen to in their cars. everytime we go out the the club i try to have new music for us to listen to to get us hyped up for the club or whatever. well today i heard lil wayne's "6 foot 7 foot" i swear this is my new sh*t, lol. something about that beat! you can click the link to listen to it, plus some other songs i'm about to throw on the mix i'm making now. oh yeah the picture below is lil wayne with his mama and lil brother semaj (james backwards maybe?). i think this is my first time seeing his brother (i can't remember for sure) but he looks just like lil wayne! anyway, click here to see more pictures. they're from reginae's birthday dinner a lil while ago so you've probably already seen them, lol. i'm late... lil wayne ft. cory gunz- 6 foot 7 footdiamond ft. dro, dorrough, slim thug, trina, twista- "lotta money" remixkeri hilson- "toy soldier"yo gotti ft. ciara- "we can get it on"young chris ft. rico love- "break a bitch down"fabolous- "you be killin em"teairra mari- "touch it"

continue reading this post...


close this post...







posted by
dee


at
8:40 pm


8
comments







 





















my cramp survival kit...



ugh! i love everything about being a girl except that one little thing that we just can't escape. i don't even have to say what it is because everybody knows what i'm talking about. my first day is the worst day so i'm gonna try to just stay in bed for most of the day. but there are a few things that i have to have on deck to help me make it through. i have bcs (for obvious reasons). most of my friends hate the powder but i like how fast they start working. i have a red bull because they take away my headaches. my laptop to keep me from getting bored while i'm trapped in bed and the most important of them all... my heating pad. i swear that thing is a miracle worker. so today is gonna be just one of them days that monica was talking about... stay away!! :) 

continue reading this post...


close this post...







posted by
dee


at
11:03 am


18
comments







 





















i'm a little obsessed with...



patricia field and lttpevery night i say i'm going to bed early because i don't want to end up with permanent bags under my eyes and i end up staying up all night doing stuff like watching different youtube videos, playing jewel quest or looking at clothes online. it's becoming quite ridiculous actually, lol. i'm like a baby fighting their sleep. anyway, tonight for the past hour or so i've been looking over the patricia field site adding "christmas gifts" for myself to my shopping cart. i first fell in love with her stuff after i saw rocsi wearing her field salutes sprouse club skirt (seen below on the model on the left and as i wore it on the right). i saw a bunch of stuff i want to order but i gotta narrow my list down because unlike everybody on diamond's "lotta money" remix, i have to spend my money wisely, lol. you can see some of the stuff that i found tonight below... check out the full patricia field siteoh yeah, i forgot i did mention diddy dirty money's "last train to paris" as one of the things i'm obsessed with it as well. i'm too sleepy to give my review of it, lol. but i'm loving it! listen to it when you get a chance. good shopping music:) good night!!

continue reading this post...


close this post...







posted by
dee


at
1:45 am


38
comments







 





















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)













contact me:

anything in regards to me, the site, questions, comments, concerns, suggestions, love letters, hate mail or whatever, send it over:
pinkydeeicecream@hotmail.com

follow me on twitter @deondraelaine




enter your email address:delivered by feedburner









in my headphones:

loving the new stuff from all of these ladies...



that good good...



my favorite sites:----------------------------
80s purple
billboard
concrete loop
crunk & disorderly
the fashion bomb
howard university
m.a.c
mtv
necole bitchie
nordstrom
overheard in new york
patricia field
young, black and fabulous














enter your search terms



 





web


c&ic


submit search form
















previous scoops


loading...




c&ic archives




c&ic archives
december (6)
february (47)
january (83)
december (37)
november (38)
october (71)
september (41)
august (76)
july (1)
june (17)
may (62)
april (56)
march (60)
february (48)
january (92)
december (69)
november (109)
october (152)
september (86)
august (115)
july (130)
june (121)
may (190)
april (159)
march (160)
february (197)
january (107)
december (170)
november (138)
october (190)
september (126)
august (206)
july (38)










your ad here




disclaimer:

the posts i make on this site often contain my own personal opinions (unless stated otherwise) and shouldn't be taken too seriously.  it's all in fun and i'll probably change my mind by tomorrow.  the comments expressed on this site (in the comments section) represent the opinions of the individuals who have posted them and may not reflect my own personal opinions.   images found on this site are the property of their respected owners.





 























