








home | talkinternational.com
































































































 



  













connect with us
















 







toggle navigation






mercury-free/biological/holisticdentists & professionals directory
health solutions& products directory
holisticaddiction treatment

holistic addiction treatment
true story: a mother saves her son from opiate addiction using holistic treatments
the pouyan method
holistic addiction treatment library


relatedissues

fluoride
vaccinations
gmos
nutritional supplement regulation
holistic living


order or renewyour listing

why list your practice?
join us!
manage your listing


 








 

















bringing you free holistic health information so you can make informed decisions. 
		


 









mercury in the news

epa has ruled amalgam fillings are unsafe for the environment: new amalgam separator rule
flint’s toxic math: lead + mercury = synergistic toxicity
fda stands by its dental amalgam mistake
lawsuit challenges us fda on dental amalgam mercury 
more mercury news & other related issues



directories

mercury-free/biological holistic dentists &  professionals directory
health solutions & products directory



order a listing for your practice




 

 


mercury toxicity info

going to the dentist:
what you need to know
heavy metal detoxification
articles & research
media library
informative links
are you mercury toxic?
take our online survey
meridian tooth chartclick on a tooth!




community

do you need help?
want to get involved?
facebook discussion group
events-seminars-conferences
mercury poisoning stories
submit your story
organizations
help the cause! donate!
people making a difference
current legislative activities
join us on facebook






new to talkinternational.com:join our new facebook group!

 
we encourage patients, consumers and health professionals to connect, ask questions, provide answers, experiences, and recommendations.
 
 
holistic addiction treatment
read the true story of a mother who saves her son with a holistic treatment called the pouyan method for treating addiction and ptsd. also, find information, videos, and more.
from the director of talk international




from the director of talkinternational.com


talkinternational.com a holistic and biological dental directory   welcome to my website! my name is dr. james rota, director of talkinternational.com, a retired holistic dentist and biological dentist.  i was an assistant professor of the first graduating class at ucla school of dentistry. why i created my website my website was created to alert the […]




posted in us states 
|

leave a comment 



“mirror of the body” by dr. james rota 



dr. james rota is a pioneer in holistic dentistry. after 50 years in dentistry, he is sharing his uncommon story about biological dentistry, the dangers of mercury fillings, and what you can do to save yourself and to stop the madness of mercury in dentistry.
available now! 
buy on amazon.com






join our email list



first name:


last name:


email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 


we will never share your email address with anyone!



 



online consumer resource for two decades
talkinternational.com is the one of the largest and oldest resources on the internet regarding the mercury toxicity issue. our web site includes directories for holistic dentists and alternative health practitioners, a facebook discussion group, up to the minute news on mercury related issues like dental amalgams, and information for the consumer on mercury poisoning, detoxification, and other health concerns.
dental amalgam is the most commonly used dental filling material. the dental profession refers to this material as ''silver amalgam," ''silver fillings," or just ''amalgam fillings." dental amalgam is a mixture of mercury and a metal alloy. the normal composition is 45-55% mercury; approximately 30% silver, and other metals such as copper, tin and zinc, dependent upon each manufacturer’s specific formula.
just one drop of mercury in a lake would poison the lake to the extent that the environmental protection agency (epa) would ban it from fishing. a dental mercury amalgam has more than one drop of mercury in it, which also is required to treated as a hazardous material before it goes in your mouth and after it is removed.
are you mercury toxic?symptoms of mercury toxicity vary from person to person. fill out the questionnaire to find out if you may have heavy metal toxicity. read more...
upcoming holistic living eventsno current eventsjoin us on facebook











alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
central california
northern california
southern california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
florida
south florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming











connect with us









about us
advertise with us
contact
submit your site
site map
privacy policy and disclaimer
 talkinternational.com - talkinternational.org - copyright © 1997-2025 all rights reserved



 




 talkinternational.com




talkinternational.com
mercury-free/biological/holistic dentist & professionals directoryproducts & health solutions directorydo you need help? or want to get involved?related issues

fluoridevaccinationsgmosnutritional supplement regulationholistic living back
order or renew your listing

join us!manage your listing back
mercury and other health topics in the newsmercury toxicity info

going to the dentist: what you need to knowheavy metal detoxificationarticles & researchmedia libraryinformative linksare you mercury toxic?meridian tooth chart back
community

discussion groupsevents-seminars-conferencesmercury poisoning storiesorganizationshelp the cause! donate!people making a differencecurrent legislative activitiesjoin us on facebook back


			× close panel		







manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
preferences
save preferences
preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent



































