



the best rock dust, organic fertilizer, worm castings, natural pest control for san diego | organic lawn fertilizer, biodynamic farming supplies, tree fertilizer, permaculture









































javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                










agrowinn: the best in organic fertilizers!

log inlog out | my account
find a store
check out

my cart




we offer the best in: rock dust (mineral fertilizer), pure organic worm castings (pure worm manure, earthworm fertilizer), organic fertilizers, organic soil amendments, organic rose food, organic citrus and avocado fertilizer, organic vegetable fertilizer, all natural lawn fertilizer, all natural acid fertilizer, all natural palm tree fertilizer, alternatives to golf course chemical pesticide, organic pest control, beneficial nematodes, natural deer repellent, natural rabbit repellent, natural dog repellent, natural cat repellent, natural snake repellent, organic gardening supplies, cannabis worm castings, fertilizer for cannabis, compost spreader top dresser, organic tree fertilizer, hydroponics & aquaponics, azomite alternative, volcanic rock dust, micronized rock dust, organic rock flour, pure rock flour, mineral powder, permaculture and biodynamic farming supplies.located in the san diego area of california. 







homesoil amendmentsrock dust (mineral fertilizer) - cdfa(oim), wsdaorganic worm castings - cdfa (oim), omribest buy combofertilizersorganic rose and flower food - cdfa (oim)organic citrus and avocado food - cdfa (oim)organic vegetable food - cdfa (oim)acid lovers plant food (100% all natural)palm food (100% all natural)all natural lawn food (100% all natural)all purpose plant food (100% all natural)custom blendingnatural pest controldiatomaceous earth (food grade)beneficial nematodeshumane squirrel trapnatural gopher repellentnatural cat repellentnatural dog repellentnatural snake repellentnatural rabbit repellentnatural deer repellentorange guard (indoor/outdoor)orange guard (for ornamental plants)applicatorsdustin mizercompost spreader / top dressertipsblogby product >rock dust (mineral fertilizer)worm castingslawn foodpalm foodby usage >organic home gardeningorganic farms and agriculturevineyards and viticulturehydroponics and aquaponicslandscapingcitrus and avocado treesorchards and tree caregreen housesgolf coursescontactfind a storeaboutcontact info















subscribe














browse all products




































home gardening

 
                        agrowinn organic fertilizers carries a full line of products to support you in creating the ultimate organic home garden. >>more



landscaping


                       for many years, agrowinn has been a landscaper's best friend.  our soil amendments and fertilizers provide the foundation support for excellent landscaping. >>more



vineyards


                        organically certified vineyards and viticulture enthusiasts require the highest quality organic fertilizers and soil amendments to create world-class wines. agrowinn's products are your best source for healthy grapevines. >>more



agriculture


                        organic farms require the best organic fertilizers and soil amendments for top-quality produce. agrowinn provides the highest quality products to meet your agriculture needs. >>more



hydroponics


                       agrowinn's products are ideal for hydroponic growing.  read more about how our products can improve the quality of your hyroponically grown produce. >>more



aquaponics


                       aquaponics is an exciting and up-and-coming agricultural practice.  agrowinn provides products that promote successful growing. >>more



orchards


                       organic orchards require special care.  our products ensure your soil is balanced for superb tasting produce and abundant fruit production. >>more



greenhouses


                       greenhouse growers love our products.  from produce to flowers, our soil amendments and fertilizers are the ideal choice for greenhouse growing. >>more



golf courses


                       we provide the highest quality natural soil amendments and organic fertilizers for golf courses. >>more




latest blog post:   palm and lawn fertilizer sale - 15% off!


about our organic fertilizers and soil amendments
agrowinn produces a full line of organic fertilizers and soil amendments, for all your gardening needs. rock dust -- aka rock powder or stonemeal (stone meal), worm castings, aka earth worm castings or castings. these are 100% natural, organic products, for use in all types of soils or hydroponically grown plants. use them on any flower, fruit and ornamental trees, shrubs, lawns, and especially on vegetables which require organic plant food for nutrients. 
we strive to be the best resource for organic, environmentally-safe fertilizers and other soil amendments. in doing so, we provide effective solutions for all your gardening and landscaping problems.
why organic is superior to chemical fertilizers
fertilization with high concentrations of nitrogen, potassium, and/or phosphorus (n-p-k such as 15-15-15 or 20-20-20), stimulates rapid initial plant uptake of trace minerals (also known as trace elements) without providing for their replacement.
excessive nitrogen reduces the valuable calcium available to the plant. calcium is a "cation", together with magnesium, potassium, and sodium. a reduction in the available calcium, always leads to an imbalance in the "cation exchange". if cations are out of balance, anions will also not work properly, nor will several important trace elements.
excessive nitrogen use is also leading to a "tightening" of vast amounts of soil on agricultural land. additionally, a mostly unknown fact is that the carrier materials for chemical fertilizers can be sewage sludge, and sludge represents about 80% of the weight of that fertilizer. this type of granulated fertilizer is commonly used for lawns and turfs.
liquid fertilizer, which is widely used in commercial agriculture, causes the leaching of a large amount of n-p-k into the ground. this is one of the most serious environmental problems we have today. the government will soon require water run-off impact permits if this problem isn't dealt with by industry and consumers.
for some time, researchers, using fairly coarse rock dust (the only kind available to them) have tried to justify the remineralization of the soil with rock dust. the question now is no longer whether to re-mineralize, but where to get the best universal rock dust.
how agrowinn can help!
agrowinn's fertilizers and soil amendments are environmentally friendly and will not leach into your ground water. these products also do not contain excessively high concentrations of nitrogen, potassium, and/or phosphorus, and they are also more efficient, both in the short-term and the long-term.
 



















customer service

contact info
shipping
return policy
privacy policy
payment options
sales tax
for chinese speakers中文產品說明



about us

about agrowinn
testimonials
photo gallery
blog
sitemap
links



product categories

soil amendments
organic fertilizer
natural pest control
applicators





agrowinn fertilizers - spoerri, inc.
1422 calle christopherencinitas, ca 92024888-794-3674   fax: 760-632-9695
 









site by hilltop media design




