





the kitchen project , the complete cooking experience

















exploring more than just recipes 
                    some of it's history 
                    and background. let's make a project in the kitchen! 
about the project | contact us | awards | 




 


dec 24, 2024
jewish corn rye 
this is an iconic bread made popular in the jewish delis at the turn of the 20th century. the term "corn" is misleading in that that corn or corn meal in the dough itself. it is highly in demand where it was sold, but being that it is a bit time consuming to make it hasn't become mainstream. it's flavor is incredible though and worth a consideration to take on as a project. 



dec 19, 2024
elisenlebkuchen
named after his daughter elise 

                  this lebkuchen has no flour, just nuts and candied orange peel. 
                  they have become one of my favorite christmas cookies
                



nov 26, 2024
german apple pie
                  apfel mürbeteig
similar to an apple pie 
                  but uses a springform pan 
                
 



nov 26, 2024
german borscht
i know this is thought of as a russian dish. 
                russia and germany have connected in many ways. 
                however this is a culinary classic that 
                is not all about beets, it is a diversely layered flavorful dish with rich stock, an array of vegetables, sweet and sour and aromatic herbs and spices.
                top it with sour cream, and hearty dark rye bread on the side. 
                



nov 25, 2024
königsberger klopse
this dish originates from the city of königsberg and is very popular there. it is characterized by meatballs simmered in broth rather than fried. the sauce is then flavored with cream or sour cream, lemon and capers. 



nov 21, 2024
chicken and dumplings
it's chilly and the nothing warms you up
                  better than chicken and dumplings 
                



oct. 31, 2024
pumpkin stew in the shell 
this is a fun dish to make and celebrate
                  the pumpkin season. 
the history of the pumpkin



october 23, 2024
christa's goulash soup 
most folks think of goulash as a thickened stew but it is also a soup, in hungary where it originated. 
                  it is called gulyáleves
                
christa's mom made this in her restaurant in germany and so the recipe is germanized a bit but so simple and good. 



oct 13, 2024
the history of pimento cheese
often called "southern caviar"
                  with the global reach of the internet this 
                  is becoming a world wide 
                  appetizer, sandwich and burger 
                  favorite. 
                where did it start and how do you make it? 



oct 12, 2024
german fresh apple 
                  sponge cake 
                  (apfel biskuitkuchen)
                
this is one of my most popular cakes 
                  and so simple to make. lots of fresh apples, eggs 
                  and yogurt or sour cream base. 
                



sept 30, 2024
frikadellen in onion sauce
this is reminicent of salisbury steak in a german way,
                  with lots of onions. 
                  
                it is a family recipe for the meat mix.                



sept. 25, 2024 
german sunken apple cake 
(versunkener apfelkuchen) 
this a wonderful easy recipe that 
                  you mix the simple batter and fill the sprinform pan only an inch. then put the apple slices in and bake it you get this nice effect showing the apples. 
                



ninfa's green sauce 
                  and 
                  pico de gallo 
they are part of the fajita project 
                    but they go with so many other things
                    as well as a bag of chips. 
                  



sept 2, 2024
german style 
                  home made noodles 
                  in 
                  chicken soup 
                  
 
                the perfect meal to use 
                that left over rotissere chicken. 



aug 31, 2024

                  german roasted potatoes
                  or bbqued
                



aug 25, 2024
frikadelllen

a german style hamburger

frikadellen on the grill 
this is very different than hamburgers in 
                  the us. they are a mix of pork and beef, and 
                other added flavors. then are not usually served 
                on a bun. 
                
                videos of chefs and cooks making frikadellen 




aug 22, 2024
black forest cherry soup
                  with 
                  meringue dumplings. 
this is a wonderful light dessert and a great way to



aug 2, 2024
flammenkuchen on the grill
right on the 
                  grill grates
                



july 17, 2024
flammenkuchen in the air fryer 
i am finally getting some fantastic results 
                  with using an air fryer making a nice flammenkuchen for 1 or 2 folks. it is easy to make a second one you can air fry as your eating the first. 
                



june 13, 2024
flammenkuchen
this is a wonderful german style pizza. 
                    it comes from alsace and uses a "no yeast" pizza crust. 
                    it is crispy and cracker like, 
                    a sour cream style base, and wonderful. it goes together 
                    in minutes, no rise time. 
                    




june 11, 2024 
german pizza with bacon and asparagus
flammenkuchen mit spargel
german style pizza (flame cake) 
                    is characterized by a thin cracker like crust 
                    and a creamy sour cream style base. 
                    





may 20, 2024 
the history of fajitas
a work in progress,
but an amazing journey. 



march 20, 2024
another german onion egg tart with spinach
                  for easter. 
zwiebelkuchen mit spinat 





feb 21, 2024
zwiebelkuchen
                  (from the style in baden)                  
a german style quiche with 
                    lots of sauted onions, bacon and chees. 
                    i do this both crustless and with a crust. 
                  
 



feb 16, 2023
the history of filet mignon 
this seemingly obvious term 
                  has an interesting anomoly that the us
                  is the only place that calls it that.?
it's fun to see how this came about in the early 1900's. 





feb 13, 2024
crustless quiche 
                  with 
                  spinach filling 
this makes a nice breakfast or light dinner. 
the history of quiche lorraine  




oct 30, 2023
pumpkin soup
                  in a pumpkin tureen 
a wonderful way to celebrate the fall, 
                get an extra pumpkin and 
                do a soup for your fall
                or halloween get together.
                
pumkin has an interesting history 
                  read about it here. 
                



oct 25, 2023
pizza dough recipe using 00 flour 
you may of heard of this italian style flour 
                  they like to use for pizza. it makes it easier to work with
                  forming a pizza. 
                



oct 16, 2023
history of the shish kebab. 
                  a facinating history, this is 
                  just a start. 
                (a continuing project)



oct. 16, 2023
simple coq au vin 
don't wait till you can be totally authentic
                  to make this, this classic flavor is good with just 
                  some basic elements and goes together quick. 
                
a little summary of the 
                  history of coq au vin
                  

 



sept 17, 2023
pork schaschlik 
                  very german! 
                  




aug 14, 2023

the history of iceberg lettuce 
this is an interesting story that goes way back to 
                  ancient times when egyptians invented the first 
                  wedge salad....just kidding, but it does is truly an 
                  interesting story, how a thorny weed progressed into this perfect 
                  crisp, mild, veristile lettuce.
                



aug14, 2023 
chicken schaschlik 
this is a popular street food in germany, that was introduced by the large turkish influence. with the german spin that reminds me of currywurst. 



aug 7, 2023
3 bean salad 
this is a family favorite that uses all canned beans, 
                  but i get rave revues on it all the time. 




july 15, 2023
fleischsalat and wurst salat
this is like the meat on a chef salad, blended with 
                  a light dressing. 
                



july 14, 2023
hackfleischsalat
diced meat salad. 
                  this would be like a tuna or chicken salad 
                  only with a variety of cold cuts or sausage, 
                  diced pickles, onions and peppers. 
                  you can use it for a sandwich, stuff and egg, tomato 
                  pepper with it....etc 
                  





july 14, 2023
hedgehog slice 
thisis a funny name for a dish and have no idea who came up with it, but it stuck. 
                  it is like the german dessert kalter hund, 
                  just a different shape, although there are many recipes for the chocolate sauce that acts as the cement for the cookies. 
                



july, 7 2023
the history of the kamado grill 
part of my summer bbq project, is to 
                expand my knowledge of cooking on grills. 
                one of my favorite is the kamado grill. 
                this is same style as the well known, 
                "big green egg". 
it is interesting that the origins of this style is 
                  centuries old, and very scientifically efficient. 
                
 


july 2, 2023
black forest cherry parfait
this is what you do with the leftover 
                black forest cake. 
                don't throw it away! 
                



june 27, 2023 
black forest cherry lava cake 
this is a chocolate lava cake topped with  a 
                    cherry 
                    schnapps syrup, and garnished with cherries and whipped cream. when cut open you can see it oozes chocolate "lava" 




june 18, 2023
frikadellers, and other 
                  german burgers. 

                  like most of us a beautiful blend...
                  and a really cool name ! 
                  




june 17, 2023
the history of the baking powder wars
you may think this was boring but it is quite 
                  a story, filled with a bitter war between brands,
                  ending up in scandals, and lawsuits. 

                  that just shows how important this product was 
                  back in the early 1900's when baking was more of a chore in the household
                  





erdbeer tortenboden
strawberry torte 
this is a simple sort of dessert to make with a sponge cake base, whipped cream and a simple glaze made with a strawberry jello mixed with fresh strawberries. 



may 30, 2023
chile relleno 
                  with cheese 
there are 2 styles of chile relleno, stuffed with cheese or a meat picadillo. 


the history of chile relleno 

                  this dish has a very colorful history, including the cinco de mayo, and the mexican independence, which are 2 different things, and why 
both the relleno and cinco de mayo is more popular in the u.s. than it is in mexico. 




may 15, 2023
peanut butter and banana 
                  upside down kuchen 
                
i have been doing a lot of kuchens trying to find some 
                  easier ways to do things, rules of thumb, easy to remember recipes that you can memorize and be done in a few minutes. 
                



may 1, 2023
german apple cake kuchen 

                  this is another example of 
                  a sponge came style kuchen with 
                  apples sliced and kept intact, 
                  and embedded in the kuchen. 
                



may 1, 2023
german plum cake kuchen 

                    this is a sponge cake style kuchen, 
                    that you place quarters of plum 
                    slices in and bake. 




april 16, 2023 
peach kuchen in a 
                    springform pan. 
this is a bit different kuchen in that it doesn't 
                  have a custard filling. so i serve it with whipped cream. 
 



april 8, 2023
apple kuchen in a springform pan
my grandma usually did her kuchens in a rectangular baking dish. i prefer now to make them in a springform pan, being able to present the full crust on the sides and also i love the triangle  wedges. 



march 6, 2023
chicken zigeunerschnitzel
this is an interesting schnitzel that i find 
                  is more of direction than an exact recipe. 
                the nice flavor of cooked sweet peppers with a little sweet and sour. 



feb 20. 2023
schnitzel with mushrooms
                  in the 
                  trees 
                
schnitzel is an edible canvas for you to express 
                  your culinary art and use what you have on hand. 




jan 23, 2023
skillet roasted brussels sprouts
                  with 
                  garlic, parmesan, and orange zest 
                  

this is right now my favorite recipe for 
                  doing brussels sprouts. you get a nice crispy, sweet 
                  caramelization on the cut end and tender crisp green sprout
                  with the body.                  
the history of brussels sprouts 




jan 15, 2023
schweitzer steak
this is a german swiss steak. 
                  this interesting recipe from the 18th century, 
                  is bacon wrapped. 




jan 4, 2023
lobster thermidor 
a brief history of this classic dish that survives the 
                  century. 
                this recipe uses the sous vide to 
                pre cook the lobster. 
                great results! 



dec 21 2022
almond crecents 
                  vanilla kipferl 
these are one of my favorite cookies. 
                  they have a real clean simple buttery 
                  vanilla flavor 






nov 21, 2022
flammenkuchen
                    (german pizza)
                  
this is a very special pizza and not really like american pizza. 
                  the crust has no yeast so it's  texture is like a cracker, super crispy! 
                the traditional toppings are mild, like a sour cream and bacon. 
i hope you give this a try as you won't be dissapointed. 
 



nov 17, 2022
pork reuben rouladen 
marriage of a german and 
                  a german-american dish. 
                  i think it's perfect! 
 



oct 1, 2022
some oktoberfest appetizer ideas for your
                  celebration 
if you want to do something simple and finger foodie, 
                  get some good german beer and put on some music
                  then go here for some ideas, 
                  vorspeisen board, german buffalo wings, 
                  pumpernickel and lox and more. 
                  




sept 27, 2022
the history of fried rice 
this dish has proved it's worthiness by being over 
                  1500 years old. 

part of the history is the evolution of the techniques that give it 
                  superior flavor. 
                
to the right is my fried rice with vegetables and eggs 
historical look at "the secrets of chinese cooking".
fried rice recipes through history 



sept 15, 2022 
a fun german oktoberfest dinner 
the month of september, starts are celebration of oktoberfest. 
                  there are many ways to do it, we like to have simple dinners 
                  and enjoy the fall weather outside or just listen to some good german 
                  music.                  
smoked bratwurst with german style kraut 
cold style german potato salad 




june 11, 2022
asparagus soup 
or
                    asparagus soup
                    with strawberry topping 
                    and 
                    baby dumplings 
the beauty of strawberries and asparagus goes well 
                    in soup as well as salad. 
                  
2022 


june 10, 2022
asparagus salad with strawberries 
this is a wonderful combination of ingredients that 
                  i  thought sounded just odd for so many years. 
                  i kept asparagus recipes in a box of how they should be. 
                  i've broken through this year and made this with a nice lemon garlic mayonnaise. 



the history of umami,
                  the fifth taste 
                
this is brief of course as it is an enormous subject in information and 
                  as interesting as the subject is flavorful. here i wanted to give an overview that 
                doesn't get too far into the weeds or "seeweeds" of chemistry, so to speak. 



april 30, 2022
spring tonic

                fresh spring greens with bacon dressing 
                with a poached egg. 
                



april26, 2022
spring spargel dinner 
                  in a german theme 
this uses a creamy green herb sauce that is based on an old 
                  german "frankfurter green sauce" and a mediterranean sauce that 
                is 
                very popular in germany today tzatziki sauce. 
                



april 16, 2022
the history of eggs benedict 
today is national eggs benedict day! 
this dish was not so much invented on a certain day or place, but 
                it is more an "evolution" this article points out many different recipes from newspapers 
                over a century ago. 
                




april 13, 2022
the history of eggs ala goldenrod 
this is one of the many variations of 
                  "eggs on toast"
it is as old as 1896 when it was published in 
                  fannie farmers cookbook                  
go to the foodhistorycafe for recipes 




march 16, 2022
how about a comforting coddle
                  dublin style, 
                  for
                  
                st patrick's day 
here is a version my irish german friend taught me 
here is some history and some video's 
                  from real irish folk 




oct 12, 2021 
dumpling rolls 
                  filled with cabbage and meat filling 
this is a cool main dish, but something that is cool to take to an oktoberfest party. 
  



may 9, 2021
strawberry rhubarb kuchen 
this is an interesting kuchen that uses some of the kuchen dough for a topping
                instead of using a streusal. you can of course use a streusal if you want. 




feb23, 2021
berliners 
this is probably one of the most popular donuts
                  in the world. 
                every country has a name for them 
                my grandma made them and deep fried them 
                i make like to cook them in oil and now air fry them, 
air fried berliners 
 




feb 14, 2021
this is a great dessert for valentines day
                  that is simple and a flexible recipe, combining
                  left over chocolate cake, cherry brandy, 
                black forest style cherries and 
                real whipped cream. 
parfait 
                  black forest cherry 
                



feb9,, 2021
the wonderful world of 
                    pickling vegetables 
                  
an introduction to how to pickle vegetables, like sauerkraut, dilled green beans, 
                  and any vegetable you can think of, featuring 
                sandor katz, the king of fermentation. 



jan 30, 2021
exploring the currywurst                
this is a seemingly anomoly to have curry and bratwurst come together. 
                  it is as popular in berlin as the hamburger is in the u.s. 
                  it is a bratwurst and topped with a nice "curry catsup" that has interesting ingredients to spice it up. 
 
 



jan 22, 2021
eaton's german potato salad
this is such a neat idea i am going to expand upon, 
                  as i think this is such a perfect side dish to go with your 
                  brat, or burger, or schnitzel, or bbq chicken, shrimp kabob 
                  your thinking of making. 
the history of german potato salad...



jan 12, 2020 

sauerkraut with apples 
fresh home made fermented from green and purple cabbage
                  sweet and tart apples, carrot. 
                  




dec 31, 2020
easy chili relleno casserole 
chili relleno's are a favorite all over the world 
                    and one of the top dishes in mexican cuisine. 
                    here is an easier version than the traditional egg dipped and fried ones. 
the history of chili relleno's 
 



nov 23, 2020, 
plum kuchen  
this is an easy kuchen to make and pretty laying the plums in
                    quarters around the springform pan 
                  
 



feb 11, 2020
jewish corn rye
this very delicious rye bread has nothing to do with corn or really being jewish. it was popular in the jewish deli's in new york, then hence the name. 

                  it has a 2 day starter that uses half an onion in it for flavor. 
 



the hoagie 
former mayor in 1992 declared the hoagie the official sandwich of philadephia 
how are they made? 
what is the history?




nov 26, 2019 
cooking the perfect turkey 



nov 13, 2019 
original recipe german chocolate cake
the history of 
                    german's chocolate cake
a look into the history of this 
                    recipe that went viral in 1957 
                    and is 
                  still going strong. 



nov 9, 

jaegerkohl
mean's hunters cabbage and simple fried cabbage 
                  but there is an art to it. 
                



nov 9, 2019
butternut squash spaetzle 
blending some cooked butternut squash
                  makes a wonderful flavor and texture 
                  




nov 9, 2019
cabbage and spaetzle 
                    casserole 
 



nov 8, 2019
mississippi pot roast
this is a simple 5 ingredient
                  pot roast 
                  recipe
                  taking the interenet by storm. 
                  check it 
                  out it is delicious! 
 


nov 2, 2019
pear honey
                  (birnenhonig) 
pear honey is essentially cooked ripe pears into a sauce. 
                  they do resemble more of a honey than applesauce. 
                



oct 29, 2019
the history of 
                  st. louis style bbq pork steaks

true regional bbq americana 
read the latest food history newsletter 




oct 26, 2019
kohlrouladen
stuffed cabbage rolls, this is a german version, and technique for cooking them. 



oct 21, 2019 
pear bread or apple bread 

birnenbrot or schnitzbrot 
 





oct 18, 2019
pear kuchen 
a fall favorite and one of my favorite fruits. 
                  using a yeast sweet dough as a base, 
                  simple custard filling and streusal topping 
                



oct 15,2019
warm butternut squash salad 
                  one of the featured salads in the recent.....

tasty bites 
                  cooking newsletter 
                  




ot 11, 2019 
pumpkin soup
this isn't pumpkin pie in soup form, it is so good it is the national soup of australia, but they do it also like this german recipe. the secret, it is half potatoes and have pumpkin, or a blend like in this recipe with butternut squash as well. 



oct 10, 2019
emma's hot bacon dressing
this is my grandma's "house dressing" that we had most every meal and we never got tired of it. 
the history of warm salads 
the history of ancient greens



oct 10, 2019
curly play on salad frisee
this absolutely wonderful warm salad is based on a classic salad that you would find in a bistro in lyon, france. the recipe uses frisee lettuce but we used curly endive. i love the poached egg on top of the salad.
the history of warm salads 
the history of ancient greens



sept. 26, 2019
chicken lettuce wraps 
                (copy cat pf changs) 
                well in the spirit of
this is a lower fat version but extremely high flavor using chopped mushrooms in the mix as well as the chopped water chestnuts. i hope that chef phillip chang would find these a good representation of the master piece he created. 



sept 24 2019
weisenhendl 
                  (oktoberfest chicken) 
how to perpare perhaps the most popular food at the munich oktoberfest...... what makes it so special? 



sept 20, 2019 
cuban black bean soup
use the techniques of the cubans and use a "sofrito" and an a sliced orange to give this black bean soup a special flavor 



sept. 16, 2019 
braised red russian kale 
                    with 
                    tomatoes, onions and wine 
you can of course use any kale with this recipe, 
                  i just like the red russian variety, and want to share it. 
                  i don't know if it is available in stores but it is easy to grow indoors or out. 
                  




sept 13, 2019
decade of development
how the home and kitchen have developed
over the last 10 years 




july 6, 2019
 braised hackurei turnips 
                    with 
                    balsamic glaze 
these golf ball size turnips are mild but snappy unique flavor and nice firm texture. 



march 11, 2019
cauliflower and corn grits 
                  topped with poached eggs 
                  with bacon and red eye gravy
                
i really was happy with this dish and can't wait
                  to try this again. the cauli corn grits are a winner
                both the cauliflower and the onions and bacon add so much to it. 



march, 10, 2019
the history of 
                  country ham with red eye gravy 




march 5, 2019 
child friendly 
                thai chicken curry 
my friend carl the kitchen dad came up with this, and is working to make great meals that are unique and broaden their horizons, and can participate in the making. my hat is off to him. 



feb 27, 2019 
banana's foster crepes 

                    a great twist on the classic dessert from 
                    brennan's in new orleans 
                    




feb 25, 2019 
skewered brussels sprouts 

if you have never liked brussels sprouts this is a great way to give them another try. the sear on the sprouts sweetens them and the bacon seasons the sprouts giving a nice contrast. 
the history of brussels sprouts 




feb 24, 2019
judy's juicy chicken burger 
this is one of our favorite burgers, lean and made out of ground chicken breast, we cut down the calories with the trimings and the bun, but there is no lack of flavor 





feb 20, 2019
frikadeller 
this is a funny name for a burger 
                  but that is what they call it in lots of places in germany 
                  it is a bit different, using usually 2 different meats, it has a "panade" in it, onions and some seasoning. 
                  well worth trying. 
                  




feb 18, 2019 
erdbeer tortenboden 
                    strawberry torte 
                    

this is a nice desert with a sponge came like base and filling with a strawberries with a strawberry gel to set them. 




feb 18, 2019
jerk chicken fajita 

a nice blend of two cultures make this the best fajita i have ever had. 



feb 17, 2019
smoking valentine rum punch 
we are discovering the historical fun 
                    or experimenting with punch recipes. 
                    yup they are not all sickeninly sweet. 
the history of punch



feb 14, 2019
love foods,
                    a study on aphrodisiacs 

can a food promote romance 
                    and arrousal? 



feb 8, 2019
plum kuchen 
                    in a sprinform pan 
                    with 
                    streusal 

                    this recipe i made off the cuff 
                    with 
                    self rising flour and featured it in this newsletter 



feb 5, 2019
buffalo breast wings 
a leaner version of the famous buffalowings 
                    using black and white sesame seeds and for dipping sunflower shoots 




jan, 27, 2019
black forest 
                    armer ritter 
chocolate french toast with morello cherries syrup
                    and vanilla sauce 




jan 26, 2019
the history of schweinshaxe 
                    and 
                    eisbein 
not only a spectacular glorious looking meal, 
did you know they use to make ice skates wth that big bone?



armer ritter 
                    (poor knight) 

                  this is the german version of french toast 
                  it is a bit different with a great history as well. 
                  go to the food history cafe 
                  for today's special 



jan 19, 2019
the history of french toast 
so why do they call it french? 



jan 13, 2019
                  berliner eisbein with 
                    sauerkraut, boiled potatoes, and 
                    erbsen (pea) puree 
this is more popular than schweineshaxe in 
                    berlin. the pea puree 
                    is very delicious, especially with the fried onion strips. 



dec 28, 2018 
basic bratwurst making 
this recipe shows you how to grind and stuff your own brats. 
the german way is in many ways different than in the states. the grind is very fine much of the different styles. 



dec 21, 2018 
mulled wine 
                    or in german 
                    glühwein



dec. 21, 2018
roasted goose 
this is a traditional german christmas dinner, 
                    and increasing in popularity all over europe. 



dec 19, 
lets make some stollen 
german christmas bread. 
                    of all the christmas pastries my grandma made, this remains
                    our favorite. 



dec 18, 2018 
the history of stollen 
"stollen"  is one of the many native christmas breads 
                    that are made in different cultures aound the world. 
                    this is from germany and so popular they have a festival in dresden, germany that celebrates it for over 500 years. 




dec14, 2018
growing your own mushrooms 
i had a lot of fun with this simple kit that gives you a block of stuff that you water and it grows mushrooms, for me in about 10 days. 
you can buy the kit here 



dec 6, 2018 
the history of sauerkraut 

over 2000 years of history and it is making a comeback, 
                    from yummy dishes to a love food. 



nov17, 2018
crockpot german sauerkraut dinner 
this is a nice one pot dinner that uses nice broth and seasonings to flavor the kraut and a selection of meats and potatoes. 



nov8, 2018
schupfnudeln with sauerkraut and bacon
this is like a "noodle roni" dish that you might make for an easy weekday supper adding some meat and vegies to a pasta with a nice seasoning.

                    while some schupfnudeln is like a very basic egg noodle this one which is popular in many areas of germany mixes, mashed potato+flour+eggs.
all schupfnudeln though has a long tubular shape. they are fun to make also! 

 


october 17. 2018
juniper chicken 

this was a favorite in our restaurant and simple to make. 
                    i named this dish because our restaurant in bend, oregon had beautiful high desert landscapes with beautiful juniper, which i love the look and scent of. 
                    i have expanded on the recipe using actual ground juniper berries to season the  chicken. also instead of the aneheim chilies i use hatch.
the history of juniper spice



july 4th, 2018 
the history of 
                    pompano 
                    en 
                    papillote 
this is an american classic of finer cuisine developed in the 
                    historic family run restaurant antoines in 
new oreleans 



july 4, 2018 
tilapia en papiollte 
this is a replica of the famous pompano en papillote that
                    is a classic dish that was created 
                    by anitoine's restaurant 



may 18, 2018
shaved asparagus with strawberry salad 
                    with dijon vinaigrette, feta cheese 
                    and pumpernickel 
the shavings make a nice texture to the salad. 




may 17, 2018
chicken and asparagus foil bake 
this age old technique used by nomads to gourmet chefs seals in the flavors and makes a fun presentation. 



may 16, 2018
asparagus in 
                    german herb sauce 
this is a unique sauce with 7 traditional herbs 



may 12, 2018
german style 
                    crepes with asparagus, ham and cheese sauce 

                    (crepes mit spargel, schinken  und käsesosse) 



may 9, 2018
gravlax 
                    or gravad lachs 
cured salmon, how to make your own



may 7, 2018
how to use a mandoline 
                    and 
                    some great slicing tips 
also have you ever wondered how this slicing tool got it's name?  also other fun facts ....

 
                    the history of the mandoline 



may 5, 2018
asparagus fries 
                    (spargel- pommes) 
                    it is asparagus time in germany, festivals and 
                    roadside stands everywhere, 
                    here is a fun recipe for the thin ones if that is all you can find. 



april 30
romaine lettuce wraps
                    with shrimp in peanut sauce 
nice appetizer or main



april 29, 2018
lettuce wraps 
                    with asian chicken filling 
                    and shredded vegetables 



april, 22, 2018
sausage rice casserole 
on the food history cafe menu 

this is a mid century classic that my kinds, niece's still ask for the recipe. 
it was cutting edge in the day using the very convenient lipton soup mix with the little noodles. a dished borrowed from eastern europe and became a classic and inspiration for a household product rice a roni. 





april 21, 2018
strammer brat
this is a power breakfast of protien, home made brats and an egg and seasoned with lots of onion and peppers in beer. 
to make your own brats....



april 15, 2018
cauliflower spaetzle 
this recipe uses about 70% cauliflower and 30 % flour 
                    the flavor and texture is excellent. 



april13, 2018
bienestich kuchen

                    (bee sting cake)
this is made from a german mix that i tested and i was very pleased with the natural flavors of the product. 

here is a recipe from scratch 



april 11, 2018
caesar salad 

the original recipe, the technique, the history, 
                    what a wonderful salad 



april 9, 2018
smoked salmon lox 
                    on clover shaped toast 
in germany the 4 leaf clover is a symbol of good luck and fortune, but it has to be 4 leaf. 




april 6, 2016
whole grain spaetzle 
the whole grain gives a nice nutty taste. for a lighter flavor use 
                    white whole wheat flour 



april 6, 2018 
chicken paprikash 
this is like a goulash made with chicken. it is a blend of cuisines. 
                    the hungarian names and versions are a bit different. 



april 4, 2018
red flannel hash 
                    corned beef hash with beets 
                    (in germany it is called labskaus) 



april 2, 2018
german mahogany smoked ham
                    (smoked on the kamado grill and finished in the oven with wine) 
this was a winner! 



march 30, 2018
german baked pancake 
                    (dutch babys)
this has been a favorite of ours for ages. i have thought it was the perfect easter breakfast or brunch as it celebrates with eggs. 



march 23, 2018
corned beef hash
perfect for leftovers from st. patrick. it is not just a throw it in the pan dish but there are lots of great techniques to make it great. 



march 15 2018
german america 
                    st patricks day dinner 
corned beef and german traditional gruenkohl
                    salzkartoffeln 



march 7, 2018
some breakfast crepes
jamaican banana crepe and chicken spinach crepe




march 7, 2018
gallete- bretonne 
this is a crepe made with half buckwheat and half white flour, 
                    traditionally some of the bretonne buckwheat crepes will use all buckwheat flour, however it can be difficult to work with. 



march 2, 2018
judyq's breakfast pizza 
this is a very fat friendly breakfast pizza using a white whole crust and
and fat friendly pepperonni, spinach and black beans. 




feb 20, 2018
jewish corn rye
this is a very interesting bread that has uses a starter that takes 2 days, and includes a halved onion to give it flavor. there is no corn or cornmeal in the dough. i think it gets it's name from a german word "korn which means grain. this bread made popular by the jewish population that had deli's in new york. 




feb 19, 2018
rustic german farmer's bread 
                    made with soda 
this uses 3 different grains, and buttermilk and soda to help it rise. 
                    it is simple to make and very delicious like regular bread. 



feb 11, 2018
knieküchle 
another nice fasching pastry. 
sometimes called knee patches in the us as they origionally were stretched over your knee to get a thin center. this way it cooks faster. 



feb8, 2017 
 buffalo wings tmg
                    (fat friendly) 
these are made out of chicken breast and baked with a light breading using egg white as a binder. i was amazed at how good these taste and give you the sports like experience of biting them off the bone. this is the evolution of an american dish that started out by accident 



jan 12, 2018
gaisburger marsch
this is german for "the march of gaisburg, which is a district of stuttgart, germany. there are varying stories of how this rich beef stew got it's name, one says that the soldiers loved the stew so much they marched all the way to a restaurant in gaisburg named bäckerschmide.



jan 5, 2018
german style beet borscht
this is really a german-russian recipe 
                    that uses a well flavored bone broth, 
                    root vegetables and interestingly enough 
                    you top it off with a sprinkle of cinnamon when 
                    you serve it. 




nov 11, 2017
schmorbraten 
(pot roast braised in beer) 
don't settle for water when you can use beef. a good beer not to light and not too dark works great for braising liquid instead of a stock and gives a wonderful flavor in this dish. 



nov 9, 2017
kaesekuchen with peach sauce 
this is a german style cheese cake that is made with farmers cheese or cheese curds and cream cheese so it has more texture and also not as sweet. it was my dad's favorite. 



sept 23, 2017

                    make your own vanilla extract 

it is starting to cool and think about baking 
                    it is very easy to make and 
                    also make variations
                    with cherries or almonds 



sept 16, 2017
spiessbraten
                    stuffed pork loin with onions and spices 
this is a specialty from the southwestern
                    part of germany in the saarland.
                    they have a long history of a special style of 
                    bbq grilling that is phenomenal. 




sept 14, 2017
zucchini and potato pancakes
                    with applesauce 
if you want to cut down on some carbs this is a nice alternative. you can of course use whatever ratio potatoes to zucchini you want but i like it about half and half and i add a bit of mashed potatoes. 



sept 10, 2017
zoodles with pork, parmesan and spinach 
doing zoodles (zucchini) noodles the right way makes them a great substitute for pasta. really amazing!
you can also go some zoodles and some pasta like i did in this recipe



jan3, 2017
lentil soup with frankfurter
lentil soup is the perfect winter meal.
                    the german's enhance it with a frankfurter in the center. 



nov 3, 2016
birnen bohnen and speck

                    this is a classic german dish, that uses non-ripe pears, and simmer them whole in a pot with a good stock simmered with speck,(german bacon) and then add some potatoes and green beans, i substituted a pork shank and streaky american bacon with this.



nov 1, 2016
pork rouladen cuban style
this german specialty is a take on the cuban sandwiches that are very popular in the u.s. that include ham, swiss cheese and dill pickle. 



sept. 29, 2016
pork geschnetseltes
this is a great german dish similar to a stroganoff with thin strips of meat and a nice sauce. a great dish to make on the spot when you haven't planned anything. 
it is also a comfort food popular by most all picky tastes



nov 14, 2014 
sauerkraut 
the new love food? 

how to make small batch sauerkraut 
                    in just a few days, not much mess at all 
                    no long term fermenting cabbage in the garage for months. 
go here to make small batch kraut 



july 11 , 2013
a brief history of cake 
 this simple article shows how this delicacy
                    has come from bread to cake. 



 
 





free recipe and cooking tips newsletter 
read latest issue of "tasty bites" newsletter 
 



 



  
the kitchen project is an amazon affiliate. 
              i receive a small commission from sales 
            from the amazon product links on all the pages from the kitchen projectfull affiliate disclosure policy
more traffic to your food blog? 
              get the best deals here.
know how to save money 
              on everything you do: read our
comprehensive guides. 
buy bakeware and 
            cupcake tools on dhgate.com 
 





on going projects 

recipes from a german grandma 
                    find a lost recipe your grandma use to make lots of german-american recipes posted 
german goodies newsletter

                    food history 
have you wondered about where a certain dish got started? 
food history newsletter 
bbq project 
                    i love working on the bbq so i dedicated a special project to it. 
the pizza project , 
more kitchen projects
vanilla enchantment. 
                    discovering the world of vanilla 
make your own vanilla extract 
the fried rice project





 purchase premium vanilla beans 

patricia rain, aka the vanilla quen's
              web page 











sites we love

                      buy foods cheaper with 
'food coupons
visit kitchenistic for the latest kitchen gadgets and products. 





 


shop for great deals 
              on 
              home and kitchen 
100% pure vanilla products the best ever 

premium extracts 

madagascar vanilla beans

pure ground vanilla 



 


nutri bullet high speed blender





e-mail the webmaster stephen@kitchenproject.com
        © 1998 to present 
        the kitchen project 
 this page was updated 
december 24, 2024

privacy policy 
terms and conditions
disclaimer
refund policy





 


