













































computer science | college of liberal arts and sciences | the university of iowa






































    skip to main content
  






the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of liberal arts and sciences
          






            computer science
          






search

submit search







search










site main navigation

aboutnewseventsaccess, opportunity, and diversityoutreach and public engagementmission statementhistory of the departmentjob opportunitiescontact uspeoplefacultyadjunct facultyemeritus facultypostdoctoral researchersstaffgraduate studentsdepartmental contactsundergraduate programsmajors, minors, and certificatesbachelor of arts in computer sciencebachelor of arts in informaticsbachelor of science in computer sciencebachelor of science in data sciencebachelor of science in informaticsbachelor of science in engineering - computer science and engineeringminor in computer scienceminor in informaticscertificate in public digital artscombined bachelors/masters programsba/mcs and bs/mcs u2g programbse/mcs u2g programgrinnell ba/mcs u2g programinformatics ba/ms and bs/ms u2g programhonors in computer scienceundergraduate research and experimental learningcoursesadvanced placement credit policyregressiontutoringadvisingawards and scholarshipscareers and opportunitiesgraduate programsdegrees and certificatesmaster of computer sciencemaster of science in informaticsdoctor of philosophy in computer sciencedoctor of philosophy in informaticsgraduate certificate in informaticscombined bachelors/masters programscs ba/mcs and bs/mcs u2g programinformatics ba/ms and bs/ms u2g programbse/mcs u2g programgrinnell ba/mcs u2g programadmissions processadvisingcoursesfundingcareers and opportunitiesrecent phdsresearch and creative workalgorithmic foundationsartificial intelligence, machine learning, and pattern recognitioncomputer science educationformal methods and programming languageshealth- and human-centric computingsystemsundergraduate research and experimental learningresearch spotlightsuniversity of iowa spearheads project to set ethical guidelines for youth and xr technologyundergraduate research week 2021undergraduate research week 2020fall undergraduate research festival 2019fall undergraduate research festival 2018resourcesfacilitiesspeaker's bureaustudent organizationsexploreurobot theaterrobot theater summer camprobot theater workshopsinternship debriefscomputing supportjob postingsalumnialumni profilesrecent phdsclas alumni and friendsui alumni and friends50th anniversary | 2015 u of i computing conference wrap-up

























        current spotlights
      







 









        department welcomes two new faculty members
      





                  more here!
                  






department welcomes two new faculty members
      








 









        well done!
      





                  sobel and zeinali awarded competitive spring '25 fellowships!
                  






well done!
      








 









        prof. nithyanand earns nsf career award
      





                  details here!
                  






prof. nithyanand earns nsf career award
      














        chipara et al. — uiowacs x communication sciences & disorders
      


 




“the analytical engine weaves algebraic patterns, just as the jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.” ― ada lovelace














 









        undergraduate programs
      



 develop competence in programming principles and methodologies, problem-solving techniques, mathematics, computer systems, and computational methods.



                  learn more
                  






undergraduate programs
      








 









        graduate programs
      



 preparing students for challenging technology industry careers or world-class faculty positions.



                  learn more
                  






graduate programs
      








 









        research and creative work
      



 graduate students and many undergraduates work side-by-side with faculty members, conducting breakthrough research and creative production that advances humanity’s understanding of ourselves and the complex, ever-changing world in which we live.



                  discover
                  






research and creative work
      














        news and announcements
      






 pinned content, custom sorted.





        faculty positions, fall 2025
      





                  friday, october 18, 2024
                

            the university of iowa computer science department invites applications for applications for multiple tenure- and instructional-track positions effective august 2025.











        alumna in the news: lakshmi subramanian (22phd) on "making self-driving cars safer for pedestrians"
      





                  wednesday, february 12, 2025
                

            assistant professor lakshmi subramanian, ph.d., of the department of computer science and technology, is leading a team of kean undergraduate researchers who are conducting research to understand how pedestrians behave when crossing streets in the era of autonomous vehicles.











        students featured in 2025 dare to discover campaign
      





                  monday, february 10, 2025
                

            congrats to all university of iowa dare to discover '25 campaign rising stars! special shout out to our own igpi and computer science students phuong nguyen (informatics phd), delaney norris (informatics ms), nahid zeinali (informatics phd), and liao zhu (cs bs | mathematics bs).






view more news







        spotlight
      






 












        internship debriefs
      




                  click here for student tips and insights!
                  










        upcoming events
      













        cs colloquium - large language models and human cognition
      





                  friday, february 21, 2025 3:30pm to 4:30pm
                

maclean hall


charles elkan (university of california, san diego) on "large language models and human cognition"













        the university of iowa computing conference (uicc) 2025
      





                  saturday, february 22, 2025 10:00am to 7:00pm
                

university of iowa main library


"the uicc is hosted by the students and for the students to promote computing as a science and a profession."

date: feb. 22

check out past conferences! [ 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024]

acm@uiowa welcomes students, faculty, and all members of the community to our annual uiowa computing conference! the theme for uicc 2025 is "finance and technology." on feb. 22, join us at the ajb and the main library sham auditorium for a deep exploration of how computer science and...













        cs colloquium - optimizing data systems for modern storage and memory technology
      





                  monday, february 24, 2025 3:30pm to 4:30pm
                

maclean hall


tarikul islam papon (boston university) on "optimizing data systems for modern storage and memory technology"













        research panel event: students’ use (and misuse) of generative ai tools in the classroom
      





                  wednesday, february 26, 2025 10:30am to 12:00pm
                

university capitol centre


curious about how ai is shaping student learning? the office of teaching, learning, and technology partnered with 10 university of iowa faculty members to research how students are using ai tools and their impact on learning. please register to attend.

join to:


	learn key findings from the research, including students' experiences with ai tools integrated into their course materials, their perceptions of their impact on learning, and preferences for course guidance and policies.
	listen to a...













        cs colloquium - building high-performance disaggregated database systems in cloud infrastructure
      





                  wednesday, february 26, 2025 3:30pm to 4:30pm
                

maclean hall


yi liu (university of california - santa cruz) on "building high-performance disaggregated database systems in cloud infrastructure"




view more events













        follow us!
      

follow us on social media!
twitter   linkedin




 













        26
      



  

      full-time faculty
in the department
  








        1030
      



  

      students taught in introductory courses per year (2015-2020)
  








        158
      



  

      women declared majors in the four undergraduate programs (2023-2024)
  








        136
      



  

      graduate students in computer science and informatics
  















the university of iowa






university of iowa




computer science



              college of liberal arts and sciences
            



14 maclean hall (mlh)iowa city, iowa 52242-1419319-335-0713cs-dept@uiowa.edu


social media


 instagram


 linkedin


 twitter


 bluesky





admin login



footer primary


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


visit campus


request info




footer secondary


clas advising


academic policies


myui


icon




footer tertiary


give to computer science


alumni


people


contact us







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility
















