




little italy association of san diego






























skip to main content














dine
/shop
/stay
/live
/events



calendar
sponsorship & partner opportunities
little italy mercato (saturdays & wednesdays)
the female maker market
mission fed artwalk
taste of little italy
marine band san diego summer concert


san diego padres italian heritage night
punches in little italy
state of the neighborhood
bella vita fest
trick-or-treat on india street
small business season
little italy tree lighting & christmas village


/explore



little italy tours & experiences
piazza della famiglia
piazza basilone
piazza pescatore
piazza giannini
piazza villaggio
piazza costanza
little italy landmark sign


amici park
amici house
little italy dog park
our lady of the rosary catholic church
washington elementary steam magnet school
san diego firehouse museum
waterfront park







about •parking •venues •directory •little italy tours & experiences • 




















    



    



    



    



    








featured events

there's so much to discover in little italy.
view all events






little italy mercatoevery saturday 8:00am to 2:00pm / every wednesday 9:30am to 1:30pmsaturday & wednesday farmers' markets


little italy tours & experiences7-days a week / book today!experience little italy through food, wine & more


the female maker marketonce a month on sunday / 10:00am to 5:00pmartisan & craft market in the piazza







things to do

little italy is filled with patio cafés, restaurants, pubs, art galleries, shops, hotels, and the beautiful amici park. find out what we have to offer.










find the perfect spot for your date nightfind restaurants dining
shop for goods you can only find in little italyfind stores shopping

book todaylittle italy tours
experience ourpiazzas & public spaces
little italymerchandise 







#littleitalysd














little italy association

the little italy association deals with a variety of livability issues that range from sidewalk cleanliness to new building design review; from community schools to no-leash dog run parks.
read more





did you know?
little italy’s waterfront bar is the oldest bar in san diego, originally the water front came up to the bar.


did you know?
the little italy mercato is the largest farmers’ market in san diego county with over 200 vendors.


did you know?
at 48-square blocks, san diego’s little italy is the largest in the u.s.


did you know?
take a closer look at the little italy landmark sign’s mosaic tile work on each pillar that tells the story about the community’s tie to the bay, church and italian homeland.


did you know?
discover one of the oldest houses (built in 1888) in little italy, where m winehouse calls its home.






    honoring our legacy members



    in early 2024, the little italy association board of directors introduced the prestigious title of little italy legacy member. this lifetime honor was created to recognize directors and civic leaders, both past and present, who have demonstrated extraordinary service and visionary leadership in the revitalization, advancement, and continued success of san diego’s little italy.


meet our legacy members











stay connected





email address




this form requires javascript to validate. please enable javascript to enable this form
submit















    about lia


about us
be apart of our legacy
board,   committee & association info
board of directors
staff
upcoming meeting packets
archived meeting packets & minuteslittle italy residents
directory
other sites




    venues


piazza   della famiglia
indoor venues
outdoor venues
merchandise

little italy san diego merchandise



    directions & parking


directionsvalet parking
self parking
downtown parking management group

about dpmgupcoming meeting



   little italy association


2210 columbia streetsan diego, ca 92101619 233 3898


contact us
report an issue


     san diego rescue mission


little italy unhoused outreach & public safety program
contact us



we're social

 

    public relations


olive public relationssydney costales
    619 955 5285
    sydney@olivepublicrelations.com



        media


in the news
gallery

website accessibility 

accessibility statement








©2025 little italy association. all rights reserved.














