



 




home: noaa great lakes environmental research laboratory
            - ann arbor, mi, usa

















































skip to main content













                        noaa - great lakes environmental research laboratory
                    







home
quick links
about us
research
data & products
publications
education


















scope: 

glerl
noaa


















                            changing water levels can have both positive and negative impacts on
							water-dependent industries such as shipping, fisheries, tourism, and coastal infrastructure. glerl research analyzes components 
							of the great lakes water cycle to improve models, which are used by agencies and industry to plan for water management and operations.
                                                       
                        




                            glerl vessels provide safe and capable multi-disciplinary platforms to study the great lakes by deploying instruments, collecting samples, 
							conducting surveys, and supporting autonomous/uncrewed systems and remote observation stations.
                        




                            research using satellite images, remote sensing, buoys, a comprehensive monitoring program in lake erie, saginaw bay, and lake huron, and advanced 
							genetic techniques helps to understand the long and short-term seasonal dynamics of habs and hypoxia.                         




                            research on invasive species focuses on understanding how these species impact the great lakes ecosystem and interact with other stressors, which 
							informs management decisions that support coastal infrastructure, water dependent industries, fisheries, and recreation. 
                        




                            glerl and partners develop, test, evaluate and implement emerging technology advancements in data collection, striving to improve noaa’s observational 
							capabilities to better understand ecosystem processes. 
                        



noaa glerl and its partners conduct innovative research on the dynamic environments and ecosystems of the great lakes and coastal regions to provide information
					for resource use and management decisions that lead to safe and sustainable ecosystems, ecosystem services, and human communities.



research programs






ecosystem dynamics: collects ecological data and conducts experimental research on the ecosystem 
                                        processes of the great lakes.
                                






integrated physical and ecological modeling and forecasting: conducts research to predict the effects of changes on the 
                                        great lakes system.
                                






observing systems and advanced technology: develops and operates technology for scientific observations in the great lakes.
                                







        view this profile on instagram            noaa glerl (@noaa_glerl) • instagram photos and videos 











contact |
					accessibility | 
					disclaimer |					
					feedback |
					foia |
					privacy policy |
					site map | 
					usa.gov | 
					glerl only



						office of oceanic and atmospheric research (oar)
					















