

















florida guardian ad litem office | child welfare advocates protecting the rights of children.























































facebook




twitter




instagram




youtube




linkedin


 













home
about

about us
director’s message
why we are better
our impact
hope florida
champions
honorary guardians ad litem
news
career opportunities


volunteer

why volunteer
volunteer inquiry
hope florida
volunteer training
volunteer resources
faq


pro bono

pro bono volunteers
pro bono inquiry
pro bono training
pro bono resources
hope florida


our stories
contact us

contact guardian ad litem
find your local circuit
public records requests


 


select page


  
 
 










representing florida’s abused, neglected, and abandoned children in court and the community.



see more stories











volunteer



learn more






donate



learn more






pro bono



learn more







what we do
the florida statewide guardian ad litem office represents abused, abandoned and neglected children in court and the community. through the collaboration of a multi-disciplinary team that always includes a guardian ad litem attorney, child welfare professional, and hopefully a trained volunteer or pro bono attorney from the child’s community, our team provides quality, independent legal representation for abused, neglected, and abandoned children while assisting the child in expressing their needs and wishes. our unique approach allows us to support the whole child, addressing their physical, educational, mental, emotional, social, and legal needs.
every child appointed to the florida statewide guardian ad litem office is assigned a guardian ad litem attorney.  the statewide guardian ad litem office is a guardianship type of legal representation. in florida, we recognize that children cannot make decisions for themselves that involve their health and safety. guardians ad litem must provide all information to the judge about the child and advocate for what is in the child’s best interest. 
in florida, according to state statute, a guardian ad litem can be a certified volunteer, staff attorney, contract attorney, certified pro bono attorney, court-appointed attorney, guardian ad litem office staff, or a responsible adult who is appointed by the court to represent the best interests of a child in a court proceeding as provided for by law, including, but not limited to, chapter 39 of the florida state statutes, who is a party to any judicial proceeding as a representative of the child, and who serves until discharged by the court. 
guardians ad litem become people our most vulnerable children can trust, helping us be their voice. as a team together, we provide powerful, effective, high-quality advocacy with one goal: that every child finds a safe, loving, permanent home where they can thrive.
you can be a part of florida’s award-winning, state-funded child advocacy organization and make a difference in a child’s life. learn more about how you can become involved or support the florida guardian ad litem foundation, which provides support and additional resources for children represented by the florida statewide guardian ad litem office.



our mission:
to provide the most vulnerable children in florida with an adult from their community who will be a consistent, positive presence in the child’s life as part of a multi-disciplinary team that includes an attorney, child welfare professional and hopefully a community volunteer providing the highest quality community advocacy and legal representation to protect each child’s legal interests. to provide dependency judges with thorough and accurate information regarding the children under the court’s jurisdiction.


our vision:
to provide high-quality legal representation to every child under the jurisdiction of florida’s dependency courts.

learn more about our office











career opportunities



get started today



 










donate to the florida guardian ad litem foundation



donate now









copyright © 2022 · all rights reserved · statewide guardian ad litem officedisclaimer | sitemap | careers | privacy policy



followfollowfollowfollowfollow



 




the owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. this site uses the wp ada compliance check plugin to enhance accessibility. 















