




home - texas counseling association











































































+
homeaboutabouttca leadershiptca leadershipassociation stafffy2023-2028 strategic planfy2023-2028 strategic plandonatemarketing opportunitiestca awardsmembershipmembershipbenefits of membershipjoin/renewdivisionschaptersmembership directoryvolunteer opportunitieseducationeducationconferencesconferencesannual professional school counselor conferenceannual tca professional growth conferencece approval submissionsonline educationpublic policypublic policyadvocacy hubadvocacy archivenewsroomresourcesresourcesleadership & governanceleadership & governancegovernance manualbylawsresources, forms & reportslicensing & certificationpublicationspublicationstexas model & tempsctca journal of professional counselingeupdate newsletterethicscareer centerspeakers bureaugrants




fb-header




























linkedin-header













						member's area
					

						join tca
					





×
member log in









forgot password?
















logo_1




































































fb-header






























linkedin-header
















						member's area
					

						join tca
					


aboutabouttca leadershiptca leadershipassociation stafffy2023-2028 strategic planfy2023-2028 strategic plandonatemarketing opportunitiestca awardsmembershipmembershipbenefits of membershipjoin/renewdivisionschaptersmembership directoryvolunteer opportunitieseducationeducationconferencesconferencesannual professional school counselor conferenceannual tca professional growth conferencece approval submissionsonline educationpublic policypublic policyadvocacy hubadvocacy archivenewsroomresourcesresourcesleadership & governanceleadership & governancegovernance manualbylawsresources, forms & reportslicensing & certificationpublicationspublicationstexas model & tempsctca journal of professional counselingeupdate newsletterethicscareer centerspeakers bureaugrants

										join tca
									
 







burger-menu





















invest in your careertca membership is a cost effective way to stay up to date on the latest news and opportunities.
‹
›

professional counselors committed to leadership, advocacy, and the promotion of professional excellence.                          public policyyour work is governed by public policy. tca keeps you informed and up to date on rules, statutes and public policies related to professional counseling here in texas and at the federal level.                member benefitstca member benefits range from free telephone legal consultations to professional development and continuing education events to free subscriptions to nationally recognized professional publications.  online-educ                     online educationour online library is great resource for all counseling professionals to earn continuing education hours from the comfort of their home or office. tca members receive preferred access and discounts on courses.find a counselorcontact tcajoin/renewdivisionslocal chapterseef donationsconferencesupcoming events



22
feb


dallas metro counseling association presents - the drama of trauma 
, tx
9:00am-11:00am the drama of trauma 2.0 general ce presented by: kathryn crume
what is trauma? how do we work with clients who have experienced trauma? statistics show at least 70% of adults in the us have experienced some type of traumatic event at least once in their lives, so the likel... 





22
feb


dallas metro counseling association presents: contemplative photography through the lens of play
, tx
11:15am-12:15 pm contemplative photography through the lens of play 1.0 general ce presented by dianne jones
looking at 'play' through the lens of contemplative photography will focus on looking for hope and joy in the process of play.
you will be invited to an experiential practice by utili... 





27
feb


2025 taces mid-winter conference
austin, tx
the texas association for counselor education and supervision (taces) 2025 mid-winter conference will be held february 27-28, 2025, in austin, texas. the conference theme is community roots, counseling futures: strengthening bonds through counselor education and supervision. the conference aims to c... 





5
mar


tsca presents: bridging the gaps through books: bibliocounseling to reach every student
, tx
presented by penelope flores, julie akerson, ivy salinas, diana sutherland for 1.0 ce credit
looking for ideas to bridge a gap for students? books can be the connecting piece! we will introduce bibliocounseling and how it can be utilized to develop a comprehensive school counseling program. w... 


view all eventssign up for our e-mail listbe in the know! tca offers numerous professional development and educational opportunities throughout the year, including two large conferences and statewide division as well as  chapter learning and networking events. tca also sends alerts when new rules and policies are proposed by regulatory boards. sign up for our email list to have tca event updates, ce opportunities, and policy updates sent straight to your inbox.sign uptca updatesimportant note: to all members, please download your certificates from the current system for your records! please follow these steps to download your certificates for your personal records: 1) login as a tca member 2) select education in the nav bar 3) select online learning in the drop down menu 4) select the member access button 5) select click here to begin under the my certificates section 6) your list of certificates will be available to download. this is a very important process to follow otherwise you will lose your history. no transfers will be taking place from the current system to the new platform so be sure to download for your personal files as soon as possible.want to know more about how to contribute toward advocating for the counseling profession during this 89th legislative session? join us for a webinar on 2/25/25 at 12p where we will help de-mystify the process and let you know what to expect. register here. the taces mid-winter conference will be held in austin, tx on feb. 27th & 28th, 2025. participate in advocacy days 2025. tuesday(s) - march 11th, april 15th, and may 13th. register for march 11th advocacy day here. register for our april 15th advocacy day here. look out for action alerts via email and social media and be sure to reference the weekly advocacy email sent every friday to members. save the date for pgc 2025 in houston texas from nov 19-21, 2025. registration opens soon. this year's theme is blaze your trail: find what sets your heart on fire. february free ce for tca members - embodying interpersonal trauma: a somatic approach to healing attachment wounds - 1.5 ce. log in to the tca online learning center and type the word "free" in the search bar. thank you for making pscc 2025 a huge success. save the date for pscc 2026 in forth worth, tx. feb 1-3, 2026. take a listen to a very important conversation on public policy and mental health. tca's public policy analyst, noah jones, joins two other public policy fellows on the into the fold podcast, by the hogg foundation for mental health.join the new tca career center today! get immediate access to free job postings and ai powered career tools. tca members get a unique access code to post jobs at no cost!follow tca on social media at facebook, instagram, linkedin, and twitter/x. 
see past tca updates.industry news

the mental health professionals loan repayment program - newly funded with $14 m per year - is open for applications and will stay open.
sep 20 2023
eligible applicants may receive loan repayment amounts up to $16,000, depending on the type of mental health profession.


lpcs and lmfts become independent medicare providers – we did it!  
jan 3 2023
the omnibus funding measure passed by congress and signed by president biden in december included a provision to authorize lpcs and lmfts to bill medicare as independent providers. 

see all industry news.





paid advertisement





paid advertisement







						phone: (512) 472-3403fax: (512) 472-3756					






fb-footer






























linkedin-footer













aboutcontact usjoin/renewview policyterms of servicefinancial - tca form 990financial - tca form 990-t 

tca photo gallery 68th annual pgc photo album67th annual pgc photo album19th annual pscc photo album 				








						copyright © 2025 texas counseling association. a branch of the american counseling association.  website powered by memberleap.








×



privacy policy and cookie disclosure notice, and consentthis site uses cookies to enhance user experience. by using our website you agree to our policy. learn more. 				
view privacy policy







