








shyness home page | resources on shyness and social fitness




































shyness home page


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
announcements
shyness blog
the shyness institute
lynne henderson: private practice
 





search for:



 







shyness home page

shyness and social phobia do not have to interfere with achieving professional and interpersonal goals. the pain of shyness can be relieved by challenging automatic thoughts and beliefs, and learning new behaviors.
this page is a gathering of network resources for people seeking information and services for shyness. it is sponsored by the shyness institute, berkeley, california (an institute for research and public education in shyness and social fitness, developing social fitness training, including mindfulness exercises).
dr. lynne henderson also has her own private practice, which not only focuses on shyness, but also on anxiety disorders more generally, on depression and interpersonal problems, using cbt, cft and act as well as emotion-focused therapy. she also works with couples.
(note: this site is to encourage networking. the shyness institute and dr. lynne henderson cannot, and does not, necessarily evaluate or certify the quality of the services mentioned here.)






resources on shyness and social fitness

research and presentations
social fitness training™

model
program
services
manuals
worksheets
therapists and coaches


online information
treatment centers and university programs
therapists and coaches
the shyness reading list
shyness surveys
resources: books
meditations
 



search for:





recent posts


social fitness model


helpful new book on shyness


introduction


great article to check out by susan cain


new york times article: shyness: evolutionary tactic?


recent commentslynne henderson on the shyness institutejosh paco on the shyness institutelynne henderson on social fitness training manualskrystal johnson on social fitness training manualslynne henderson on the shyness institute 





©1993-2022, the shyness institute 
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				









