




xenical










  

 toggle navigation    



for medical professionals v
for patients v

















  
  




drug safety & medical communications
for drug safety and medical communications, please contact integrated therapeutic solutions inc at the number: 1-888-236-5445. (for us market inquiries only)
product complaints
please contact info@h2-pharma.com for any product complaint.
ordering questions
please contact orders@h2-pharma.com for any ordering question.



full prescribing information


indication
xenical is indicated for obesity management including weight loss and weight maintenance when used in conjunction with a reduced-calorie diet. xenical is also indicated to reduce the risk for weight regain after prior weight loss. xenical is indicated for obese patients with an initial body mass index (bmi) ≥30 kg/m2 or ≥27 kg/m2 in the presence of other risk factors (e.g., hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia).
important safety information
xenical is contraindicated in patients:

who are pregnant. weight loss offers no potential benefit to a pregnant woman and may result in fetal harm. a minimum weight gain, and no weight loss, is currently recommended for all pregnant women, including those who are already overweight or obese, due to the obligatory weight gain that occurs in maternal tissues during pregnancy
with chronic malabsorption syndrome
with cholestasis
with known hypersensitivity to xenical or to any component of this product

warnings and precautions:

xenical may interact with concomitant drugs including cyclosporine, levothyroxine, warfarin, amiodarone, antiepileptic drugs, and antiretroviral drugs
xenical can decrease cyclosporine exposure. xenical and cyclosporine should not be simultaneously co-administered
patients should be strongly encouraged to take a multivitamin supplement that contains fat-soluble vitamins to ensure adequate nutrition because xenical has been shown to reduce the absorption of some fat-soluble vitamins and beta-carotene
rare cases of severe liver injury with hepatocellular necrosis or acute hepatic failure have been reported, with some of these cases resulting in liver transplant or death
patients may develop increased levels of urinary oxalate following treatment with xenical. monitor renal function in patients at risk for renal insufficiency.
substantial weight loss can increase the risk of cholelithiasis
exclude organic causes of obesity (e.g., hypothyroidism) before prescribing xenical
patients should be advised to adhere to dietary guidelines. gastrointestinal events may increase when xenical is taken with a diet high in fat (>30% total daily calories from fat)

it is not known if xenical is present in human milk. caution should be exercised when xenical is administered to a nursing woman.
the most commonly observed adverse events (incidence of ≥5% and twice that of placebo) were oily spotting, flatus with discharge, fecal urgency, fatty/oily stool, oily evacuation, increased defecation and fecal incontinence. in general, the first occurrence of these events was within 3 months of starting therapy.
overall, approximately 50% of all episodes of gi adverse events associated with xenical treatment lasted for less than 1 week, and a majority lasted for no more than 4 weeks. however, gi adverse events may occur in some individuals over a period of 6 months or longer.
report side effects to the fda at (800) fda-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch.patients and caregivers may also report side effects to the safety call center at 1-888-236-5445.
 




  
 cheplapharm is a family-owned pharmaceutical company, headquartered in germany. we offer our branded products on a global level. by focusing on an internationally oriented buy and build strategy, we generate annually increasing growth rates. the close collaboration with our business partners and our international subsidiaries allows cheplapharm to successfully realize its corporate strategy. 


  
 h2-pharma, llc is a privately owned and operated pharmaceutical company focused on the sales, marketing and development of branded and generic  pharmaceuticals. h2‐pharma has the experience and distribution infrastructure to market and distribute products across the spectrum, and do so with a level of personal service that is unmatched in the industry. 




 imprint 







