





badlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingate














































































skip to main content


 








toggle navigation






concerts


maps & hours



765-762-2981






					shop








home

park info

park info
rates

faqs

food shack

read reviews
submit your badlands experience
get directions
contact us


rules
lodging

waivers

about us

about us



donation program
newsletter signup
  media
social media

contact us
memberships



events

events calendar
current events
event menu




employment











badlands off road park

3968 n. xavier rd
 attica, in 47918
us

phone: 765-762-2981
email: terra@badlandsoffroad.com

fax:
			
















badlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingatebadlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingate
badlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingatebadlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingate
badlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingatebadlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingate
badlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingatebadlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingate
badlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingatebadlands off road park - offering rentals and lodging in attica, in. near covington and wingate








previous



pause



next
















learn about park features





for youth & minor riders





view upcoming events





shop apparel & accessories





rent utvs at adventure rentals
(opens in new window)





cabins & camping with off the trail
(opens in new window)









badlands off road park
the badlands off road park is 1400+ acres of multi-directional, diverse terrain. you'll find sand dunes, wooded trails, gravel, mud, and rocks - trails and terrain for all types and skill levels of riders. bikes and atvs can test their skills on our full-size mx track. suvs, 4x4s, and side x sides can take on the challenges of our rock quarry/suv park. regardless of your skill level, with caution, you will find riding perfectly suited for your abilities at the badlands. off roading is a dangerous sport. we emphasize safety at all times. alcohol is not permitted in the park creating a family-friendly environment. 
about us

































contact

765-762-2981
3968 n. xavier rd
attica, in 47918
map & hours



quick links

our park
memberships
lodging
adventure rentals
events
waivers
badlands store





track hours

*weather dependent


motocross track (mon-sun)
9 am - 5 pm





get social




like badlands off road park on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow badlands off road park on instagram! (opens in new window)





follow badlands off road park on twitter! (opens in new window)





check out the badlands off road park youtube channel! (opens in new window)





check out the badlands off road park youtube channel! (opens in new window)












dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike |
all rights reserved


policy |
					privacy |
					terms |
					accessibility |
					site map



























