








a therapeutic approach to yoga - the yogability institute








































skip to main content









 






 
 
 
 








yogability™ is a therapeutic approach to yoga for people with special needs or disabilities. 
 



home
classes

class schedule
new students
frontline yoga therapy (free)
events


about us

about the founder
honorary advisory council board
faq


who participates in yoga?
publicity & media
resources
special needs yoga

rent (stream) video
special needs yoga dvd


testimonials
how you can help & donate
videos
contact us
 
 
 
 











 







 
yogability™
yogability™ is a therapeutic approach to yoga for people with special needs or disabilities. the sessions focus on breathing exercises, gentle poses, and movement to music, safe stretching, and deep relaxation.
founder, bea ammidown, has created a way to bring therapeutic yoga techniques into effective forms by giving attention to people with special needs. there is a wide range of movement adapted to assist one in freeing the body from discomfort, tensions and difficulty opening vital areas of our physical selves; due to compassion, sensitivity and profound personal experience, bea brings forward a combination of slow movements, with the breath.
it is also important to understand that this practice is for ages, conditions and those suffering from chronic and acute illness. an attribute that students achieve is a peaceful and quiet mind.
class schedule
 
 
 

special needs yoga
watch special needs yoga
class consists of guided and supported poses using breathing, meditation and visualization to increase motor skills and relaxation.
yogability therapeutics quiets the nervous system and improves muscular strength and reflexes, while building self-esteem and returning harmony to the mind. people who live with physical or mental constraints can experience a new energy and vitality through yogability therapeutics. it includes patient tested exercises for cerebral palsy, heart and stroke recovery, hip and knee replacement and macular degeneration. *bonus 14-minute stress reduction segment for caregivers, healthcare providers and beginners.
 













© bea ammidown. all rights reserved.















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset







