














dave's travel corner - seeing the world one step at a time












































 















 



x




get free email updates


sign up








dave's travel cornerseeing the world one step at a time 

home
blog
guides
journals
photos
videos
links
interviews
about








ole orvér, chief commercial officer of finnair
q. you joined finnair as chief commercial officer in may 2019.  how did you and your team deal with this unprecedented situation in 2020 and what … [read more] 









greetings from the jordanian desert
this was part of an epic mid summer trek from dana biosphere reserve to petra - via little petra.
running out of water 
in temperatures … [read more] 









moments on the road, guinea bissau
look once and you see the dustiness of west africa - it all blends together - the orange grime that covers everything in the dry season and the … [read more] 









layers of history, jerusalem
we spent several days here exploring as there is something significant to see around seemingly every step; today was entirely spent in the … [read more] 









thailand: one man’s virgin tour
dried fish at a bangkok street market
i wake up at 5:30 a.m. on the 57th floor of the lebua at state tower, an upscale hotel in the thick of … [read more] 









trekking in remote papua new guinea: kokoda homestay
kokoda homestay  was set up by several villages around kokoda with the help of bruce, his wife rosemary and her son mark (who lives in australia) … [read more] 









two donkeys lost in south africa’s kruger national park
among those who come to africa to join a safari, the holy grail of animal tracking is the so called 'big five'. originally coined by the big game … [read more] 









visiting bagan, myanmar
bagan is the land of ancient temples - these stone spires dot the dusty landscape of what is called the bagan plains. we are visiting in the … [read more] 









a crazy day of dune bashing in southern qatar
i knew our drive out from doha was going to be interesting as soon as we started our journey to the sand dunes from my hotel. our driver, a large … [read more] 









the power & beauty of sub saharan africa
upon finalizing my flights to south africa from bangkok, i told a good friend who has traveled extensively in africa that i would kiss the … [read more] 









follow the nomadic footprints in kyrgyzstan – interview with aisha mambetalieva, director and co-founder of kyrgyz tourism llc
interviewing aisha mambetalieva is similar to wearing a virtual reality headset and going on a virtual tour around the highlands of kyrgyzstan. … [read more] 









chawadee nualkhair, thai-american food journalist
chawadee nualkhair, who often refers to herself as chow, is a thai-american originally from pittsburgh. she now resides in bangkok with her … [read more] 









breathing in the beauty of santa catalina island
santa catalina island is located between 19 and 22 miles from the mainland. catalina provides the calm, quiet and the rural contrast to the urban … [read more] 









the most unique vineyard & winery in the world
in 2002, oenologue, sébastien thépénie responded to an ad to work at a winery in french polynesia. wait a minute. there is vineyard and a winery … [read more] 









mo’orea highlights, french polynesia
mo’orea (moorea) is only 30-45 minutes from the port in papeete via ferry. and the port is only 10 minutes from faa, papeete's airport. despite … [read more] 









above the cloudsko lan getaway: a weekend of sun, sand, and crowdswaiting until the last minute and short on some upcoming vacation time, i scored what i thought was a bargain, at a room located next to the beach on … [more]view all above the clouds
journalsbest 5 st. thomas beaches (how to maximize your visit)intro
what better way to spend a vacation than to be relaxing on a beautiful beach in st. thomas in the u.s virgin islands (usvi.) i can’t think of a … [more]view all journals

guidesmoroccomorocco is a predominately arab/berber country sitting in the cross hairs of the ancient world - perfectly geographically situated to be involved in … [more]view all guides
press releasesmyrtle beach: a family-friendly destination with...explore myrtle beach, the ultimate spot for sun, sand, and smiles
myrtle beach, south carolina - (february 10, 2025) – people love visiting myrtle … [more]view all press releases
highlight of the monthkehrwieder chocolaterie & cafe tallinn estonia -...kehrwieder chocolaterie & cafe is located in the heart of tallinn, estonia at saiakang 1 (raekoja plats). this "medieval" style cafe is situated on a … [more]view all highlight of the month
book reviewslifeline to marionette by jennifer waittethis novel is takes place in aspen, co and is centered around a life of a high profile model who professionally is seemingly at the peak of her … [more]view all book reviews
travel productsget better connected with ‘game-changing’...a few weeks ago i was invited to test ‘drive’ a new luggage set which was sold to me as being a ‘game-changer’ for families and frequent fliers!
i … [more]view all travel products
interviewsvisit cyprus - the deputy ministry of tourism of the...q1. what are the challenges of promoting tourism in a small island that is politically divided in two parts?
the republic of cyprus was invaded in … [more]view all interviews
latest videos




youtube video vvvgmvnqquduatr3m3z4wtvrthhhvej3lk15qnmtddn0sjbv




 


















 















 















 















 















 















 




 


load more...




 
subscribe            




view all videosfeatured photos 
eastern-sierra-mammoth-lakes

















image				1				of				132			

eastern sierra lake, east of mammoth lakes



view larger slideshow  |  view all photosdestination spotlightssingapore sightseeing
malealea lesotho
west sonoma
sri lanka adventures
gulf shores, al
raleigh, north carolina
napa, california
hong kong

the official wine club of the napa wine project!your personal membership to thefinest napa valley artisan wineries.

 
follow @davedtc



get free email updates ▶

 
submit an article

categories
categories
select category
above the clouds  (614)
   africa  (54)
   antarctica  (6)
   asia  (138)
   australia  (19)
   caribbean  (45)
   europe  (110)
   events  (9)
   food & wine  (24)
   general travel  (45)
   los angeles  (46)
   middle east  (17)
   north america  (72)
   south america  (18)
   south pacific  (6)
   travel gear  (9)
book reviews  (269)
   action books  (11)
   climbing books  (9)
   culinary books  (12)
   guide books  (67)
   inspirational books  (30)
   international books  (76)
   road trip books  (29)
   travel tip books  (15)
   wine books  (21)
epicoz  (27)
guides  (627)
   aids ride  (1)
   angkor wat, cambodia  (8)
   arequipa, peru  (10)
   bangkok, thailand  (21)
   bishop, ca  (11)
   catalina, ca  (13)
   chamonix, france  (12)
   cheap tickets – low airfare  (1)
   choosing tours  (1)
   colima, mexico  (7)
   cuzco, peru  (7)
   death valley, ca  (8)
   europe  (10)
   gatlinburg, tennessee  (1)
   gold country, ca  (22)
   gold mining  (1)
   guadalajara, mexico  (10)
   hopland, ca  (8)
   how to use taxis  (1)
   huaraz, peru  (7)
   iquitos, peru  (5)
   istanbul, turkey  (4)
   key west, fl  (7)
   lake tahoe, ca  (21)
   lamu, kenya  (9)
   las vegas, nv  (10)
   los angeles, ca  (55)
   make friends online  (1)
   mammoth, ca  (15)
   manzanillo, mexico  (8)
   mendoza, argentina  (7)
   modesto fruit stands  (1)
   monterey, ca  (11)
   morocco  (8)
   mt. kilimanjaro  (6)
   mt. lassen, ca  (5)
   mt. rainier, wa  (7)
   mt. shasta, ca  (10)
   mt. whitney, ca  (14)
   nepal  (27)
   new orleans  (7)
   new zealand, south island  (13)
   oaxaca, mexico  (13)
   orlando, fl  (1)
   palm springs, ca  (12)
   paros, greece  (10)
   redding, ca  (9)
   reno, nv  (7)
   safari west, ca  (4)
   saigon, vietnam  (6)
   san francisco, ca  (13)
   san luis obispo, ca  (15)
   santa barbara, ca  (24)
   santa rosa, ca  (22)
   schulz museum  (1)
   southern sweden  (7)
   spokane, wa  (26)
   vancouver, canada  (14)
   vang vieng, laos  (8)
   vientiane, laos  (5)
   xcalak, mexico  (5)
   yosemite  (8)
   zanzibar  (6)
highlight of the month  (301)
interviews  (109)
journals  (1,958)
   africa  (122)
   antarctica  (2)
   asia  (326)
   australia  (58)
   caribbean  (92)
   europe  (479)
   middle east  (49)
   north america  (593)
   other  (137)
   south america  (82)
   south pacific  (27)
mini post  (739)
press releases  (793)
travel products  (55)
   accessories reviews  (15)
   fashion reviews  (11)
   footwear reviews  (3)
   luggage reviews  (10)
   technology reviews  (14)
   wine reviews  (2)







latest posts

best 5 st. thomas beaches (how to maximize your vi…
myrtle beach: a family-friendly destination with w…
the flower fields at carlsbad ranch announces marc…
ko lan getaway: a weekend of sun, sand, and crowds
top 10 places to visit in south korea: explore the…



collaboration























































































































































































































as seen on
































 exploreabove the clouds
guides
highlight of the month
interviews
journals
press releases
videos
preparebook reviews
pack list
quiz: geography
quiz: travel
tour booking
travel insurance
travel products


 sharecontribute
forums
links
photos
aboutabout us
advertise
contact us
contributors
email dave
media coverage
media kit


 

hi i'm dave. after a life changing trip in 1996, i began this site as a creative outlet to educate, inspire and share travel experiences. read more...



facebookinstagramlinkedinpinterestrsstwittervimeoyoutube


return to top of page

copyright © 1996–2025 dave's travel corner · all rights reserved · log in

7ads6x98y












































