


the most holy rosary


















the seven sorrows
the five first saturdays devotion
litany of our lady (loreto)
devotion to the most holy name of mary
novena & litany to the maria bambina (infant mary) 
the angelus
consecration prayer of st. louis de montfort
ave maris stella
the memorare
sr. lucy on the importance of wearing the brown scapular
the green scapular of the immaculate heart of mary
the mystical city of godby ven. mary of agredathe glories of mary by st. alphonsus liguori & other titles on the b.v.m.
exact translation of fr. fuentes interview of sr. lucy- dec. 1957 
the miraculous conversion of alphonse ratisbonne
the church approved message of la salette


additional links
catholic news
the holy mass
gregory xvii "siri" the pope in red
simple truths about salvation
the coming great catholic monarch
st. john bosco's dream (vision) of helloriginal st. michael prayer (exorcism)
examination of conscience
antichrist (catholic prophecy)
catholic prayer
infant baptism in emergency
contact











  
home   
joyful mysteries   
sorrowful mysteries   
glorious mysteries   
ending prayers   







how to say the rosary    
when and where to say the rosary   
rosary indulgences   
the 15 promises   
links   










the most holy rosary of the blessed virgin mary
sceptrum orthodoxae fidei (the queen of the true faith) ora pro nobis!





sign of the cross
in the name of the father, and of the son, and of the holy ghost. amen. 

signum crucis
in nomine patris, et filii, et spiritus sancti. amen. 



apostles creed
i believe in god the father almighty, creator of heaven and earth; and in jesus christ, his only son, our lord, who was conceived by the holy ghost, born of the virgin mary, suffered under pontius pilate, was crucified, died and was buried; he descended into hell; the third day he arose again from the dead; he ascended into heaven, and sitteth at the right hand of god, the father almighty; from thence he shall come to judge the living and the dead. i believe in the holy ghost, the holy catholic church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, and life everlasting. amen. 

symbolum apostolorum
credo in deum patrem omnipotentem, creatorem caeli et terrae; et in iesum christum, filium eius unicum, dominum nostrum; qui conceptus est de spiritu sancto, natus ex maria virgine; passus sub pontio pilato, crucifixus, mortuus, et sepultus; descendit ad infernos; tertia die resurrexit a mortuis; ascendit ad caelos, sedet ad dexteram dei patris omnipotentis; inde venturus est iudicare vivos et mortuos. credo in spiritum sanctum; sanctam ecclesiam catholicam; sanctorum communionem; remissionem peccatorum; carnis resurrectionem; vitam aeternam. amen.



the lord's prayer (our father)
our father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name; thy kingdom come; thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. amen

oratio dominicae (pater noster)
pater noster, qui es in caelis, sanctificetur nomen tuum. adveniat regnum tuum, fiat voluntas tua, sicut in caelo et in terra. panem nostrum quotidianum da nobis hodie, et dimitte nobis debita nostra, sicut et nos dimittimus debitoribus nostris, et ne nos inducas in tentationem, sed libera nos a malo. amen. 



the angelic salutation (hail mary) 
[pray three times]
hail mary, full of grace, the lord is with thee; blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, jesus. holy mary, mother of god, pray for us sinners, now and at the hour of our death. amen. 

salutatio angelica (ave maria)
[pray three times]
ave maria, gratia plena, dominus tecum; benedicta tu in mulieribus et benedictus fructus ventris tui, iesus. sancta maria, mater dei, ora pro nobis peccatoribus, nunc et in hora mortis nostrae. amen. 



the minor doxology (glory be) 
glory be to the father, and to the son, and to the holy ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. amen. 

doxologia minor (gloria patri)
gloria patri, et filio, et spiritui sancto, sicut erat in principio, et nunc et'semper, et in saecula saeculorum. amen. 





continue with the...



first joyful mystery




 return to top of page





pray the rosary daily for the triumph of the immaculate heart of mary

"tell everybody that god grants all graces through the immaculate heart of mary." -jacinta marto
click for: sr. lucy on the importance of
wearing the brown scapular








stella maris (star of the sea)

prayer of st. germanus to our lady
"o you, who are, after god, my powerful protectress and my true consolation in this world, 

you who are the celestial dew that sweetens my pains; 
the light of my soul when

plunged in darkness, my guide in my journeys,

my strength in my weaknesses, my treasure in

poverty, the remedy of my wounds, my joy in all

my sorrows, my refuge in all dangers, the hope of

my life and of my salvation, deign to hear my

prayers, to take an interest in my woes, and to

show me that compassion which peculiarly belongs

to the mother of a god who entertains such love

and goodness towards men. he is their father,

and he has constituted you their mother. ah!

 

place me then amongst the number of your dearest

children, and obtain for me from god all the

graces which you know to be necessary for the

salvation of my soul. amen."



uncompromising catholic militancy!
click to support true catholic content/this site






















© stgemma.com web productions inc. 2005-present. all rights reserved.

