











sturgis area chamber of commerce in sturgis, michigan

























































 







skip to content



englishespañol (spanish)phone: (269) 651-5758
toggle navigationenglishespañol (spanish)go to...memberschamber member directorychamber membershipinfo requestmembership applicationnews & eventschamber newsevent calendarsturgis festvisitorswhat to dowhere to eatwhere to staywhere to shop 


search for:








go to...communityhousingeducational resourcesemployment opportunitiesvolunteer opportunitiesabout usabout the sturgis area chamberboard of directorsambassadorscontact 


search for:








toggle navigationhomechamber member directory-oldchamber membershipinfo requestchamber membership applicationnews & eventschamber newsupcoming eventssturgis festvisitorswhat to dowhere to eatwhere to staywhere to shopcommunityhousingemployment opportunitiesvolunteer opportunitiesabout usabout the sturgis area chamberboard of directorsambassadorscontact us
 


loading...

















sturgis area chamber of commerce





sturgis area chamber of commerce2024-12-30t14:58:32-05:00 
sturgis area chamber of commerce is here to promote and connect your business to our members, our community, and surrounding areas for the purpose of growing your business and bettering the sturgis area. we are a member-based association. there are currently 286 chamber member businesses in a variety of categories. the chamber is made up of a board of directors, chamber staff and ambassadors. for more information on joining our dynamic business organization, contact us at 269-651-5758.
get in touch• promote• connect• growour mission:sturgis area chamber of commerce is focused on a prosperous community for all.  we provide premier member services, aggressive business advocacy and partnering for business growth.
our vision:sturgis area chamber of commerce is the voice of business for the sturgis area, empowering businesses and the community to prosper in an ever-changing environment.
things to do in sturgis, michiganwhat to dowhere to eatwhere to staywhere to shop



sturgis chamber by the numbers0year established0chamber member businesses0%member retention rate0member referralslook who’s joined the chamber!prosperity home mortgage sergio gomezjm underground fencing-mary kary cosmetics- montana trinhready to learn more?if you have questions about chamber membership, would like to know more about upcoming events, or just need a recommendation for a great restaurant, you’re more than welcome to get in touch!
contact usready to learn more?if you have questions about chamber membership, would like to know more about upcoming events, or just need a recommendation for a great restaurant, you’re more than welcome to get in touch!
contact us



 
 
sturgis area chamber of commerce is focused on a prosperous community for all. we provide premier member services, aggressive business advocacy, and partnering for business growth.
sturgis area chamber of commerce
306 w chicago road
sturgis michigan 49091
tel: (269) 651-5758
contact usproud to be associated with these fine organizations:
copyright  sturgis area chamber of commerce, all rights reserved | website by indigo web services llc


 
 
page load link

sturgis area chamber of commerce



english


español (spanish)














 



go to top




