



















  brain
	

  
paint


a car





 tickle your amygdala 


neil slade presents 

the amazing brain music adventure
 




			 

 welcome!  you 
	are visitor 16,001,798  updated 
	april 2023
			 


this site will 
show you how 

		 turn 
		on incredible creativity, intelligence, 
		pleasure, and esp as easy as clicking 
		on a light switch. 

				 

				 
turn on pleasure, intelligence, 
	creativity, and esp- 


				 
scroll down this page for all 
				brain information

				 
my email
n  @  neilslade. com   (no 
	spaces when using this please)
	 
	 
	 

coast to coast photos here

				 

				 


 
 





click here for all books 
					and music
					 


					 


					 

click here
					 

 


 



	 











				books - downloads 




				music -  discs







visitor and reader feedback







				brain library articles









brain radio audio









				brain music and video





 

			full site index 










  

 


 tickle your amygdala amazing brain adventure- neil slade amygdala, frontal lobes, release, cure and alleviate anxiety and depression; increase 
  creativity, intelligence, pleasure, music


















subscribe to 


amazing brain adventure!

	newsletter brain blog group
		enter your e-mail address in the box below:

join 
	our group and you will receive great brain info updates, fun stories and 
	brain tips, generally once or twice a week.  
this list remains strictly 
	confidential and will not be used for any other purposes whatsoever. 





the big brain 
book and music store  for everything! 



chloe 
and erfie        

 


     







find your amygdala here 





















				tickle your amygdala


				book page



frontal lobes


supercharge page 
free online book!


the whole brain

dvd page


brain magic 2

and more


 
















	 


the dormant 
	brain research 


and development


laboratory

 




brain tuning





the adventures 
			of 


niles abercrumby 
			&


the book of 
			wands


 


 




			 




 

julia lu 

tickle your amygdala with

paintings from another dimension 




		music 4 esp 






 



			 






 






		 





legal stuff: all content throughout the entire site, (c) and (p) neil slade 
1997-2020 all rights reserved.

"tickle your amygdala", "click your amygdala", 
"frontal lobes supercharge", "brain magic", and "brain radar"

are trademarks of neil slade brain books, music, and 
film







     











   

   

find your amygdala here


 












                              
			 location 
			of your amygdala                                                                              
			     location of your 
			brain's frontal lobes 











 
		
		


		 



 
 
amygdala locator: this drawing shows where the 
        right amygdala is (follow the arrow). the left side of your brain also 
        has one (other side, hidden here). please note, the wrinkly cortex "gray 
        matter" and glial cells "white matter" of the brain is not shown. these 
        other structures are other parts of the brain's "limbic system" (the 
        "mammal brain").
in the 1970's, independent brain researcher and 
		behaviorist  
t.d.a. lingo introduced the idea that deliberate and conscious 
		control of the amygdala and it's accompanying positive or negative 
		responses in the brain was possible. his behavior modification facility, 
		which he affectionately named
		
the dormant brain research 
		and development laboratory (in existence, 1957-1993), tested this 
		hypothesis over several decades. lingo methodically observed via 
		longitudinal studies that such a thing was indeed possible. his methods 
		included visualization and meditation along with a variety of other 
		behavior modification techniques.  
the veracity of such methods to directly affect the amygdala and 
		resultant brain functions was corroborated by later research, such as 
		that carried on by sara w. lazar and herbert benson .  (sara 
		w. lazar, "stress reduction correlates with structural changes in the 
		amygdala",
		

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2840837/
sara w. lazar, g, gollub bush, g.l. 
		fricchione, g. khalsa g, herbert benson, “functional brain mapping of 
		the relaxation response and meditation”, neuroreport, 11: 1581-1585, 
		(2000).)
"clicking" the amygdala, is the "slang" 
		phrase first coined  by lingo that refers to either 
        automatic (reactive non-deliberate) or conscious deliberate activation 
        of amygdaloid body processes (by cortex influence).
these days, this is a preferred image  and 
		phrase...
"tickle your 
		amygdala"
 

why "tickle" instead of "click"?  "tickle" 
		is a generally positive image and thought, whereas "click" is more 
		neutral and may indicate a 
		click backwards into negativity as well as a forward positive click.     
		research with thousands of people over the past several decades shows 
		that "tickle your amygdala" is preferred.    but, just 
		use what works best for you.

		 

		 

when the amygdala's connections to 
        the r-complex (or "reptile brain", dr. paul mclean) are activated, fight 
        or flight and basic reactionary survival processes occur in brain/body. 
        the slang for this is "clicking backward". it is primary and basic, and 
        automatic.
when cortex and frontal lobes 
        processes overcome the limitations of the reactive reptile brain, the 
        slang is "clicking the amygdala forward". the brain rewards certain 
        enhanced survival behaviors with pleasure, and this patterning of 
        learned positive behavior involves the amygdala and its connections to 
        the forward pre-frontal cortex. this can be done consciously and 
        deliberately.


the brain's advanced electrochemical circuits can be and are controlled 
with thought. this is beyond any conjecture, and just a plain simple 
fact.  




to click your amygdala forward - to cause changes in amygdala function and in 
brain process- you don't need any machines, 
gadgets, pills, or signing up for expensive retreats or courses.






how to tickle your amygdala forward and eventually !pop! your frontal lobes? just 
start by reading through this site:  www.brainradar.com
1) first, read at  
the 
library . 
there is lots of free and useful information at these places and elsewhere 
throughout the entire amazing brain website.


2) brain book commercial:

when you are ready,  
the 
frontal lobes supercharge is a portable, non-electric book -very convenient, 
works anywhere. it will further clarify all aspects of clicking into your 
frontal lobes. the book systematically removes- one by one- all the obstacles 
that society puts in your way. it will quickly remove all the unconscious habits 
that keep you clicked backward.


commercial over.


 

        






tickle 

 your amygdala forward is like wiggling your finger. only it happens 
inside your brain instead of on the end of your arm. do this: wiggle 
your right index finger.....easy, isn't it? okay, wiggle your left big 
toe....easy too? now, locate your amygdala (see chart above)....you click it 
forward using your frontal lobes- image that your amygdala is like a click 
toggle switch- now click the switch forward towards your forehead. there! you 
did it. 
 *      *      
        * 




3d brain fly through--- open with quicktime player-
you can control with quicktime play arrow and move to any part.

about 40% into it, you will see the limbic system--- and the amygdala is
shown as two golden nuggets in the second inside layer below the cortex--
they look like two little upturned boxing gloves perhaps

download here:

brain fly-by 
windows media 1.9 mb



brain fly-by 
        quicktime  
quicktime video  1.7 mb

        you may simply click on the link above, or right click and chose "save 
        target" 
 


*      *      
*


 



 not sure you're doing it right? read everything at the rest of this site for 
 clues and you won't have any problem. you will learn how to click your amygdala 
 forward and turn on genius levels of creativity, intelligence, pleasure, and 
 even esp in 1/10 the amount of time that students took to learn back in the 
 early days of our brain research. after 40 total years of research and 
 practical teaching to folks like you- we now know the shortcuts and what works 
 best.  

note the very obvious olfactory bulbs (looks like squid tentacles) reaching back 
into the posterior amygdaloid area. these make for an easy, if temporary, click 
forward- see  
the nose 
knows.

 

note: "click your amygdala" written and performed by eric vincent, and played on 
t.d. lingo's actual 1950's vega banjo. illustration from "the brain" by richard 
restak (excellent reference book).


below: diagrams of amygdala input and output connections in the brain, courtesy 
of the university of massachusetts medical school.



 
think yourself to happiness- the real brain science behind amygdala clicking 
	and tickling







back to  
the amazing brain adventure
back to  
the brain library  

http://www.neilslade.com/history.html 
		https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=wqopzbyfi_a http://www.brainradar.com 
		http://www.neilslade.com http://www.neilslade.com/flbook.html http://www.neilslade.com/tickleyouramygdalabook.html 
		http://www.neilslade.com/chart.html http://www.bookofwands.com http://www.juliapainting.com  
		http://www.easypaintyourcar.com http://www.youtube.com/neilslade 
		https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t._d._a._lingo 

		https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amygdala



		https://www.pinterest.com/erfiedawerfie/td-lingo-and-the-dormant-brain-lab/ 
		 https://www.pinterest.com/jlu1251/td-lingo-wwwbrainradarcom/-and-the-dormant-brain-lab/


 






			printed and 
			instant downloads

  
 
	 


tickle your 
	amygdala


 



 

tickle your
amygdala                                      
 

  




  

  
 the whole universe brain dvd special  40 hours!   
			just $49 

  


 5 
			books 20 audio albums + bonuses


read about it here 


 

 


anywhere in the world







 
 



  
  
  

all instant


online downloads


here
 
	 
  
   
free online version!

frontal lobes
supercharge  
 
	 



 
	 



secret of
the brain lab 

  
	 


 
	 


brain magic


    
 
	 




			brain music cds




			and dvds 


			here  
 
	 


 
	 






have fun! 
	anti-rules
 
	 



 
	 



much more at   
the amazing brain book and music store  


               
amazing brain adventure 


 
main site:





            
  
      



cosmic
conversations  
  


                                      
 
easy paint 


your car                                      
                                       
 
  





click here for




			all books, cds, dvds,


			and online downloads


   

                                      
 
  

  




   


easy 
			make a


 



 





