ï»¿



barley house: the barley house is a restaurant with good food, beer and live music located on smu boulevard in dallas, tx.


















 
 
 













(214) 824-0306


5612 smu boulevard, dallas, tx  75206          

























home

about us

menus

full menu

beverage menu


events

specials

photos

photos

full gallery


contact us

contacts / location

sitemap



contact us















































prev
next







 















welcome to the barley house



barley house is a dallas institution, offering some of the best live music to be found anywhere in the city. our atmosphere is very relaxed and 
              you can find something good to eat with something fun to do almost every night night of the week.  this is where beer is a way of life! come and check out our outdoor patio, as well as great 
              bands during the week and weekend!











the barley house
scroll over our ammenities below and connect with us for your next visit or party?












large beer selection
our selection of spirits is too long to list here, but just know that we carry all your favorites from the world over and just down the road.
 
 







 
 
 
 
beverage menu













weekly live music
barley house has an endless rotation of original live bands and cover bands that bring in live-show fans from across dallas / fort worth.
 
 







 
 
 
 
upcoming events













fresh amazing food
we serve anything from burgers to pizza using proprietary meats along with the the freshest vegitables to satisfy your culinary desire.
 
 







 
 
 
 
full menu
















upcoming events
barley house has live music every week. below are some of the upcoming events and click on the "events" button for future events at the 
                  barley house.
			  
   

   

   

   

 upcoming events












it's trivia season!
barley house is overjoyed to kick off a new season of the wildly popular geeks who drink team trivia nights. each thursday night at 8 pm bring your friends and your vast knowledge of all things trite and superficial. bar tab prizes for the top team each week plus bonus question prizes throughout the evening.a big change this year is no pencil and paper! contactless answer submission via your device is accommodated on a dedicated gwd event site. so keep those devices charged and warm up those thumbs!
 










barley house photos click on the pictures below for to see our food, fun & restaurant.






barley house on smu blvd.







burger & salad







there's always a daily special







barley house pizza







magical nights on the patio







big screen tvs for the big games







barley house fun







large outdoor patio







patio fire






 full gallery






barley house © 
website powered by 
				
sitegistics.com



contact us












