


	home
























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).



























u.s. air force logo























home


tools


afimpt


doaf order portal


wms


obsolete products


product announcements




publications + forms


publication management


about us


contact us




faq












department of the air force e-publishing




publications and formspublications managementother publishing sites
































for afdpo training registration

for afdpo training registration
click here











subscriptions

subscriptions
get an email when your favorite publication or form changes!











mission statement

mission statement











vision:



vision:


















       

















news alert extra! extra!



​  ​ebook reader app instruction for android. click here
pop-up training coming soon! click here 
winter edition 2024 coming soon!






featured links



dod forms
secaf directive publications reduction 
stalled publication/form packages in afimpt
secaf redesignation of air force space command to united states space force      
for afdpo training registration, click here
daf publications and forms training resources
 











































































             




most vieweddafh33-337 - tongue and quill dafi36-2903 - dress and personal appearance of air force personnelafi36-2406 - officer and enlisted evaluation systemsdafman36-2806 - awards and memorialization programdafi90-160 - publications and forms management afman33-361 - publishing processes and proceduresdaf673 - air force publication/form action request






items of interestmajcom pubs/forms supportqualification training flight (q-flight)profession of arms handbookidartongue and quill templatesthe tongue & quill has provided generations of airmen a standardized format for air force documents such as official memorandums, point papers, personal letters, and many more. standardized communication guidelines provided by the tongue & quill have improved the sharing of ideas, information, and messages with others by providing readers a familiar set of formats. the static format examples within the tongue & quill have been transformed into official digital templates which allow airmen to focus on creating better content; instead of creating the right format. when an airmen downloads an official template from this site, they can rest assured that they're starting with an approved format.
airmen successfully accomplish more missions with fewer people than ever before and there is a constant battle to cover the bases with limited resources. time is a resource. in the context of great power competition, every moment counts. these official templates will help give time back to airmen and allow them to focus on the mission.
 
templates
template user guide
personal letter template_10nov2020
official memorandum template_10nov2020
background paper template_10nov2020
usaf official bio template_25march2024
ussf official bio template_25march2024
position paper template_10nov2020
bullet background paper template_10nov2020
point paper template_10nov2020
talking paper template_10nov2020
af portal banner notice for release of afh 1 (v1).




































































































quick links
contact usequal opportunityfoia | privacy | section 508inspector generaljag court-martial docketlink disclaimerno fear actosi tip lineresiliencesite mapveterans crisis line



careers
join the air forceair force benefitsair force careersair force reserveair national guardcivilian service


connect

                get social with us         
            






u.s. air force logo














official united states air force website




hosted by defense media activity - web.mil










