










digging dog nursery | mail-order nursery | garden nursery and plants | rare ornamental plants from the mendocino coast









🐾
now accepting preorders for the spring 2025 shipping season!!!
2024 t-shirts and tote bags now available!
https://merch.diggingdog.com/product-category/t-shirts/
 
 




  








digging dog nursery


a mail-order nursery featuring hard to find ornamental perennials, grasses, shrubs, trees, and vines for your garden.




























































quick search






digging dog nursery

a retail and mail-order plant nursery specializing in unusual and hard-to-find perennials, ornamental grasses, shrubs, trees, and vines.




31101 middle ridge road
    albion, ca 95410
(707) 937-1130 (phone)

business@diggingdog.com





 
















photos by marion brenner, claire takacs, and jessica alexis friedland.




















digging dog nursery is a family-owned nursery and mail-order business situated on the mendocino coast in northern california.
        our nursery offers healthy and vigorous plants grown in our own custom potting mix that includes a sterilized sandy loam.
        we propagate the majority of the plants we sell.
for more than 20 years, we have been offering a selection of tried and true garden performers, as well as many unique and easily grown varieties that emphasize long blooming periods, and year-round appeal with an array of buds, blooms, seedheads, berries, intriguing foliage, or bark.
in the following pages, you will find a versatile and extraordinary collection—a plethora of plants for formal or informal spaces, as well as naturalized meadows, shady woodland areas, mediterranean and water-wise gardens, the rockery, and even some market plantings with a focus on fresh or dried arrangements.
you can order plants from our website, from our printed catalog, by phone, or come visit our nursery.
        our nursery is open to visitors seasonally.



there will not be a printed 2024 catalog
      		. . . but there will be a beautiful 2024 graphic & t-shirts!




search for plants in our catalog
enter the name, or part of the name, of a plant you are looking for:







you'll find a diverse selection of unusual plants in these and many other genera in the digging dog site:

achillea
aster
campanula
crocosmia
euphorbia
geranium
nepeta
kniphofia
penstemon
salvia
miscanthus
heaths & heathers
cistus
hydrangea
lavender
viburnum
alstroemeria
aquilegia
corydalis
verbascum



complete list of plants:

perennials a-e
perennials e-o
perennials o-z
grasses
shrubs
trees & vines



browse our online catalog:

perennials a-an
perennials an-az
perennials b-c
perennials d-e
perennials f-g
perennials h-i
perennials j-m
perennials n-p
perennials r-s
perennials t-z
grasses a-d
grasses e-z
shrubs a-g
shrubs h-z
trees & vines




latest news
there does not seem to be any news today. check back later!


current staff’s favorite plant









visit our pages on facebook, pinterest, and instagram


































































































latest news
there does not seem to be any news today. check back later!









visit our pages on facebook, pinterest, and instagram




current staff’s favorite plant


 






31101 middle ridge road
    albion, ca 95410
(707) 937-1130 (phone)

business@diggingdog.com





