








pretoria boys high school - where excellence thrives


















































 


skip to content



toggle navigationhomeaboutabout pretoria boys highcommunity engagementour campusour historythe house systemwellnesslife at pbhsacademicsbush schoolcultural activitiesmusicsportboardingour peopleleadership & staffboys’ leadershipold boys associationadmissionstoggle navigationcalendarresourcespoliciesthe pretorian magazinenewsgalleryour futurecontactcontact detailsvacancies
 





pretoria boys high schoolpbhadmin2025-02-14t08:31:41+02:00 
welcome to pretoria boys high school
admissionswelcome
welcome to pretoria boys high where excellence thrives in every aspect—academics, sports, and culture—deeply rooted in the spirit of south africa. here, we shape young men into independent thinkers with strength of character, kindness, and respect. our mission is to nurture articulate, well-mannered leaders who are educated beyond the classroom and dedicated to serving their community. join us in building a future of courage, service, and integrity.
‘tis here we learn to live!
admissionsadvancing our future
pretoria boys high school remains committed so as to ensure the school’s position as a beacon of excellence in the south african education sector.
please click on the link below to find out more how you can get involved and support us.
get involvedcommunity involvement
at pretoria boys high school, we believe in the power of selfless acts and the importance of giving back to our community. rooted in our core values and principles, our charity initiatives encourage students, families, and staff to come together to support those in need.
through our various fundraising activities and service projects, we aim to foster a culture of compassion and generosity, because every act of kindness makes a difference.
outreach125 year celebration
2026 marks 125 years of our school’s distinguished legacy.
this milestone birthday honours our rich heritage, cherished values, and enduring traditions that have shaped thousands of boys.
2026 will be dedicated to several events and activities as we reflect on our past, and anticipate a prosperous future for generations to come.
academicsadmissionsboardingcalendarculturemusicsportsupport pbhs



 
 
contact us
phone: +27 12 460 2246
email: info@boyshigh.com
postal address: po box 11790 hatfield 0028
physical address: 251 roper street, brooklyn,
pretoria, gauteng, south africa
admissionsquick links
old boys association
term dates
© all rights reserved




toggle sliding bar area





home
about

about pbhs
community engagement
our campus
our history
the house system
wellness


life at pbhs

academics
bush school
cultural activities
music
sport


boarding
our people

leadership & staff
boys’ leadership
old boys association


admissions
calendar
resources & policies

the pretorian mag


news
gallery
our future
contact & vacancies
 










 
 
page load link







go to top




