


carl heilman ii, adirondack photography workshops, wilderness tours, stock photos, panoramas, posters, gifts, adirondack prints, jigsaw puzzles, books, adirondack photographer, lake george photos, murals, snowshoes, snowshoeing, adirondacks poster, new york, adirondack park and niagara falls wallpaper, nature photography, lake champlain, adirondacks and lake george wall calendar, the gates, central park, new york city photographs and photography, montana 360 virtual panoramas, fine art prints










 


online store
workshops / programs
stock photography
wallpaper / screensavers
virtual panoramas
snowshoeing
fine art prints
photo galleries




















wild visions, inc. ~ 6990 state route 8, brant lake, ny 12815 ~ 518-494-3072, mon - fri, 9-5
email photos@carlheilman.com



written permission is required to use any image or text from this site except where noted. please see our copyright page.
all articles, images and page content are copyrighted â© carl e. heilman ii / wild visions, inc. all rights reserved.




carl heilman ii is an award winning outdoor photographer who specializes in nature panoramas, murals, and nature photography of lake george, lake champlain, the adirondacks, new york state, the maine coast, and montana panoramas and photos. he also creates wilderness nature photos of national parks and other wild areas in the us and canada. his 360 degree virtual nature panoramas are also on www.naturepanoramas.com. 
carl enjoys working in his digital 'darkroom' to produce fine art prints with vibrant detail. he has produced adirondack multi-image programs, and is the photographer for several books, including, 'adirondacks: views of an american wilderness', 'the adirondacks', 'wild new york', 'our new york', and 'two in the wilderness'. he is also an avid outdoorsman and well known for his expertise on snowshoes, his snowshoeing clinics and digital nature photography and photoshop workshops. we offer spring landscapes, digital photography, fall landscapes, winter landscapes, photoshop for photographers workshops, and an acadia national park photo workshop.
our links page has links for the adirondack park, adirondack folk musicians and artists, environmental groups, outdoors and hiking links, photographers, nature photography workshops, photography links, snowshoes, astronomy, and weather.






a family owned business since 1988, wild visions, inc., features carl heilman ii's adirondack gifts and jigsaw puzzles and photography books, the adirondacks wall calendar, lake george wall calendars, panoramas and fine art prints, adirondack posters, mount marcy posters, lake george poster, mount washington posters, lake winnipesaukee posters, videos, stock photography, stock panoramas, and murals. 
enjoy our free new york state and adirondack park wallpaper and screensavers from the adirondack high peaks, the adirondacks, montana, glacier, acadia, and badlands national parks, times square in new york city, tuckerman's ravine and mount washington, aruba and lake george.
in february, 2005, carl traveled to central park in new york city to photograph christo and jeanne-claude's installation of 'the gates' and created some unique panoramas and photographs.
the albany skyline panorama is in our fine art prints landscapes gallery - lake george photos, prints, and panoramas are in our fine art prints shorelines gallery. view our adirondack high peaks panoramas and prints, montana photos, unique fine art abstracts, lake winnipesaukee prints and squam lake panoramic prints.





please join our mailing list!


								we typically do several e-mailings each year to keep folks on our mailing list informed about any new changes to our site and the addition of new pictures, photos, panoramas, fine art prints, jigsaw puzzles, and items we are offering for sale. we also try to keep folks updated with information about our nature photography workshops, and any special programs that may have been added to our calendar page.

click here for the form to add your name to our personal mailing list




become a fan of our facebook page
photography, workshops, and events page 









