




dovely's days































		      
                      about me
       
            



name:dovely
from: newton, alabama, united states
about me: i'm a tide fan, need i say more?

more..





				
                      2006 schedule
                      
	    
 
9/02 hawaii--win
9/09 vanderbilt*--win
9/16 louisianna-monroe--win
9/23 at arkansas*--loss :(
9/30 at florida*
10/07 duke
10/14 ole miss*
10/21 at tennessee*
10/28 florida int(hc)
11/04 mississippi state*
11/11 at lsu*
11/18 auburn*




				
                      prothro info
                      
            




"the catch" video footage
video footage broken leg

these are obviously the two most sought after files, however if you are looking for other pictures or information on tyrone, please
click the above photo!




				
                      university
                      
            



yea alabama
crimson white
paul "bear" bryant museum
million dollar band
crimson tradition




				
                      news
                      
            

sec sports
college football news
tide insider
tide sports
bama online




				
                      bama fans
                      
            






clay's bama page
roll tampa tide
the bama report
houndstooth huddle
tide fans
lady in red
bama dog
roll tide bama
pride of tide




				
                      bama shops
                      
            

bama stuff.com
red elephants
bama fever









monday, september 25, 2006
depressing, isn't it?
well, so much for a unbeaten season.  i'm sure everyone who is into tide football knows of the loss to arkansas this past weekend.  yeah, it was a one point loss, but really when all is said and done, it's still a loss, and to me this one was an oucher.i knew this was going to be a tough game for us, as will be the rest of the sec major teams.  i have been of course keeping a watchful eye on the other teams, watching the games, and trying to evaluate how tough of a fight we will have with said teams.saturday's game was rough, but it should have been a win for us.  i hate to blame tiffin, it's not entirely his fault.  as i'm sure many are aware, there were mistakes made that shouldn't have been made....there was a potential touchdown that was by-passed by the attempted and failed feild goal.  things to learn from yes.that being said, i saw a great game from our newbie qb.  yeah, there is still a lot of growth to be accomplished on his behalf, but in all i really feel as if he did a great job.  he did get sacked one to many times for my liking, but i did see some great potential and think he'll develop more and more throughout the season.  i loved the couple of plays that used running back and former hs quarterback jimmy johns in conjuction with jp.  i really want to see more of this, you have the talent, use it!!!we have a lot of rookies out there, and at the end of the game they are beaten up and bruised, but they continue to fight.  it's one of the many things i love about alabama football.  you can knock us down, talk as much crap about us as you like, but eventually we will come back to haunt you.  it may not be this season, or even next, but we will bite you in the back end when it counts the most.on to florida, wich fortunately will be aired again by cbs.  this one is going to be another tough one for us.  florida is taking full advantage of thier duo qb's, and what one can't do, the other will.  damn tebow.  thier defense is a little weak (in my opinion) so we can use that to our advantage, and hopefully will.roll tide, roll.i'm out.
 

     posted by dovely at 9/25/2006 10:39:00 am |  1 comments 





sunday, september 17, 2006
alabama 41 lmsu 7
yeah, i bet it was fun to watch.  i enjoyed listening to it, that's for sure!!!  alabama game play action from several red shirts, and they did great!!!  looks like we have some pretty good talent out there and if we can keep them all healthy we will be in for a few years of great football games!i watched football pretty much all day yesturday.  started with the vandy game against arkansas. it was a pretty tough game to watch, because obviously with the razorbacks being next on our schedule i wanted to see what we will be up against.  the razorbacks are pretty quick and only beat vandy by a point, so i think we are looking at a close game on the next round.  if we can keep some of our quick runners in there it may be interesting for sure however i don't expect a blow out as we had with lmsu.  i definately feel as if we should keep the razorbacks on thier toes and do a lot of rotation with some of the kids who really wanna get out there and show thier stuff as they did in the game yesturday.auburn and lsu was the next ticket.  wow...that was an incredible game to watch.  alot of defensive play, not much to the offense though.  i am not a big fan of auburn for obvious reasons, but their defense has improved immensely this season.  i think we are looking a tough fight with both teams when our time comes.  i have to say, this game was probably the best game i watched yesturday even though i had to fight myself about who i wanted to win when deep in my heart i wanted them both to loose.  yes, i know, someone had to win.  darn it.then there was fat fulmer and florida.  gawd i was pretty sick of orange by then end of the night.  another tight game, but florida pulled it out and defeated the vols.  yea!  we are in for a few really tough games ahead of us, and here's hoping we can hang tough and prove to the world that bama is truly back!i'm out.
 

     posted by dovely at 9/17/2006 04:59:00 pm |  0 comments 





tuesday, september 12, 2006
2 down!
well, yeah.  two games down and this is the first time i have posted anything.  why?  well, i'm one of those "visual" type people and it's hard for me to write about something i hear rather than experience visually.  may sound silly, but listening to the last two games on the radio just didn't do as much for me as watching them would have done.  this week's game against lousianna-monroe, ppv, so i'll be listening again rather than watching.  argh.  let's get these darn games on television folks!!!!i have heard that we could be seeing some playing time by terry grant...woohooo!!!!  hope he can go out there and show his stuff and possibly see him a lot more throughout the season.  personally, i would absolutely love to see terry and john parker do some sneaky quarterback options, bet it would catch whoever happens to be the opponnet entirely off gaurd!for those of you who are not aware, i do have my own website now that has been keeping me very busy, wich also has a little to do with why i haven't been posting very much.  it's a lot of work keeping up with making new graphics and keeping the pages updated.  i have a lot of bama fans that visit my site, and i want to take this oppurtunity to thank you all for it!!!  i would include a link, however at this time i am having some bandwidth issues, so i'll post it a bit later.i hope those of you who actually get to "watch" the game this weekend enjoy it, and that you will think of me listening to it on the radio.  lol. i'm out.
 

     posted by dovely at 9/12/2006 12:56:00 pm |  0 comments 





sunday, july 23, 2006
i'm a slacker, protho wins espy!
yes, i know.  i haven't been posting up to date lately.  off season and i have been having some unfortunate back problems that has been keeping me miserable.i'm sure most are aware that tyrone protho did win the espy, great news and it gives him something to fight for next season win he's back on the field.  i don't know about the rest of you, but that play will forever be in my mind!just a note, because i have been missing way too much time from work due to my back problems, i have started another website to aide in the funds catagory.  i have made quite a few fun alabama related "glitters" and would love for anyone who stops by to go check it out! 
 

     posted by dovely at 7/23/2006 08:32:00 am |  1 comments 





monday, june 26, 2006
prothro up for espy!
vote for prothros catch for espy play of the yearrelease: 06/26/2006as the 2006 crimson tide football season looms, alabama fans have an opportunity to celebrate the 2005 season one final time, in particular tyrone prothros acrobatic catch against southern miss.voting for the 2006 espys is open and fans can go to espy voting to watch and vote for prothros catch.voting ends on july 9 at midnight eastern time. the espys, hosted by lance armstrong, can be seen live on espn on july 16 at 9:00 p.m. et.please go here to vote!
 

     posted by dovely at 6/26/2006 06:59:00 pm |  0 comments 










				
                      notes/todo
                      
	    

visit myspace







				
                      archives
                      
	    

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
september 2006




				
                      previous punts
                      
	    

depressing, isn't it?
alabama 41 lmsu 7
2 down!
i'm a slacker, protho wins espy!
prothro up for espy!
update-tyrone prothro
the day bear bryant died--->
making chages
a little late--anthony madison
the draft is over




				
                      scoreboard
                      
	    







				
                      bama fun stuff
                      
	    


feel free to "steal" these buttons.  please leave a link back here someplace on your page!







dr. philgood has some great sec gif's for you to use on your webpage!
dr.philgood's bama gif's

finally, some great tunes!
yea alabama
go bama!
roll tide 1
roll tide 2
elephant stomp





				
                      powered by
                      
	    














 this bama ring site owned by dovely's days.

[ 
 prev 5
|
 skip
 prev

|
 prev
|
 next
|  skip next
|
 next 5
|
 random
|
 list | join

]
big al and any other university of alabama logos are registered trademarks and not for public sale or any other misuse.
other graphics and coding of this template are ©2006 by dovely.


 






