



















college of agricultural sciences |










































































skip to main content





 search field
search



 exit search









 college of agricultural sciences » crop and soil science 




open search box



apply   mycas






undergraduatecurrent studentscrop and soil science undergraduate degree programminor programshow to applyundergraduate coursesexperiential learningscholarshipsgraduatecrop sciencesoil sciencehow to applygraduate coursesscholarships & financial supportfaculty accepting studentsgraduate student handbookresearch & extensioncropssoil scienceseminarsservicesseed certificationseed testingken gray insect image collectionstable isotope research unitsoil health labpeopleadministrationfacultyresearch supportseed certificationseed laboratorygraduate studentsemeritus directoryaboutnewsfacilitiesdepartmental archivescontact usnewsletteremployee resourceshyslop farm field day 





 

home







 

 


                sign up for our newsletter!              




                covid-19 safety and success at osu              







the department of crop and soil science solves problems related to field crop agriculture, natural systems, rural and urban economies, and natural resource management.
 

 


 


                seed the world              




                small farms              




                grow better crops              




                soil health              







get a bachelor of science degree in crop and soil science

	as an undergraduate, you'll have many chances for hands-on learning. research opportunities for students include projects in breeding plants for food, oil and other uses, the science behind soil health, small farm operations and more, while your required internship will introduce you to the different career options available to you once you graduate. student club activities will help you hone your leadership skills, positioning you for an exciting career in agronomy, soil science, or plant breeding.

learn about graduate programs

	the department of crop and soil science offers graduate work in the following areas:


crop science

plant breeding and genetics

soil science
 

 








	crop science & production

	we're committed to acquiring, integrating and sharing basic and applied knowledge about field crops and cropping systems in an ever-changing world.
learn about crop science and production »

	soil science

	we strive to understand the structure and function of the earth's surface. our broad discipline includes soil biology, chemistry, physics, fertility, and pedology.
learn about soil science » 

 










			our students







  
 
	qianqian fan | anqing china | class of 2019

	m.s. crop science 
 learn more  

  
 
	tessa barker | m.s. crop science | class of 2022

	salem, or | ishs member | b.a. sociology

ashs undergraduate oral competition 2nd & 3rd place  
 learn more  



 

 




more student stories
 

 








announcements
 

 




 

 










			events



	 
 

 






			in the news




 


  
 

where in the world is distinguished professor john selker? chile

	john selker is a distinguished professor of hydrology in osu’s college of agricultural sciences, where he has been researching water and soil...
    

  
 

osu partnership provides durability for central oregon hay growers

	hay and forage producers in central oregon, oregon’s top hay-producing region, face significant challenges, including limited irrigation water...
    

  
 

helping oregon farmers thrive with smarter seed testing solutions

	“a land grant university is bringing together people with diverse backgrounds and skills to help the people within oregon. and that is...
    

  
 

osu extension collaborates with oregon ipm center to answer pest management questions

	as an agronomist with the oregon state university extension service, gordon jones gets many questions on a variety of topics, including field...
    


 
 

 















 





   department of crop and soil science
  109 crop science building
  oregon state university
  corvallis, or 97331-3002
send e-mail
phone: (541) 737-2821
fax: (541) 737-1589

	  







	3017 agriculture and life sciences building
	oregon state university
	corvallis, or 97331-7306
send e-mail
phone: (541) 737-2441
fax: (541) 737-1589

	  





 
   






osu college of agricultural sciences
    430 strand agriculture hall
    corvallis, oregon 97331
contact us 


©2022 oregon state university
privacy information and disclaimer
equal opportunity and accessibility



my college of agricultural sciences








apply | donate




student resources

transfer guides
clubs and organizations
future students
degrees
diversity resources



employee resources

funding opportunities
safety and compliance
marketing & communications
information technology



new employees

orientation
new employee information











