




  










joni mitchell - official website




















































menu







home
news
music
store
subscribe
library
chronology
paintings
biography
socials













more options & shortcuts »


register/log in
























latest news



                16 jan


joni to perform at fireaid benefit concert








    
   the biggest names in pop, rock and country are coming together to raise funds for victims of the palisades and eaton wildfires and assist with the recovery.

a benefit concert, fireaid, will take place on jan. 30 on two stages, one at intuit dome and the other at the kia forum, organizers announced on thursday.

more than 15 music acts have been announced so far, including billie eilish and finneas, earth, wind & fire, gracie abrams, green day, gwen stefani, jelly roll, joni mitchell, katy perry, lady gaga, lil baby, p!nk, red hot chili peppers, rod stewart, sting, stephen stills, stevie nicks, tate mcrae, and performing together for the first time, dave matthews and john mayer. 
-marc sternfield, christine samra
more information here



 



                04 oct


archives 4 released today








   it's finally here! out now, the joni mitchell archives, vol. 4: the asylum years (1976-1980) culls previously unissued material from original stereo reels, cassette tapes, cd-rs, and even a radio broadcast. newly mixed tracks came from multi-track tapes, while a handful of hi-res digital tracks have been sourced from the bob dylan archives. 
    
 more information here



 



                02 oct


hejira demos to be released on vinyl in november








   this year, rhino’s will be releasing a special record store day black friday lp of joni's hejira demos on 180g black vinyl. this title will be available on november 29 at participating     
 indie music retailers. these demos are included currently in the archives 4 boxed cd set. more details to follow.



 
    
    
        see  news history »
today in history
                        see any day in history » 


appearances from  a chronology of appearances:
   1966

the chess mate

   1967

the riverboat

   1972

the masonic temple theater

   1976

civic center

   1982

the mudd club



 


articles from the  library:
   1973

joni mitchell keeps on growing

   1976

mitchell is pgh's valentine

   1977

new lp’s make fine listening part ii

   1996

singer-songwriter gets no respect in rock history

   1999

joni mitchell

   2005

riffs

   2009

chameleon: herbie hancock adapts to lyrics

   2011

restored joni mitchell live session now available in kcrw archives

   2014

the secret life of larry sloman

   2021

haim on their lifelong love of joni mitchell

   2022

treasure somewhere: patrick milligan talks ‘joni mitchell archives, vol. 2’



 


today's featured video



gershwin red carpet - brandi carlile

browse video library »


newest article additions

joni mitchell leaves jennifer lopez and alicia keys awestruck at clive davis’ pre-grammy bashpage six,  february 2025
fireaid has raised more than $100 million so far for l.a. fire relief effortsvariety,  february 2025
of course we should gush over joni mitchellwashington post,  february 2025
looking back at fireaid, a landmark concert of heartbreak and hopetimes of san diego,  february 2025
‘both sides now’ at 25: a track-by-track guide to joni mitchell’s majestic concept albumdig!,  february 2025
‘fireaid’ streaming extended a yearramp - radio and music pros,  february 2025

see article library »


shortcuts to popular sections

                - song lyrics, list of albums, and video collection.
                - recent articles added to library.
                - joni's concert dates and concert tours.
                - transcriptions for guitar, piano, and more.
                - joni undercover- songs recorded by other artists.
 - love it some? hate it some? give us feedback on the website!

47 upcoming tributes and events
do you know of a joni-related event we've not listed here? email the information to us and we'll post it here.



								22 feb


out of the blue - a celebration of joni, aberdeen, scotland, feb 22



 
 celebrating the music of joni mitchell, anne gair and her band explore the songs from her most loved album blue and other favourites.

after repeated sell out shows, anne gair and her band have taken the show on the road.. 

here is what our audience members have said

"brilliant gig, super band!"

"it was absolutely brilliant!. who knew someone other than joni could do justice to blue"

"thoroughly enjoyed it from start to finish. you (anne) and the band were absolutely superb"

"thank you for an amazing show! we loved every minute. now we're sorry we can't make the next one"

come and hear the whole of 'blue' and other favourites inc big yellow taxi, both sides now, river and many more with a full band including joni's trademark appalachian dulcimer.

anne gair - vocals, acoustic guitar, dulcimer
maria quinn - piano
ian murray - double bass, guitar
john inglis - guitars, electric bass
billy bowes - drums, percussion   
   
more information here






								27 feb


this flight tonight-the songs of joni, ennis s ireland, february 27



 
    
acclaimed singer songwriters zervas & pepper present 'this flight tonight-the songs of joni mitchell' an intimate acoustic tribute to the music of joni mitchell... featuring songs such as 'california', 'blue', 'woodstock' 'both sides now', 'carey', 'coyote', 'a case of you', and many more... with conga/bass, open tuned acoustic/electric guitars, harmonies, dulcimer, piano and voice front and centre.. presenting mitchell's music as it would have been performed in joni's early performances.
"fine singing" david crosby ...... 
"beautiful" bob harris...... 
"sublime" mark radcliffe 
    
 click photo for more info






								28 feb


this flight tonight-the songs of joni, kildare uk, february 28



 
    
acclaimed singer songwriters zervas & pepper present 'this flight tonight-the songs of joni mitchell' an intimate acoustic tribute to the music of joni mitchell... featuring songs such as 'california', 'blue', 'woodstock' 'both sides now', 'carey', 'coyote', 'a case of you', and many more... with conga/bass, open tuned acoustic/electric guitars, harmonies, dulcimer, piano and voice front and centre.. presenting mitchell's music as it would have been performed in joni's early performances.
"fine singing" david crosby ...... 
"beautiful" bob harris...... 
"sublime" mark radcliffe 
    
 click photo for more info






								01 mar


this flight tonight-the songs of joni, colerain ireland, march 1



 
    
acclaimed singer songwriters zervas & pepper present 'this flight tonight-the songs of joni mitchell' an intimate acoustic tribute to the music of joni mitchell... featuring songs such as 'california', 'blue', 'woodstock' 'both sides now', 'carey', 'coyote', 'a case of you', and many more... with conga/bass, open tuned acoustic/electric guitars, harmonies, dulcimer, piano and voice front and centre.. presenting mitchell's music as it would have been performed in joni's early performances.
"fine singing" david crosby ...... 
"beautiful" bob harris...... 
"sublime" mark radcliffe 
    
 click photo for more info



see more upcoming tributes and events »













jonimitchell.com
register / login


translate this page:






contact us
give us feedback
permissions
copyright claims


credits
jmdl





follow joni mitchell











website design by
							raffaele malanga at far studios
css and html wizardry by els
programming by 
frontrange360











