





nurseries online - australia's online plant nursery and gardening directory







































 

home
a-z plant index
trees and shrubs

fruit trees
advanced trees
evergreen trees


native plants
roses
buying plants online

mail order nurseries
retail plant nurseries
wholesale nurseries


garden pots
water features for the garden
garden accessories
about us
water features for the garden
garden pots
garden accessories
 


featured articles

deadheading roseshow to deadhead roses



how and when to deadhead roses



the reason you deadhead roses is … continue reading →

crassula ‘moonglow’an interesting hybrid, crassula 'moonglow' is a cross between craccula deceptor and crasula … continue reading →

carpobrotus rossii – karkalla or native pigfacebrilliant bright purple to pink flowers, good foliage and easy care nature make carpobrotus … continue reading →

black dahlias and other dark plantsalthough “black dahlia" is most commonly associated with the infamous unsolved murder case … continue reading →

astelia banksiithe coastal astelia
strappy silvery green foliage and with the ability to grow in light … continue reading →

fenestraria ‘fireworth’one of the most sought after species, fenestraria 'fireworth' has large brightly coloured … continue reading →

pseudotrillium rivalethe brook wakerobin





pseudotrillium rivale



recently renamed from trillium rivale to … continue reading →

echeveria agavoides ‘ebony’a beautiful succulent, echeveria agavoides 'ebony' is a hybrid, wonderful specimen plant, … continue reading →

dahliasdahlia flower



tubers -  plants and flowers



dahlias are much loved for their … continue reading →

erythronium tuolumnensetuolumne dog toothed violet



from california, erythronium tuolumnense is a yellow … continue reading →

daphne odora albadaphne odora alba



a white flowering species, daphne odora alba not only has highly … continue reading →

pilea pepperomioidesthe chinese money plant



pilea pepperomioides - the chinese money plant



a much sought … continue reading →

bonica rosebonica is a meilland rose available a shrub type or as a standard. good perfume and disease … continue reading →

monstera thai constellationa variegated monstera



with large variegated leaves monstera thai constellation is a … continue reading →

fritillaria imperialisthe crown imperial fritillary



one of the most sought after of all of the fritillaria … continue reading →

 nurseries online - how to find and grow garden plants
australian gardeners have been finding and buying plants online, learning how to grow them, and keeping up to date with the latest in the gardening world at nurseries online for over 10 years.
we provide expert gardening articles written by both experienced nurserymen and specialist growers from across australia. 
looking for outdoor furniture, garden ponds, pumps or gardening tools we have it covered. gardening shows, plant fairs and gardening clubs, all the information you need in one online resource.
we also look at garden design and ornaments, including water features, garden pots, cottage gardens, japanese and balinese garden ideas.
with 1000s of visitors every day nurseries online is a 'one stop garden shop'. you can find where to buy almost any plant, along with growing notes. keep up to date with the latest garden shows and plant fairs and find seasonal gardening advice.
and yes we can answer your questions, ask us by email, on google plus or facebook and we will try to solve your gardening problems.
looking for a little gardening advice, some tips and ideas, we have lots of helpful articles on topics such as how to grow saffron and how to prune roses.....


 facebook pinterest

 

categories

a-z plant index

advanced trees

australian native plants

bamboo

bromeliads

camellias

climbing plants

conifers

daphne

deciduous trees and shrubs

evergreen trees and shrubs

ferns

flowering bulbs

fruit trees – berry fruit

garden accessories / ornaments

garden centres

garden clubs and events

garden design

garden pots

garden supplies

gardening articles

gardens to visit

ground cover plants

hedging plants

herb plants

indoor plants

magnolias

maple trees

orchids

ornamental grasses

outdoor living

palm trees and cycads

perennial plants

roses

salvia plants

succulents

suppliers

trees and shrubs

tropical plants

vegetable garden

viburnum

water features

water plants

watering systems

weed control

wholesale plants



copyright © 2025  · advertise with us · contact us











