







blue mountain networks high speed internet - local provider





























































































resources

webmail
classifieds


support
pay your bill
541-370-3000
























residential

home internetrefer a neighbor
business

commercial servicessectors

healthcaregovernmenteducation 
carrier networks
our company

aboutcareerspress & eventsblogfaq
contact

salessupportbilling
get service



 















 
slide 1peoplewifilocal fiberinternet provider


switch to blue mountain networks, the best internet provider for an exceptional home internet and business internet experience. elevate your online connectivity with lightning-fast speeds and unlimited data usage.
sign up todayslide 1peoplewifirefer aneighbor


when you refer a family member, friend or neighbor to blue mountain, and they sign up for internet service, you both qualify to receive an extra free month. how many free months? the limit does not exist!
refer nowslideresidential internetbusiness internet & phone 
   











the blue mountain difference
get the service you deserve
we provide our customers with the best features an internet service provider can offer.
 










locally operated & supported
we are proud to serve as an oregon-based company, dedicated to supporting the residents of our local communities. at blue mountain networks, we are committed to providing exceptional assistance to our valued customers.








no limits on data usage
stream or download unlimited content without worrying about data charges with blue mountain networks. join our network and enjoy the freedom to stream or download as much as you want, all without any hidden costs.
 








24/7 technical support
need assistance? feel free to reach out to our reliable tech support team at blue mountain networks. they are dedicated to answering your questions and providing the assistance you need.






*

symmetrical speeds
symmetrical speeds not only ensure the highest quality streaming of videos, but also elevate your online experience to new heights. join our network and enjoy uninterrupted streaming like never before.
 














home internet provider
discover blue mountain networks, your premier choice for home internet providers. step into a realm of unmatched connectivity and independence with our exceptional internet services. with no data caps and lightning-fast symmetrical speeds, we offer unparalleled reliability and performance. whether you’re streaming, gaming, or working from home, blue mountain networks ensures a seamless online experience for all your needs.



home internet










business internet & phone
blue mountain networks is the best business internet and phone provider in the area. with a robust network infrastructure and cutting-edge technology, we offer reliable and high-speed internet connectivity along with crystal-clear phone service. our dedicated team of professionals is committed to delivering exceptional customer service and ensuring uninterrupted communication for businesses of all sizes. trust blue mountain networks to meet your business needs and exceed your expectations.



business internet








managed wifi
you wouldn’t expect a single light bulb to light every room of your home, you can’t expect a single router to bring wifi to every nook and cranny. blue mountain network’s enhanced whole home managed wifi solution, powered by eero, uses multiple access points and truemesh technology to make sure you can stream, work, and play from every corner of every room. lease your eero internet equipment from blue mountain for only $10/month.



sign up today







a  few words from our customers
 









 










don’t miss today’s exclusive offers

ready to get started?

we’re the internet service provider you’ve been looking for.

check availability













quick links




find service
pay bill
cancel service
contact support
faq
service areas
refer a neighbor










followfollowfollowfollow



legal




terms & conditions
acceptable use policy
privacy policy










community




voicemail
careers
press & events
blog
classifieds












locations

hood river & surrounding areas616 industrial ave, ste 401hood river, oregon, 97031
hermiston & surrounding areas2180 se kelli blvdhermiston, oregon, 97838

view more office information

explore the areas we serve






office hours
monday – friday8:00am – 12:00pm1:00pm – 5:00pm


customer service hours
monday – friday8:00am – 6:00pm
24/7 technical support






bmnsales@bluemountainnet.com
bmnbilling@bluemountainnet.com
bmnsupport@bluemountainnet.com






541-370-3000





 





















