


winchester rifles gun parts winchester 94 model 12 parts gun appraisal firearm marlin colt rifle pistol shot gun firearm gun part model 1894 22 1890 1906 61 62 63 1873 1895 value military mossberg savage jimenez henry smith & wesson glock rolling block 12 62a 70 55 53 71 60 old serial number expert















homestead firearms




	specializing in antique firearms of the old west

	winchester rifles, winchester 1894, winchester model 12, winchester 1873







 gun parts parts 









winchester 
							rifleswinchester 
							shotgunshenry 
							rifleshenry 
							shotgunsremington 
							riflescolt 
							riflesmarlin 
							riflesmossberg 
							riflesstevens 
							riflesshotgunsmossberg 
							shotgunsremington 
							shotgunssavage 
							shotgunsstevens 
							shotgunsblack 
							powderpistolsreceiversammunitionreloadingaccessoriesconsignmentsrec-pend


							gun manuals & takedown guides
  gun 
							manufacturers & inventors in time


							appraisalsfind your gun's value







information





					home

					appraisals

					e-books & manuals

					contact us

					ffl services

					gun standards

					gunsmithing services

					how to sell your gun

					news

					policies

					shipping

					terms of sale

					testimonials

					time payments

					user manuals henry


					nics info.

					list of guns covered by c&r permit
















						welcome to homestead firearms
  




see all of our inventory 


				winchester, remington, henry, colt, marlin, savage, smith 
				and wesson, rolling block rifles, ruger,

				plusgun appraisals, gun parts, and 
				sell-your-gun-on-the-internet services *


* note *

we can sell & ship guns to 
				california 



				and we also have a new feature -wildlife art and 
				notecards






 





								need to send or receive a firearm in arizona?





								click hereaz ffl services

 









						guns for sale*

* note 
						-we can sell and ship guns to california



to find models 
						of guns for sale
look in 
						the categories to the left





 



						interested in how much your firearm is worth?



						gun appraisal values



						click here►standard 
						appraisal

						collections & single guns appraised


						click here►do-it-yourself
self appraisals for 
						select gunsonline, fast, inexpensive






 click here for

 disassembly 
						manualsfor your antique firearms


						winchester 1873 -- winchester 
						1890 --


						winchester 1892 -- winchester 
						1894 -- winchester 
						1895 








						how to sell your gun?




						sell on consignment:



						a low-cost &effective way to sell your gun on our web 
						site- a hassle free alternative to auctions





						we also purchase individual 

						guns & collections





						_________________________________________
 


     



coming 
						soon: a manual on 
						winchester 1873screws, springs and pins!


  
						new 1886 manual 
						now available


also 
						coming soon: 1885 winchester disassembly 
						manual







homestead firearms has 
						a large inventory of antique and modern winchester guns 
						from the old west, specializing in pump 22 and lever 
						action winchester rifles, rolling block rifles, antique 
						pistols, hunting rifles and shotguns. you will also find 
						a wide selection of gun parts, firearm accessories, 
						reloading supplies, pistols, ammunition, knives, and 
						reference books. one-stop shopping for early winchester 
						rifles, and many parts for older guns and especially 
						winchester lever-pump-and-bolt action rifles.

we invite you to browse 
						our inventory and become acquainted with items that 
						might be of interest. you will find that our expert 
						staff has a broad experience in shooting, repair, and 
						collecting. you will also find them knowledgeable about 
						a variety of related firearm disciplines, and on 
						questions that you might have regarding any of our 
						products. feel free to contact us with any question that 
						you might have. whether you are interested in 
						collecting, repairing, shooting or hunting, you will 
						find something of interest at homestead 
						firearms. your patronage is welcomed and much 
						appreciated.







--buying, trading, and selling firearms since 1959--




homestead firearms now 
					accepts visa and mastercard credit 
					cards. the credit card transaction site has been made 
					safe with several levels of security that will protect your 
					information and we have partnered with authorize net to 
					process our cards.



we respect your 
					privacy and never share 
					your personal information with others

					 






















  

 

				 





ffl services


						we provide ffl transfer services for tucson and southern 
						arizona!

						shipping services also 
						available!

						$25



						more info


						 



						consignment selling

						advertise online and negotiate directly with the buyer.  
						this is not an auction!  you are in total control


						$29.95 flat fee(keep the profit yourself)



						more info 


						 



books / manuals
 

						takedown manuals and other informational guides.


						download immediately or upgrade to a standard hardcopy 
						book.


						e-books or printed versions


						more info




				 

























we would like to extend to customers, the expert appraisal services of our 

  homestead firearms staff. we will be happy to appraise any number of your 

  firearms.  we specialize in antique winchester rifles.  appraisals 

  are accurate, completed in a timely manner and customer satisfaction is 

  guaranteed.  
due to numerous customer requests for different types of appraisals, we 

  now offer two levels of appraisals. a general 'silver' 

  appraisal and a more detailed 'gold' appraisal. gold appraisals provide  reports that include price, 

  certificates and we also provide you with any historical information that 

  we can find about your firearm. 
homestead firearms 

  has a large inventory of antique and modern guns and gun parts from the old west, 

  specializing in winchester 1873, winchester 1876, winchester 1886, winchester 1890, 

  winchester  1892, winchester  1894, winchester 1895, winchester 1906, winchester model 62 and 

  model 62a, winchester model 61, 

  winchester model 63, remington rolling block, remington model 12, remington model 12c, and modern hunting rifles pre-64 winchester 

  model 70, remington model bdl, adl, mosberg  and savage guns. you 

  will also find a selection of harrington and richards and glock pistols, stevens, 

  benelli and browning shotguns, ammunition, bullets, gun parts, firearm accessories, 

  reloading supplies, knives, and firearms and gun reference books.


  we invite you to browse our inventory and become acquainted with items that 

  might be of interest. you will find many types of winchester lever action 

  rifles, winchester pump .22 rifles, winchester semiautomatic rifles, single 

  barrel shotguns, double barrel shotguns, semiautomatic shotguns and antique 

  pistols.  our expert staff has a broad 

  experience in shooting and/or gun collecting and can answer many of your 

  queries and questions. we appraise guns, evaluate guns, and 

  provide gun appraisal values and gun prices.  we also have numerous guns 

  for sale and sell modern gun 

  parts, antique gun parts, we trade guns, and serve as a reasonable ffl representative in 

  southern arizona.    

and we also are happy to offer several manuals for 


   appraising your 1906 or 1890 1873 1894  model 62 winchester rifles, 
  plus many marlin and remington.

you can save money and do the entire appraisal online, yourself. 

  
www.homesteadfirearms.com 


go to 

  website

