

























southern connecticut state university















      skip to main content
    















utility menu


en español


calendar


news


diversity / equity


one stop


inside southern







main menu slide toggle


apply


visit


give


search


toggle









 

search

search





slide in main menu


about


admissions


academics


student life




slide menu extra


map and directions


directory


calendar


news


athletics


library


inside southern


one stop


alumni




slide menu bottom


apply


visit


give


search


toggle



















 




southern earns prestigious carnegie r2 designation
first in connecticut to achieve this milestone in research-driven excellence

learn more








 




journalism students gain real-world experience
sharing stories and getting published through statewide student journalism collaborative

read about it








 




black history month 2025
celebrating black history with lectures, exhibits, workshops, conversation, and food

view the schedule of events








 




“el coquí” takes center stage
southern and long wharf theatre collaborate on a mainstage production at lyman center

read about it








 




women as innovators and leaders in the stem fields
students engage in cutting-edge research inspired by real-world problems

read about it
















































 


alumna lashante james named ct high school assistant principal of the year






 


evening childcare hours available to student parents






 


alumnus rob parker, ’86, establishes black sportswriters hall of fame






 


southern to expand discounted nebhe tuition rate









presidential search
southern connecticut state university is conducting a search for a new president. find more information and updates on the official website.



southern connecticut state university provides exemplary graduate and undergraduate education in the liberal arts and professional disciplines. as an intentionally diverse and comprehensive university, southern is committed to academic excellence, access, social justice, and service for the public good.













undergraduate
 
b.s. in behavioral neuroscience







graduate studies
 

m.s. in coastal resilience







professional development
 

drone academy


















leading the way
southern connecticut state university has garnered acknowledgment in the 2025 best colleges rankings by u.s. news & world report for its exceptional performance as a leading public institution.
















 










 










 















150+clubs & organizations
225+academic programs
12:1student-to-faculty ratio
19ncaa division ii athletic teams























 













gain hands-on experience
find your passion at southern. research plant genetics in a biology lab, take an acting course with a professional director, collect coastal data on a connecticut beach, compose a piece of electronic music, learn about wall street in a high-tech trading room. it all happens here, and it’s waiting for you.














research opportunities
work closely with faculty who know your name and want to help you succeed. collaborate on vital research projects, from student theses and graduate fellowships to specialized research in a faculty member's area of expertise. our research centers cover such areas as coastal and marine studies, autism spectrum disorders, and nanotechnology.






 




























a social justice university
we’re committed to a mission of social justice, and ours is an inclusive campus culture that welcomes varying perspectives and constructive dialogue. we treat one another with dignity, respect, kindness, compassion, and civility.

learn more





 
























 













a focus on your future
at southern, we believe in lifelong learning! we’ll help you discover and fulfill your career aspirations, with learning experiences offered in person and online. our office of career and professional development works with current scsu students and alumni to create a customized career development experience. our office of workforce and lifelong learning provides training for anyone looking to gain a competitive advantage in the workforce through professional development offerings. 
office of career and professional development →
office of workforce and lifelong learning →


















new haven, a city with endless possibilities
whether you're an arts lover, a foodie, a fan of the outdoors, or want to explore internship or community service opportunities, you'll discover it here in new haven. home to six colleges and universities, it is connecticut’s great college town.

experience new haven





 
























 













let us welcome you to southern in person
see the sights, meet the people, and let us welcome you to southern in person. register now to reserve your spot. our group campus tours are led by southern students throughout the week and some saturday mornings. tours last about 90 minutes.

take a campus tour








be more social
follow us on social
 









 



athletics
take pride in southern's owls
visit athletics
81
individual titles
10
team championships
19
intercollegiate programs





 


















apply
visit
give







connect with us


instagram


facebook


youtube


linkedin














footer menu


contact us


work at southern




footer 2 menu


host an event


library




footer 3 menu


accessibility


website feedback




footer 4 menu


accreditation


title ix












501 crescent street, new haven, ct 06515
(203) 392-scsu
© 2024 southern connecticut state university.



















