












lilly miller - fertilizers | pennington























































 






 














 















 








 












nourish lawns with high quality plant nutrients
lilly miller fertilizers combine traditional, fast-release synthetics with slow-release, natural-based ingredients to promote growth and strong roots in indoor & outdoor plants.





nourish lawns with high quality plant nutrients
lilly miller fertilizers combine traditional, fast-release synthetics with slow-release, natural-based ingredients to promote growth and strong roots in indoor & outdoor plants.



 




























 






pennington /


all products /


gardening /


lilly miller /


















 























clear all






                        form
                    




granule (11)



liquid (1)






                        plant name
                    




azalea (1)



blooming plants (4)



blueberries (2)



bone meal (2)



bulbs blooming flowers (4)



camellia (1)



citrus avocados (3)



edibles (2)



hibiscus (6)



lawn and garden (7)



palm trees (2)



rhododendrons (1)



roses and flowers (4)



shrubs (2)



tomato and vegetables (4)



trees (4)



tropical plants (1)






                        lawn type
                    




all lawns (4)











lilly miller
  
       mineral supplements to create the best growing conditions for your plants and lawn.

 



11 products found

 











lilly miller garden gypsum

easy to apply garden gypsum loosens heavy clay soils and promotes drainage, and corrects salty alkaline soils.












lilly miller ammonium sulfate 21-0-0

fast-acting source of nitrogen for lawns, gardens, shrubs, and trees.












lilly miller super sweet lime

fast-acting granular lime reduces soil acidity












lilly miller all purpose planting & growing food 10-10-10

fortified with essential plant minerals, this slow-release fertilizer provides lush, steady growth












lilly miller bone meal 6-12-0

naturally rich in nitrogen and phosphorus, this traditional plant food is made for bulbs.












lilly miller bulb & bloom food 4-10-10

slow-release feeding and packed with phosphorus and potassium for bright, vigorous blooms.












lilly miller citrus & avocado 10-6-4

formulated for lush trees and delicious fruit and fortified with essential plant minerals.












lilly miller lawn & garden 16-16-16

this fertilizer is a traditional, multipurpose blend with concentrated, fast-acting ingredients.









load more

































































 



















 










©2023 pennington seed, inc. all trademarks are either property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and/or related companies, or property of their respective owners.        









privacy policy 

terms of use 







 






 

