



























umb home - the university of maryland, baltimore





  

 





































 




















skip to navigation
skip to content



















myumb
directory
covid-19
emergency
the elm
calendar
blackboard
surfs
umb shuttle













university of maryland, baltimore 














about umb  




about umb   history, highlights, administration, news, fast facts



offices

accountability and compliance
administration and finance
center for information technology services
communications and public affairs
community and civic engagement
equity, diversity, and inclusion
external relations
government affairs
philanthropy
office of the president
office of the provost
research and development
university counsel


university leadership

office of the president
administrative officers
deans
boards of visitors
faculty senate
staff senate
university counsel

core values


umb experts guide


umb: an age-friendly university


umb cure scholars program



president’s councils and initiatives

center for health and homeland security
council for the arts & culture
interprofessional education
leaders in education: academy of presidential scholars
middle states self-study
president's symposium and white paper project
umbrella


umb news

umb in the news
for the media

policies and procedures

library
index

middle states


emergency

umb police and public safety

sustainability



president’s signature events

graduation 2025
founders week
umb holiday craft fair

umb fast facts


welcome to baltimore


other usm schools


mpowering the state
campus maps
museums




academics 




academics   schools, policies, registration, educational technology



schools and programs

school of dentistry
school of graduate studies
carey school of law
school of medicine
school of nursing
school of pharmacy
school of social work


umb program explorer


academic calendar


academic affairs policies and procedures


academy of lifelong learning






libraries

health sciences and human services library
thurgood marshall law library














surfs


blackboard















admissions




admissions   admissions at umb are managed by individual schools. 



admissions by school

school of dentistry admissions
school of graduate studies admissions
carey school of law admissions
school of medicine admissions
school of nursing admissions
school of pharmacy admissions
school of social work admissions


student financial services

tuition and fees
student insurance


office of the registrar

academic calendar


financial aid



military and veterans






research






research   offices, contracts, investigators, umb research profile



umb research profile

organized research centers and institutes
umb institute for clinical & translational research


services for investigators

sponsored programs administration
sponsored projects accounting and compliance (spac)
kuali research
clinical trials and corporate contracts
cicero log-in
conflict of interest
human research protections
environmental health and safety
export compliance
effort reporting
research policies and procedures


resources for investigators

center for innovative biomedical resources
baltimore life science discovery accelerator (um-bild)
find funding
file an invention disclosure
global learning for health equity network
manage your grant
research computing
research policies and procedures
umb ictr
cacpr
umb cares
center for violence prevention


offices and contacts

office of research and development
center for clinical trials and corporate contracts
sponsored programs administration
technology transfer/um ventures
um biopark
contact research and development
accountability and compliance





services




services   for students, faculty, and staff, international and on-campus



student services

student health resources
student insurance
educational support and disability services
writing center
urecfit and wellness
bookstore
intercultural leadership and engagement
one card
student counseling center
umb scholars for recovery
umb student affairs


faculty and staff services

human resource services
travel services
strategic sourcing and acquisition services
office of the controller
office of the ombuds 
employee assistance program (eap)
workplace mediation service
faculty center for teaching and learning


international services

umb travel: start here
global hub
international students, scholars, and employees
center for global engagement
international travel sos
international operations


campus services

emergency
umb police and public safety
parking and transportation services
umb shuttle
communications and public affairs
center for information technology services
smc campus center event services
environmental health and safety
donaldson brown riverfront event center
all-gender bathrooms
environmental services
interprofessional program for academic community engagement


visitor services






university life




university life   alerts, housing, dining, calendar, libraries, and recreation



smc campus center


umb student affairs












emergency

umb alerts
emergency reference guide

news

umb news
the elm
campus life weekly with usga

the elm calendar









student organizations

starting a new universitywide organization
university student government association 

housing

explore
visit
apply











dining options


libraries

health sciences and human services library
thurgood marshall law library

museums


arts and culture


rooms available on campus



urecfit and wellness

planned closures
membership
facilities
fitness
aquatics
intramural sports
safety education
about urecfit and wellness














one card

how to get your one card
my account
one card uses
lost one card
one card policies
photo services
one card forms
one card faqs
office hours and directions





give to umb




give to umb   sustain excellence and meet umb's educational needs for today and tomorrow.










thank you for your gift to umb
the university of maryland, baltimore (umb) is excited to share its new online giving page.
with enhanced searchability, a streamlined checkout process, and new ways to give such as venmo, paypal, apple pay, and google pay in addition to credit card, donors can support umb quickly and securely.
donate



give now

why give?
ways to give
where to give
staying connected: you and umb
the umb foundation
office of philanthropy
maryland charity campaign















































featured










exploring presidential power and its constitutional boundaries
umb president bruce e. jarrell and three maryland carey law experts will discuss the origins, scope, and limits of executive authority in a “virtual face to face” online program feb. 25.














featured










baltimore’s racial wealth gap is ‘dramatic’
mlk celebration keynote speaker says economic disparity, founded in slavery, largely remains unchanged.














featured










seeing is believing … and understanding
with breakthrough virtual reality technology, weeks of course material come together in minutes for physician assistant students.














featured










4mlk: ‘for everyone’
baltimore's newest life-science center opens as a hub of community engagement, research, and entrepreneurship.














featured










‘from courtside to the boardroom: tamika tremaglio’s vision for sports’
tamika tremaglio, jd ’95, mba, joins ‘the umb pulse’ to share her journey from deloitte to leading the national basketball players association to founding ta sports ventures, offering insights on sports, leadership, and giving back.






















umb news
future students
current students
researchers & entrepreneurs
alumni
partners
faculty & staff
 




perceptions of american interracial, interethnic couples
february 13, 2025

















building on king's economic legacy
february 12, 2025

















trial aims to improve hip replacement outcomes 
february 12, 2025

















a new reality for physician assistant students
january 31, 2025














visit the newsroom


future students


umb is committed to interdisciplinary education.
among our school of graduate studies and six professional schools, we offer incoming students a vast array of curriculum options to realize their life goals. experts in admissions, housing, campus life, and financial aid are waiting to welcome you.




admissions
housing
financial aid
office of equity, diversity, and inclusion




university life
schools
get to know baltimore





current students


having a wealth of hands-on preceptor programs at umb allows future physicians, nurses, lawyers, social workers, pharmacists, dentists, and allied health professionals to get a true feel for their chosen profession before graduation — studying here and abroad.
an emphasis on interprofessional education also creates a healthy respect for their future colleagues.




housing
university student government association
university life
interprofessional education
student organizations
parking




blackboard
surfs
academic calendar
mobile umb app
office of equity, diversity, and inclusion





researchers and entrepreneurs


umb’s world-renowned research team attracts more than a half-billion dollars a year in external grants and contracts.
the 14-acre um biopark is home to a growing cluster of cutting-edge bioscience companies. um ventures, our joint technology commercialization effort with the university of maryland, college park, is accelerating the speed at which inventions move from bench to bedside.   



um ventures
biopark
faculty profiles
research centers and institutes
interprofessional education




partners


umb’s commitment to collaboration extends to interactions with its community and business partners.
the founding campus of the university system of maryland (usm), umb also is a proud partner of the usm system and its related activities, including mpowering the state, a structured alliance with the university of maryland, college park.



mpower
university system of maryland
umb news




alumni


alumni are essential to umb’s success.
whether you're mentoring students, taking continuing education classes, supporting fundraising efforts, or attending campus functions, the umb experience does not end with receiving your diploma.



give to umb
office of philanthropy
making your year-end gift
staying connected: you & umb
umb news




faculty and staff


shared governance is a priority at umb.
we believe in a shared responsibility among staff, faculty, administration, and students to promote a collaborative process whereby umb and the faculty, staff, and students have regular dialogue on important issues of concern to the parties. the common shared objective is to enhance the goals of the institution.
see the usm policy for specific examples.




myumb
jobs
faculty senate
staff senate
office of the ombuds




human resources
benefits
the elm
office of equity, diversity, and inclusion












you and umb
imagine what we will change together.
        
umb is a catalyst, promoting justice, improving health, and serving the public good of maryland and the region. now, more than ever, we seek your support to continue this legacy. discover where to give, ways to give, and check out our online giving page.










upcoming events




all events
















new on the elm

                    founders week 2024: watch videos about the award winners
                    

the university of maryland, baltimore (umb) celebrated its 2024 founders week award winners during the awards recognition and reception event oct. 17 at m&t bank exchange. the awardees took their turns in the spotlight on stage with umb president bruce e. jarrell, md, facs, but first a video about each honoree was shown to the crowd.



























“i was able to learn that helping people can come in a lot of different forms. ... umb has more than equipped me to be grateful for my everyday work and to be prepared.”
the university of maryland, baltimore (umb) is maryland's public health, law, and human services university. six professional schools and the interdisciplinary graduate school confer the majority of health care, human services, and law professional degrees in maryland each year.
umb: creating leaders who make a difference
learn more about umb and explore our programs.






the university of maryland, baltimore is the founding campus of the university system of maryland.  620 w. lexington st., baltimore, md 21201 | 410-706-3100 ©  2024-2025 university of maryland, baltimore. all rights reserved. 



back to top





facilities work request
it help desk
jobs
parking & transportation
umb housing
urecfit and wellness




the university of maryland, baltimore is the founding campus of the university system of maryland.
620 w. lexington st., baltimore, md 21201 | 410-706-3100
the university of maryland, baltimore prohibits sex discrimination in any education program or activity that it operates. individuals may report concerns or questions to the title ix coordinator. read the umb notice of non-discrimination.






























© 2024-2025 university of maryland, baltimore. all rights reserved.

site map
privacy
web accessibility
web feedback
non-discrimination
core values








 














