























 


gardening.usask.ca - gardening at usask - college of agriculture and bioresources | university of saskatchewan








skip to main content
skip to navigation





college of agriculture and bioresources



gardening at usask
menu












public workshops & events



                            public webinars, workshops and events                        



                            learn at your own pace, online                        



                            hort week                        



                            your instructors                        



                            frequently asked questions                        




certificates & degrees



                            master gardener certificate                        



                            manitoba master gardener certificate                        



                            prairie horticulture certificate (phc)                        



                            bsa in horticulture science                        




get involved



                            volunteer                        



                            gardening organizations                        



                            share your photos                        



                            social media                        




gardening advice


sorted by plant


                            growing food                        



                            annuals and perennials                        



                            trees and shrubs                        



                            lawns and alternatives                        



                            common weeds                        




                            outdoor growing                        



                            soils, compost and mulch                        



                            no till gardening                        



                            biodiversity: pets, pollinators and more                        



                            problems in the garden                        



                            preparing and preserving produce                        



                            food is too expensive!                        



                            why do you garden? beyond food & flowers                        



                            other useful resources                        



                            videos                         



                            rooted in community                        



                            need help? find it fast                        




campus gardens



                            university of saskatchewan horticultural tour                        



                            weddings, photography & events on campus                        



                            landscaping at the u of s - a storied history                        



                            patterson garden arboretum                        



                            agbio rooftop garden                        



                            garden park at innovation place                        



                            community gardens at the u of s                        



                            palliser garden                        



                            centennial garden video                        



                            campus sustainability tour                        



                            managing campus sustainably                        



                            usask campus gems                        





                            who are we?                        





help us grow!













welcome!
gardening at usask offers pesticide-free growing advice online, free and low-cost public workshops and events, and ample ways to connect with local gardeners and gardening communities. we aim to serve the people of the canadian prairies and northern canada so all of our information is proven to work, right here. we realize that gardening is about more than fruits and flowers - it's about your health, your community, and building a relationship with your environment. all of our advice is free.

 







online workshops and events






learn at your own pace classes






timely advice on facebook




 



gardening advice


how to use this site


special situation


sorted by plant


general advice and how-to's


problem solving





this is a big site so we've tried to make it easy to find things. look immediately above these lines for the tabs labeled special situation, sorted by plant, general advice and how-to's, etc. when you click on a tab you'll find popular pages from our gardening advice section on our site. from any page on this site you can click on the gardening advice section in the menu for the full list.
we've also included a site search tool below.


 
search gardening

search
 
            search gardening at usask        






new gardener
gardening in the far north
why do you garden? beyond fruits and flowers






growing food
annuals and perennials
trees and shrubs
lawns and alternatives
weeds
houseplants






outdoor growing
design and layout of your yard and garden
soils, mulch and compost






problems in the garden
pests, pets and pollinators
insects
diseases and disorders
weeds




 



you can help us grow

gardening at usask is free public resource that includes this comprehensive website, a very active facebook page, a youtube channel, selected free classes year-round, public speaking engagements, and a gardenline support person to personally help you during the growing season. we are a not-for-profit but also a cost recovery program. we support our year round free education primarily through our public workshop series of live webinars and on-demand classes, our master gardener certification course, and various contract work. if you woud like to help us to help people grow, please consider volunteering or donating.
 

support our program
volunteer


 
 




was this page helpful?
yes
no








what could make this page better?

thank you for helping us make the university website better. your comment will be forwarded to the editor of this page. please note that this form is not intended to provide customer service. if you need assistance, please contact us directly.


send feedback
dismiss





 
need help? find it fast

live workshops and events


at your own pace workshops




 follow on facebook


 follow on youtube


  follow on instagram






be what the world needs
the campaign for the university of saskatchewan

together, we are addressing the world's greatest challenges. join our ambitious vision for the future.







the university of saskatchewan's main campus is situated on treaty 6 territory and the homeland of the métis.

© university of saskatchewandisclaimer | privacy | accessibility




