





florida family child care home association – a united voice on behalf of all children to promote and encourage quality professional family child care in florida.















































 

 





skip to content








(954) 581-1192|info@familychildcare.org 

online registrationscheckoutmy account remember meregistercart 



 
















search for:



















homeabout us mission & leadershiphistoryarea reps & chapter associationsjoin our teamresources for providersfor parentswhat is a mentor?publicationslinksformsevents annual conferencesupport usespañolcontact us






search for:











 






loading...







advocating for quality
early care and learning 



  













building positive public
awareness of the advantages
of high quality family child care 



  



















florida family child care home associationkat2025-01-28t14:25:09-05:00 
for providersffccha promotes professional growth by hosting annual conferences, meetings & more
learn morefor parentsfamily child care has unique qualities that make it the preferred arrangement of many parents
learn morefor mentorsffccha is committed to mentoring the next generation of family home child care providers
learn morewhat is family child care?family child care is “home-away-from-home” personalized professional early learning/education and care.    
family child care providers are essential to all workers!
join us…
february 1, 2025 (sat) ffccha virtual training and full board meeting, register online 
april 26, 2025 ffccha in-person training and full board meeting in orlando, reserve  hotel by march 25 – link for ffccha group rate
june 25-29, 2025 in clearwater for more info: visit event page
family child care is family friendly care that is a home-based service where child care is provided in the caregiver’s home. the home must be licensed or registered according to county and state laws.
family child care is the most preferred type of care for young children, especially infants and toddlers.  many family child care homes also provide high quality programs for preschoolers, voluntary pre-kindergarten program (vpk), school age and children with special needs. some homes offer the early head start program for infants to three years.  there are many benefits of a mixed age group setting for the child.
if you are thinking about caring for children in your own home in florida, please take a new online course, opening a family child care home program for an overview.
may 9, 2025 is national provider appreciation day provider day letter to parents spanish letter from the ffccha president
who we areffccha is a statewide non-profit 501(c)(3) professional organization. membership is open to all regulated family child care providers, parents, and advocates of quality care. join or renew ffccha online now!
we promote professional growth by hosting an annual statewide conference, hold quarterly meetings with training sessions, and publish a newsletter.
some of the training, conference workshops, and publications are also available in spanish.
 
upcoming events 
apply for accreditation scholarships – funds available!december 7, 2024 - june 1, 2025 
call for conference workshop proposalsfebruary 1 - february 25 
parent choice awards – parents, please nominate your fcc provider! deadlinemarch 10 
outstanding accredited provider nominations deadlinemarch 20all eventswhat we do
we mentor current and future providers

we promote growth by hosting an annual conference

we hold quarterly meetings with training sessions

we publish a quarterly newsletter and other publications

we offer scholarships for our members for professional development and accreditation opportunities

we help to grow new leaders in the family child care profession and host an annual leadership summit
what we don’t do
we don’t provide child care referral services. however, the  florida department of children and families has a provider search tool you can use to find regulated family child care providers.

we don’t govern child care providers, however, all family child care home providers must be licensed or registered according to county and state laws in order to maintain a membership with the ffccha.
be a part of the solutioncontact us today to see how you
can become an ffccha provider!
learn more



 
 





navigationpublications
links
annual conference
support us
 

quick linksfor providers
for parents
what is a mentor?
events
español
 

account toolsview orders
reset password
legal stuffprivacy policy / terms & conditions
disclosure requirements
 

contact usaddress:
9207 edgemont lane
boca raton, fl. 33434
phone:
(954) 581-1192
email:
info@familychildcare.org
 

 
 
 





copyright 2017 florida family child care home association | all rights reserved
site design by: mvp web design 


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 
 

























go to top




