







































yale school of management | educating leaders for business and society




























      skip to main content
    














search yale school of management






menu

















 degree programs







mba

two-year program for leaders in all industries.



mba for executives

rigorous executive mba for accomplished professionals.



master of advanced management

mba graduates of top business schools around the world spend a year at yale.



master's in asset management

intensive introduction to investing with leading faculty and practitioners.



master's in global business & society

a year of advanced leadership training for mim graduates of top business schools around the world



master's in public education management

one-year program for leaders in urban public school systems.



master's in systemic risk

specialized program for developing leaders in government agencies that manage systemic risk.



master’s in technology management

one-year business & leadership program designed exclusively for yale college engineering students



joint degrees

environment, global affairs, medicine, law, public health, engineering, architecture, drama, divinity, phd, and asset management



silver scholars for college seniors

opportunity for college seniors to immediately pursue a yale mba.



doctoral programs

accounting, financial economics, marketing, operations, and organizations and management

















the som experience














 centers & initiatives







the broad center

transformative leadership for public education



yale center for customer insights

advancing the frontiers of consumer understanding



international center for finance

support for research in financial economics



program on entrepreneurship

creating entrepreneurs for business & society



program on social enterprise, innovation, and impact

harnessing business skills and markets for social objectives



program on financial stability

improving our understanding and management of systemic risk



swensen asset management institute

furthering the study and practice of asset management



center for business and the environment




accelerating the transition to a just and thriving world



chief executive leadership institute

the world’s first school for ceos



program on stakeholder innovation and management

advancing stakeholder research, education, and practice to benefit business and society



thurman arnold project

research related to competition and antitrust enforcement



meng impact investment fund

investing in ventures solving society’s biggest challenges



yale center beijing




developing leaders from all regions of the globe



china india insights program

delivering new thinking on china, india, and emerging markets



initiative on leadership and organization

multidisciplinary understanding of leadership and organizations



som lab

an interdepartmental behavioral lab



y-rise research initiative on innovation & scale




developing the science behind scaling up policy interventions

















faculty & research














 executive education







executive education

enhance your leadership and management skills



digital programs

cutting-edge faculty insights available through the latest online learning tools



for individuals

find the right program for your leadership journey



for companies

top-quality training designed for the needs of your organization



participant information

your questions answered



fellowship for public education leadership

fellowship for public education leadership



collaborator programs

executive education collaborator programs



veterans benefits

yale som is proud to support funding opportunities for military professionals



about us

how we teach



community 

discover a community of lifelong learners



contact

contact executive education

















alumni














about
















main navigation - extra




myportal







giving




career development







yale insights




















    animation description: the words
    management
    and
    mission
    independently slide in around a large ampersand.
  

management
mission





























management & mission
daniel weiss ’85, an art historian and the former president and ceo of the metropolitan museum of art, discusses the complexities of advancing the museum’s artistic mission while maintaining its financial sustainability.






















our mission is to educate leaders for business & society. the drive to build successful organizations that make a difference inspires our curriculum, our approach to research, and our community.








we seek students who care deeply about the problems afflicting our world. 
we equip them with the knowledge, the resources, and the networks to pursue positive and ambitious change.








academic programs






executive education



















            our community
      



















                from stochastic calculus to david swensen’s legacy: my journey in investment management at yale som
    
      

aishwarya solanki ’25 reflects on her time studying with finance industry pioneers and crafting private equity proposals as a joint-degree student in som’s mba and asset management programs.










			february 6, 2025
		

			master’s degree in asset management
		























                student team creates ai policy recommendations for connecticut state government
    
      

at the behest of connecticut governor ned lamont ’80, a team from som’s chief executive leadership institute researched and proposed guidelines to shape the state’s responsible use of ai technology.










			february 14, 2025
		

			chief executive leadership institute
		





















                tung pham ’25
    
      



			february 11, 2025
		

			post-som position: corporate strategy, ibm
		


















                prof. k. sudhir wins american marketing association award for research on ai hiring practices
    
      

in a 2024 paper published in the journal marketing science, sudhir and three collaborators found that ai can effectively identify good candidates for sales roles while reducing recruiting costs for businesses.










			february 10, 2025
		









 











      caroline tanbee smith ’25 joined the new haven board of alders in 2024. she told us how a typical day unfolds as she balances classes, extracurriculars, and public service.
          







building on the evidence of disparities in clinical trial diversity, my project used business school concepts to create organizational change that would better embed health equity within clinical trial networks. my goal was to begin the strategic planning necessary to standardize equity frameworks across my organization.



      amaziah coleman ’24,
  
  


          reflecting on her capstone project for the pozen-commonwealth fund fellowship in health equity leadership
        



















                recruiting journeys | finance: rachel rogers ’24, evercore
    
      

rachel rogers ’24 completed a summer internship with the investment bank during her first year and returned full-time after graduation.










			february 5, 2025
		

			recruiting journeys
		


















                introducing anita sharif-hyder, dean of students and assistant dean of academic affairs and student life
    
      



			february 4, 2025
		








more headlines














at yale, we learn directly from best-in-class professors, regulators, and industry experts, all of whom bring firsthand experience in policymaking during financial crises. learning how banks conduct macroprudential policy, and what tools and regulatory measures are being applied, gives me evidence-based insights to bring back to my own team.



      victoria manuel ’25
  
  


          master’s degree in systemic risk
        





















more profiles














            our faculty
      



our faculty are dedicated scholars who never shy from taking on the biggest and most complex problems facing our world.
















what investors are missing about pfizer and merck



jeffrey a. sonnenfeldsteven tian


february 10, 2025
















how college presidents respond to critiques of higher ed



february 7, 2025
















the right approach to state regulation of ai



jeffrey a. sonnenfeldstephen henriques


february 4, 2025
















a partisan mismatch with state government means higher borrowing costs for cities‌‌



anya nakhmurina


january 31, 2025
















ai photo analysis illuminates how personality traits predict career trajectories‌



kelly shue


january 30, 2025








previous item




next item








see more insights






















instagram







linkedin







facebook







youtube







threads





yale school of management
          edward p. evans hall
          165 whitney avenue
          new haven, ct 06511-3729
        


apply now




get yale som news






footer navigation




business & society




programs




case studies




giving




contact








som directory







alumni directory







campus groups







recruiters







yale insights







the global network












      site map
  
  



      terms of use
  
  



      privacy policy
  
      








      accessibility
  
      








        © copyright 2025 yale school of management. all rights reserved.
      


























































