








































the university of texas system home | the university of texas system

















      skip to main content
    









employee resources






search terms




search icon














the university of texas system





toggle navigation








about


news


institutions


regents


leadership


offices





 















the university of texas system home




































#utregentsmeet: ut system board of regents february meeting



learn more























 






ut system chancellor names uthealth houston interim president















 






new report shows sfa’s impact on nacogdoches economy















 






ut dallas presidential search
























latest news





ut system chancellor names interim president for ut health science center at houstonfebruary 14
chancellor j.b. milliken has appointed latanya love, m.d., as interim president of ut health science center at houston (uthealth houston), effective march 1, 2025. she currently serves as uthealth houston’s dean of education at the mcgovern medical school and executive vice president of student and university affairs.




ut system board of regents to launch search for new president of ut health science center houstonfebruary 13
ut system board of regents chairman kevin p. eltife has appointed a presidential search advisory committee to support the regents and chancellor on selecting the next president of uthealth houston.




taylor eighmy named acting president of ut health san antoniojanuary 23
chancellor james b. milliken today announced the appointment of taylor eighmy, phd, as acting president of the university of texas health science center at san antonio (ut health san antonio), effective february 1, 2025. dr. eighmy will concurrently continue serving as president of the university of texas at san antonio (utsa).




statement on ut austin president jay hartzell from regents chairman kevin p. eltife and chancellor millikenjanuary 7
we congratulate ut austin president jay hartzell on being named the new president of southern methodist university.  we greatly appreciate his service as ut austin’s president since 2020 and on its faculty since 2001.  his last day on the forty acres will be may 31.




ut system board of regents launches national search for next president of ut dallas; offers opportunity for input november 25
the university of texas (ut) system board of regents chairman kevin p. eltife recently announced the appointment of a search advisory committee to support the regents and chancellor on selecting the next president of the university of texas at dallas (utd). 




ut system regents greatly expand affordability and access to texans through 'promise plus' programnovember 20
today, the university of texas system board of regents’ academic affairs committee gave preliminary approval to provide ut undergraduates attending any of its nine academic institutions, whose families have an adjusted gross income (agi) of $100,000 or less, with tuition free education, beginning next fall.




ut system regents honor 12 faculty members for exceptional teaching performance october 11
the university of texas system board of regents today announced 12 recipients of the 2024 regents outstanding teaching awards. the honorees – faculty from ut academic and health institutions – were selected for demonstrating extraordinary classroom performance and innovative teaching.




how the ut system is supporting laredo's workforce, economy and futureseptember 30
south texas is a significant foundation in texas’ economic vitality, and nowhere is that more evident than in laredo — the busiest port in the united states. as our nation strengthens trade ties with mexico and south america, laredo is experiencing unprecedented economic development and population growth, presenting a wealth of opportunities for its residents and the region at large.




visit the newsroom












texas credentials for the future 






 





texas credentials for the future helps students distinguish their education and talent with in-demand, industry-recognized skills.












promise+






 





ut system ‘promise’ helps undergraduate students at ut institutions pay for college.












chancellor's council executive committee






 





the chancellor's council executive committee is a group of dedicated supporters and friends of the university of texas system.












smartbook






 





the ut system smartbook ​​provides an annual overview of key enrollment, staffing, finance, research and other data for all ut institutions.











 


  

 

 

 

 



previousnext









          connect with us
        



ut system on twitter
ut system on facebook
ut system on instagram
ut system on linkedin














 


ut system links and contact information






          academic institutions
        


ut arlington


ut austin


ut dallas


ut el paso


ut permian basin


ut rio grande valley


ut san antonio


stephen f. austin


ut tyler







          health institutions
        


ut southwestern


utmb galveston


uthealth houston


ut health san antonio


ut md anderson







          ut system
        


about


smartbook


office of the chancellor


board of regents


leadership


offices


directory


ut4u


outlook web access







          info center
        


policy library


regents' rules & regulations


reports to the state


audit reports


privacy statement


linking notice


copyright


accessibility


open records







          resources
        


careers


document library


seekut


ut system dashboard


contact ut system







          state links
        


state of texas


fraud reporting


texas homeland security


texas veterans portal


statewide search









the university of texas system






ut system on twitter
ut system on facebook
ut system on instagram
ut system on linkedin







© 2025 the university of texas system. 210 west 7th street, austin, texas 78701-2982. (512) 499-4200













the university of texas system



              menu
            
×





about


news


institutions


regents


leadership


offices






employee resources






 










































