








home - whitko community schools





























































































 








skip to content






enroll/registeremployment opportunitiesathletics calendar



					welcome to whitko community schools!
				
















homedistrict

central office communications corporation reports & publications employment mission & vision school board school performance reports staff directory staff resources
schools

whitko early learning academy – little cats homeschool pathway pierceton elementary school south whitley elementary school whitko career academy whitko jr/sr high school
departments

admissions athletics food services guidance health & wellness human resources special services technology transportation whitko school libraries
parent/student links

bullying and cyberbullying resources bullying incident reporting covid-19 policy driver education google classroom lunch menus make a payment mckinney-vento homeless assistance act parentsquare powerschool login school supply list shuttle bus student handbooks volunteer
community

after school central whitko alumni association
calendarsnewscontact





menu
close

















home
district

central office
communications
corporation reports & publications
employment
mission & vision
school board
school performance reports
staff directory
staff resources


schools

whitko early learning academy – little cats
homeschool pathway
pierceton elementary school
south whitley elementary school
whitko career academy
whitko jr/sr high school


departments

admissions
athletics
food services
guidance
health & wellness
human resources
special services
technology
transportation
whitko school libraries


parent/student links

bullying and cyberbullying resources
bullying incident reporting
covid-19 policy
driver education
google classroom
lunch menus
make a payment
mckinney-vento homeless assistance act
parentsquare
powerschool login
school supply list
shuttle bus
student handbooks
volunteer


community

after school central
whitko alumni association


calendars
news
contact
enroll/register
employment opportunities
athletics calendar





 
































 





















welcome to whitko 


















						at whitko we value our students and their families, our staff, and the communities that we call home. that's why we are committed to excellence in everything we do while providing you with multiple educational opportunities in a small school atmosphere. that's the whitko advantage.					

						- dr. amy korus, superintendent					


						contact us					























latest news 






view all news





























				notice of executive session			



			february 14, 2025		


the whitko board of school trustees will hold an executive session at 4:30 p.m., wednesday, february 19, 2025, to discuss personnel matters, under 5-14-1.5-6.1 (6). the meeting is in the whitko career academy tap room, 710 n sr 5, larwill.


			read more »		






				school closed, february 13, 2025			



			february 12, 2025		


whitko community schools are closed february 13, 2025, due to icy road conditions. we apologize for the inconvenience. this is a snow day. stay safe out there wildcats!


			read more »		









				band members advance to state contest			



			february 12, 2025		


whitko band students competed at the indiana state school music association (issma) district solo & ensemble contest saturday, february 8, 2025, held at east noble high school. the students received 17 gold ratings and 6 silver ratings. in addition, six


			read more »		











videos 



 



get to know dr. korus, superintendent of whitko community schools, as she is interviewed by whitko wire staff member serenity perkins. 










 












our schools 











from pre-k to post-secondary education, our schools have a lot to offer! discover more about each of our schools by choosing a link below. 
















 




whitko jr/sr high school 








 




whitko career academy 








 




pierceton elementary school 








 




south whitley elementary school 








 




whitko homeschool pathway 








 




whitko early learning academy 






























student opportunities 




































								academics							







							start college as a sophomore with dual credit classes, ap courses, and local college partnerships or explore a career and earn advanced technical skills, credentials and certifications.						

							explore your options						






















								activities, clubs & the arts							







							get involved in student council, an academic team, ffa, or be a part of our award winning fine arts program. join choir or band. why choose just one? a host of opportunities await you!						

							learn more						






















								athletics							







							at whitko, you'll find that your student is a valued member on our athletic teams and we encourage our student athletes to strive for excellence in academics, athletics, the community, and more. join a team and go wildcats!						

							view teams, schedules & announcements						






















								technology							







							experience state-of-the-art technology in the classroom, 1:1 devices for all students, and built in e-learning for a smooth transition from school to home.						

							learn more						














 












our team 




























 

 

 














the administration, teachers, and staff at whitko are making an impact on their students and colleagues. reach out to your student’s teacher or apply to join our team! 














staff directory














join our team!






























why we stand out 

























 







 





ap & dual credit 



students earn college credits – saving time and money – through the ap and dual credit courses offered at the high school and career academy. 









 





student to teacher ratio 



with a student to teacher ratio of 14:1, students benefit from increased staff interaction and academic assistance. 









 





1:1 technology 



1:1 technology is provided to students at all grade levels, increasing interactivity and offering additional tools and resources. 











why i choose whitko 


























						"at pes, the positivity and encouragement begins at morning drop off. my appreciation goes out to all the teachers, teacher’s assistants, cafeteria staff and principal for showing love and care while our kids are away from home. they also end their day with encouraging words as they close the door at pick up. love our small town school!"					


pierceton elementary school parent 






						"the academy has helped me have a better idea of what i want my future career to be. you get to experience and see hands-on what the agriculture field is truly about and i've gotten to do things that i never imagined i would get to do at school. thanks to the whitko community that made the academy possible i've developed stronger leadership skills, challenged myself more, and discovered new things i'm interested in."					


whitko career academy student 






						"south whitley elementary is a great school because we have very nice teachers and they do great at teaching. i love going to south whitley elementary school! i love being a bulldog!"					


south whitley elementary school student 






						"five years ago we transferred our son to whitko, and i have to say it was the best thing we could have ever done. all the students and staff made him feel very welcomed. i am truly glad we made the move for our son, we will now forever be  a wildcat family!" 					


whitko jr/sr high school parent 






						"when looking for a preschool program for my son it was important that the school offered the emotional support, lessons and play that i would offer in my own home. i found that and more with little cats early learning center." 					


little cats early learning center parent 





 previous


 next
















it's time for your child to experience the whitko advantage 






















ask a question














request a tour














enroll today
























contact uswhitko central office710 n st rd 5, larwill in 46764phone:260-327-3677fax:260-327-3238website:whitko.org

 

our locationscentral officewhitko jr/sr high schoolwhitko career academypierceton elementary schoolsouth whitley elementary schoolwhitko early learning academy - little cats 

follow whitko community schools

opens in a new tabopens in a new tab 
 

linksprivacy policyopens in a new tabsite mapopens in a new tabtranslation/traduciropens in a new tabsearch

 





				copyright 2025 - whitko community schools			

















