






home























perma-flex mold company, inc.
manufacturer and distriutor of quality mold making and
      casting materials











home
about perma-flex
contact us & directions
advice sheet copy
industry links
mold making materials
perma-flex products




proudly selling


















the perma-flex
        mold company, inc.
        


thank you for
        your interest in the perma-flex mold company, inc. since
        1944, perma-flex mold has supplied the mold making and
        casting industries and we would like to take this
        opportunity to introduce you to perma-flex and hope that
        you will consider perma-flex for your mold making material,
        casting material and release material supplier.
        
perma-flex is a
        formulator and a distributor of rubber mold materials for
        mold development. we are also a third-generation, family
        run business. third generation is important because it
        means that you will get the expertise and experience of a
        long-running operation. family-run translates to ethics,
        integrity, flexibility and impeccable customer service. it
        also means that if you have a special need or concern, a
        problem, or even a suggestion, all you do is pick up the
        phone can call, ask for bob, he is the president.
        

        we have rubber mold systems, such as all of the current
        synthetic rubber systems to include polyurethanes,
        polysulfides and rtv silicones. as no one product is best,
        its nice to know alternatives are available.
         
many factors must
        be evaluated when selecting a mold material plus keeping up
        to date on new materials and techniques. rather than having
        a limited selection as with other suppliers, we offer and
        can discuss with you the advantages and limitations of all
        system and then very specific materials so that you obtain
        the maximum advantage from the mold. most often, when
        limits are not known and observed, problems follow and we
        are good at solving problems.
        
        our purpose today and in the future is to offer assistance
        to you in this selection process, use and application.
        perma-flex began in 1948 as a mold company but quickly
        recognized better materials were required. we would like to
        add you to our list of happy customers, but for us to
        continue, you must be satisfied. although we have systems
        available, if they do not provide to you a benefit or
        improve current operations, we will be frank in our
        recommendations to you. perhaps in the future, we may earn
        your business or in an application where a special material
        is required.
        
the selection of
        the rubber mold material must be matched to the application
        and if we have a poor match, the mold will provide marginal
        service. better alternatives may be and are often
        available. therefore, the mold application must be matched
        from start to end less your valuable time is lost. this is
        one service we provide to our customers, our experience and
        expertise in materials and methods. being realistic, when a
        mold fails or does not perform to its maximum, the cost to
        you is labor.
        

        give us a try, and experience why we have earned a
        reputation for high quality, dependable service and prompt
        delivery.
        

        where we may be of assistance, please feel free to
contact us.
        





â© 2008 perma-flex mold contact perma-flex



home > 








