














publicdata.com home | public records

















publicdata.com








demo 


pricing 


register

register an individual account
register a corporate account



additional information

about
contact

terms and
                                    conditions
policies and
                                    positions
faqs












welcome to publicdata.com




log in 



  
                    



sign
                        in


                       

                      password?



new to publicdata?
try our demo.
                    see our pricing plans.
                
sign up
individual
                        plans
corporate
                        plans














publicdata.com is the number one resource for public records from local, state, and federal agencies.
                    since its creation on september 1, 1997, publicdata.com has been an industry leader in affordable
                    access to public records. through the constant addition of new databases, a user friendly website,
                    and top-notch customer support, publicdata.com strives to provide you with a quality experience and
                    give you what you want to know when you need to know it. we remain dedicated to the idea that all
                    citizens of our free society should have access to all of the records that government collects* and
                    will continue to offer you what you want and need.
*publicdata.com does not provide information critical to national security and information
                        involved in ongoing criminal investigation.publicdata.com gathers and presents data from
                        various government entities (directly and indirectly) and is in no way subsidized by any
                        government.





updates at publicdata.com
advanced search is finally here! have you ever had trouble finding a certain individual or business
                    name on publicdata.com because you didn't know the exact format used? have you ever needed to search
                    on multiple criteria, like name and address? advanced search was created to provide these
                    capabilities (and much more). enter as much information as you know, and records that match the most
                    information will be at the top of the search results list. advanced search allows publicdata.com
                    capabilities similar to popular search engines (i.e. google, yahoo, etc). it will take us some time
                    to convert the thousands of databases available on publicdata.com to the new format, but we will be
                    adding advanced search to more databases as rapidly as possible.

back to top





about publicdata.com
in 1776, a group of patriots placed king george on notice, with a declaration and list of unresolved
                    grievances, that a new nation with new ideas and ideals was born. one of these grievances stated
                    that the "king of great britain... has called together legislative bodies at places unusual,
                    uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public records, for the sole purpose of
                    fatiguing them into compliance with his measures." in short, the king had taken private ownership of
                    the public records for his benefit and manipulation.
                in the 1970's, a revolutionary attitude against the "establishment" existed and access to "open
                    government" was demanded by the public to re-establish trust. the result was adoption of "open
                    record acts", so called "sunshine laws", and the "freedom of information (foia)" laws in all states
                    and the federal government.
in 1997, the confluence of technology, the internet, and these founding ideals that the public record
                    is owned individually by the public rather than the government, combined to establish
                    publicdata.com.
today, we remain dedicated to the idea that all citizens of our free society should have access to
                    all of the records that government collects (except information critical to national security and
                    information involved in ongoing criminal investigation). to further this cause, we remain dedicated
                    to delivering the most accurate, lowest priced, and widest selection of real-time public records
                    access possible.
publicdata.com acquires all of its data from various government entities (directly and indirectly)
                    and is in no way subsidized by any government or taxpayer dollars.




back to top




about | policies and
                    positions | faqs | terms and conditions | contact
all information contained herein © copyright 1997-
                    2025 publicdata.com | questions? comments? feedback? e-mail us at: support@publicdata.com
use of information contained herein must be done in accordance with the agreed upon terms and
                    conditions.
                    viewing this page constitutes an agreement to mediate any disputes with publicdata.com in dallas
                    county texas usa.
                    please be aware that many us lawmakers have made certain access to public records illegal and it
                    is your responsibility to be aware of which public records you may view legally.
                    publicdata.com is not a consumer reporting agency and data provided by publicdata.com does not
                    constitute a "consumer report" as that term is defined in the fair credit reporting act (fcra), 15
                    u.s.c.a. sec 1681 et seq.
                


                ss-3            











