





host hawaii – hawaii ocean safety team







































skip to content
 


 

menu


meetings
our mission
resources

sops
archive of meeting minutes
advisory board
subcommittees
bylaws
links


contact












hawaii ocean safety team  host serves as the harbor safety committee for hawaii. our purpose is to enhance ocean safety by providing a forum for communication between government, industry, and the ocean-going public.
 contact us donate  








meeting info 




   
2024 advisory board meetings
oct 10,  2024  ,   dec 12, 2024 xmas party
14:00 (2pm)
in person at the waikiki yacht club, or zoom
email info@hosthawaii.org for zoom details.




   
next general membership meeting
all are welcome!
special event with guest speaker nathan grocholski lopez
september 26, 2024 @ 14:00 (2pm)
outrigger canoe club, 2909 kalakaua ave, honolulu
email info@hosthawaii.org for more details.






 

new and noteworthy 



scan if found sticker program

 

scan if found sticker program
pick up your free “scan if found” stickers today at pop, west marine, surf n sea, windward boats, and island divers schofield





basic freediving safety classes – freedivesafe! hawaii

 

basic freediving safety classes – freedivesafe! hawaii
follow this link for free basic freediving safety courses offered monthly across many of our islands.





biofouling best management practices for recreational boaters

 

biofouling best management practices for recreational boaters
preventing the introduction and spread of invasive aquatic species is a priority for the state of hawaii’s department of land and natural resources (dlnr). most often, invasive species are introduced …





lithium ion battery transportation in the maritime environment: risks and mitigation

 

lithium ion battery transportation in the maritime environment: risks and mitigation
presentation by greg jenkins of matson, industry leader in lithium ion battery transportation safety









our mission hawaii ocean safety team (host) serves as the harbor safety committee for hawaii. our purpose is to enhance ocean safety by providing a forum for communication between government, industry, and the public to reach non-regulatory solutions.

all members are able to bring safety issues before the host advisory board; general membership is open to the public.
 



what we do
host provides a forum to bring the interests of various groups together for open, honest communication. 
since its formation in 1998, host has tackled a number of issues to make hawaii’s waters safer and cleaner. for example, host has advocated for aids to navigation improvements, addressed pollution and garbage dumping on hawaii’s beaches, and helped resolve conflicts between commercial harbor users as well as recreational boaters, surfers and jet-skiers. an archive of previous host meeting minutes is maintained on this site. 
host develops and agrees upon safe operating practices (sops) when necessary to provide for effective and efficient operations and evolutions.
photo credit: susan yamamoto, maritime hawaii.



harbor safety committees
harbor safety committees (hscs) are local committees that address issues that may include the safety, security, mobility, and environmental protection of a port or waterway.  membership is typically comprised of representatives of governmental agencies, maritime labor and industry organizations, and public interest groups. these members work very closely together for the mutual benefit of all waterway users and stakeholders.
links to the websites of some of our fellow harbor safety committees can be found on the links page.
photo credit: susan yamamoto, maritime hawaii.







contact us 






host hawaii


2149 lauwiliwili st, suite 100, kapolei, hi 96707



(808) 497-0284



info@hosthawaii.org














								copyright © 2025 host hawaii – onepress theme by famethemes			















