



citizens gas fuel company | public utility | natural gas | adrian | michigan 















































  
  




    
menu 
home

about us
company history
contact


bill pay
info

forms
miss dig
cost reducing tips
energy assistance
gas safety
appliance repair
rate information


home smart

8 reasons
covered items
exclusions


faq

new service
meter reading
engineering
billing explanation
budget plan


 




 517-265-2144 









 
intro video sliderwelcome to citizens gas fuel company!
serving lenawee countysince 1856!


explore 
  





 
slide 1over 160 years in businesscitizens is a public utility engaged in the distribution and transmission of natural gas. citizens was organized in 1951, and with its predecessors, has been in business for more than 160 years.
michigan service providercitizens conducts all of its business in the state of michigan and its rates are set by the adrian gas rate commission. other various phases of its operations are subject to the jurisdiction of the michigan public service commission
0residential & commercial customersmore 







 
bill paybill paypay your bill onlinelearn how to pay your bill online with this quick tuitorial.
#billpayhome smarthome smart8 reasons to get home smartread more about the citizens gas fuel company home smart program.
#homesmartrate bookrate bookrate book 2023our guide to help you lear about our  rates, late payments and budget billing plan.
#ratebookmiss digmiss digmiss dig system ince-locate service makes it easy for you to request for public utility lines to be marked.
#missdig 



bill payhow to pay your bill on-linehome smart8 reasons to get smartrate bookask about budget billing discountmiss digsafely complete your digging project.




about us


citizens is a public utility engaged in the distribution and transmission of natural gas. citizens was organized in 1951, and with its predecessors, has been in business for more than 160 years. citizens serves approximately 18,000 residential, commercial, and industrial customers in and around adrian, michigan. citizens’ principal executive offices are located at 127 n. main street, adrian, michigan 49221. citizens conducts all of its business in the state of michigan and its rates are set by the adrian gas rate commission. other various phases of its operations are subject to the jurisdiction of the michigan public service commission.










127 n. main st

 
          
		  customer service call center.
drop box and phone service only.
monday - friday: 8am - 4:30pm
no walk-in customer service          
          



117 n. winter st

 
          
		  service repair center.
retail for parts and repair.
monday-friday: 8am - 4:30pm          
          



stay connected












© 2025 citizens gas fuel company.


site by wingman consulting












