







the bassoon brothers  





 












































 

menu
home
recordings

wanted – cd liner notes
captured – cd liner notes
escaped — cd liner notes
hell’s angels (american contrasts)
videos (caught in the act!)


publications
players

leon chodos
bonnie fillmore cox
mark eubanks
juan de gomar
steve harriswangler
evan kuhlmann
robert naglee


trivia

the top 10
jazz bassoonists
literature and lyrics
bassoon in soundtracks
bassoons seen in movies & tv
bassoon on tv
bassoon in pop music
bassoon on the air
humor and jokes
bassoon geek
celebrity bassoonists


about us

contact us
our mission
history
photo gallery











 







breaking news

halloween performance videos that had been long locked in a vault have surfaced on youtube! check out the bassoon brothers halloween 1989 featuring batman and robin.
new
mark eubanks is featured on two tunes on david michael’s latest cd, “confluence” available on amazon. check out the tunes, sea star and bobo’s farewell.
we have had an important mission!
we want you to enjoy the bassoon! whether you play it or just appreciate the instrument’s tone and versatility we want to share our enthusiasm about the instrument with the world. we also want to prevent the extinction of our wonderfully versatile family of double reed instruments by encouraging as many of you as possible to take up what is commonly called the “belching bedpost”. if that is totally out of the question, at the very least, enjoy it and tell your friends that it is not an oboe!
some people think the bassoon is a “fleabag’s” cry for help.
happy bassooning!

recordings
check out the bassoon brothers’ four cd’s — wanted, captured, escaped, and american contrasts — on our recordings page. learn more…


publications
21 bassoon brothers quartet arrangements are now available in sheet music. check out all our “derangements” on our publications page. learn more…
check out our youtube channel


inside ‘oondoom
within this website you’ll find more bassoon trivia, helpful hints and b.s. than any bassoon website. who was the first jazz recorded jazz bassoonist? learn more…



did you know? 
the “oon” family — the contrabassoon, bassoon, tenoroon, and all other “oons” (including the tromboon) — can make sounds like no other. the most prominent instrument, the bassoon, gets so little respect and understanding that we call it the “rodney dangerfield instrument”. yet the bassoon can make you swoon in a symphony solo or a tune, or cause you to laugh at a cartoon, or create the tune for a grotesque buffoon. bassooner or later we hope their will be the sound of an oon in every home throughout the world.











© 2024 all rights reserved.






