







tecmate



























































































cart
















0
















              home
            



            products
          

        🛒
      

              3cx
            

        domains
      

        support tickets
      

        screen connect
      











































cart
















0











home







do i.t. better.




products🛒3cxdomainssupport ticketsscreen connect









scroll














networks







wifi







phones







desktops







laptops







servers







cloud

















do i.t. better.

 

call 03 5292 8090









 

services

  











managed i.t. serviceour team of i.t. professionals will manage your computer systems, servers, and network equipment for a monthly fee.













help desk serviceproviding an extension of i.t. services, fielding most tickets and providing quick response and resolution with escalation.













backupdisaster recovery24/7 monitoringproactive monitoring and resolution using industry tools tailored to your infrastructure with reporting and metrics.













virtual cto consultingc-level consulting to make strategic decisions on your i.t. like budgeting, infrastructure, security, and capacity planning.













cloud integrationhybrid and native cloud solutions from hosted line of business applications to complete infrastructure migrations.













voip & unified communicationsmessaging, phone, voicemail, presence, video conferencing, collaboration – all rolled up into one package.













i.t. project servicesscale-able network and i.t. infrastructure projects that fill the role of an in-house i.t. professional. from upgrading microsoft server to office 365 and exchange and sharepoint server migrations.













business intelligencedatabase design & development, report writing, data visualization, and trend analysis.













data center & cloud hostingmanaged data center hosting from fully managed hosting to hybrid hosting, remote hands, and noc.








hire us

 








              business
              
            




              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              phone
              
                *





              email address
              
                *





              message
              
            






expect a call or email very soon. we will contact you asap.




  

if you are searching for battery chargers, battery testers and engine troubleshooting and tuning tools, please visit —> tecmate.com

 





















australian-owned and operatedaustralian-based phone support!!get great internet service and get up to $100 off your first bill!!click the aussie broadband logo above or the link belowhttps://www.aussiebroadband.com.au/nbn-signup/?c=7847981























partners




















































































better i.t.



services



hire us



new page



microsoft certified professional



partners












tecmate aus
geelong, vic 3220,
australia
+61 3 5292 8090


hours
mon 8am - 6pm
tue 8am - 6pm
wed 8am - 6pm
thu 8am - 6pm
fri 8am - 6pm












