




lifestyle | the guardian






























































skip to main contentskip to navigationprint subscriptionssearch jobs sign inintinternational editionuk editionus editionaustralia editioneurope editionthe guardian - back to homethe guardiannewsopinionsportculturelifestyleshow morehide expanded menunewsview all newsworld newsus politicsuk newsclimate crisismiddle eastukraineenvironmentscienceglobal developmentfootballtechbusinessobituariesopinionview all opinionthe guardian viewcolumnistscartoonsopinion videosletterssportview all sportfootballcricketrugby uniontenniscyclingf1golfus sportscultureview all culturebooksmusictv & radioart & designfilmgamesclassicalstagelifestyleview all lifestylefashionfoodrecipeslove & sexhealth & fitnesshome & gardenwomenmenfamilytravelmoneysearch input google-search searchsupport usprint subscriptionssearch jobsholidaysdigital archiveguardian licensingabout usthe guardian appvideopodcastspicturesnewsletterstoday's paperinside the guardianthe observerguardian weeklycrosswordswordiplycorrectionssearch input google-search searchsearch jobsholidaysdigital archiveguardian licensingabout usfashionfoodrecipeslove & sexhealth & fitnesshome & gardenwomenmenfamilytravelmoneylifestyleask philippamy whole life has been one dramatic crisis after anotherperhaps the problem might not be the world itself, but the way you see it writes philippa perry4h agohairfringe benefits: an ode to suburban hairdressersconfidante, therapist, friend, lifeline… the local salon has long provided more than just a new ’do, says fiona scarlett37m agothe moment i knewi’d had lots of lovers during our open relationship – then i realised i could trust him with my lifephotographer william yang and scott had been in a long-distance relationship for 15 years. then a family tragedy brought them closer together …… commentsmore yield, less field: how vertical farming is saving space, water and emissionsgrowing strawberries vertically uses 50% less water and produces more fruit per square metre than traditional methods. it’s just one of the initiatives helping tesco make your shopping more sustainablepaid for bythis content was paid for by tesco and produced by the guardian labs team.jay rayner on restaurantsdon’t tell dad: ‘it’s a class act’ – restaurant review4h ago…… commentsinteriorsstunning artworks give this ‘boho wild’ 19th-century apartment in helsingborg its distinct charmthis is how we do it‘how good he feels in himself has a big effect on his sex drive’flashbackpresenter sara cox looks back: ‘clare and i met when we were teen models in korea. i got sent home for bad behaviour’more lifestyleloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.all storiescrosswordssudokuthe filterhidethe best valentine’s day gifts: 34 thoughtful ideas they’ll actually wantthe best heated clothes airers to save time and money when drying your laundry, tested by our expert‘slightly plasticky … would avoid’: the best (and worst) supermarket spinach and ricotta tortelloni‘the best way to beat face freeze’: 15 wild swimming essentialsmore the filterloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.fashionhidethe edit20 of the best cardigans – in picturesbold colours, striking patterns, leaping lambs: this season’s cardigans are stylish and extraordinary10h ago"there is nothing superfluous"uniqlo’s kendrick lamar coup is part of effort to be a serious fashion forcejess cartner-morley on fashioncomfy, alpha and a little bit french: the return of the little boxy jacket…… commentsvivienne westwood fashion house faces questions over homophobic bullying claims against ceosali hughes on beautycould the key to silkier skin be … silk?the look of love what to wear for valentine’s day, galentine’s night or if you just like the colour red more fashionloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.all storiesinstagramfacebook























































          join grace dent and celebrity guests for a new season of comfort
          eating, as she throws the cupboard doors open and chats life through
          food.
        


listen now:

the guardian


spotify


apple podcasts


amazon music







foodhidedishoomputting mumbai on the menu: dishoom’s founders in the city that inspired themthe team behind the much-loved restaurants explore the places that inspired their ‘bombay comfort food’ dishes. by mina holland2h agojay rayner don’t tell dad: ‘it’s a class act’ – restaurant review4h ago…… commentspraise the braisecoconut chicken, hispi with beans and pork with pineapple: ravinder bhogal’s recipes for winter braises…… commentsthe filter‘slightly plasticky … would avoid’: the best (and worst) supermarket spinach and ricotta tortellonithe new veganmeera sodha’s tahini and soya mince noodles with pickled radishes…… commentsdavid williams's wines of the weekwine: fantastic specialities from australia and new zealand4h agomore foodloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.all storiesinstagramget the guardian food emailthe guardiandishes you’ll come back to again and again and again2025 has arrived, so why not start the new year discovering new flavours? the guardian’s feast app has over 5,000 recipes from our world-class cooks plus editorially-curated seasonal collections and smart app features to help take the stress (and boredom) out of cooking.find out moredownload the feast app todaydownload the feast apphealth & wellbeinghidedid rfk jr really drink fish medicine? he definitely has weird ideas about ‘making america healthy again’arwa mahdawii tried the popular 30/30/30 morning routine – and was left sadder, wiser and nauseatedemma beddington…… commentsfun for ever! the simple way to build a fitness habit you’ll actually lovebridget jones is a welcome reminder of a much more comfortable erazoe williamsthe one change that worked: i took up ballet – and learned to live in the momentmore health & wellbeingloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.paid contentaboutpaid content is paid for and controlled by an advertiser and produced by the guardian labs team.learn more about guardian labs contentthe dawn of digital therapeuticsguardian labsfrom sleep apps to chatbotshow a new generation of health tech is widening access to treatment‘security is vital’:how should new health innovations protect user data?digital therapeuticsi recovered from depression – and went on to help create a mental health appfrom smart inhalers to virtual avatarswhat are the challenges of developing new health tech?paid for by




explore all
                newsletters





sign up to feast









                                        weekly
                                    


                                    a weekly email from yotam ottolenghi, ravinder bhogal, felicity cloake and rachel roddy, featuring recipes and seasonal eating ideas
                                



 


fashion statement









                                        weekly
                                    


                                    style, with substance: what's really trending this week, a roundup of the best fashion journalism and your wardrobe dilemmas solved
                                



 


house to home









                                        weekly
                                    


                                    eight weekly emails on a sunday packed with tips to brighten up your home - whatever your budget
                                



 








privacy notice: newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. for more information click here for our privacy policy. we operate google recaptcha to protect our website and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.







relationshipshidehow we methow we met: ‘we’re like two pieces of a puzzle clicking together’ask philippamy whole life has been one dramatic crisis after another4h agosexual healingour four dogs sleep on the bed – so i haven’t had sex with my wife in 10 yearsask annalisa barbierimy sister is stressed and distant. i want to help but don’t know how…… commentsmore relationshipsloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.



weekend

      every saturday, weekend will bring you the best guardian and observer
      writing from the week, including celebrity interviews, lifestyle features
      and opinion.
    



listen on:

the guardian
spotify
apple podcasts
google podcasts
acast













travelhideindiamumbai on the menu: dishoom’s founders in the city that inspired themthe team behind the much-loved restaurants explore the places that inspired their ‘bombay comfort food’ dishes. by mina holland2h agoitalyexploring siena, tuscany’s other artistic masterpiecereaders' tipsa ‘gorgeous medieval’ town in tuscany and other readers’ tips across italy…… commentsbulgariathe bulgarian town where love takes a back seat to wine on valentine’s dayukwhere tourists seldom tread, part 15: three more uk towns with unsung storiesscotland10 restaurants not to miss in edinburgh – 2025’s ‘most exciting food destination’ more travelloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.all storiesfacebookmoneyhideconsumer championssse sent me £7,000 bills for a communal gate postthe utility addressed bills to ‘feeder pillar’, which powers flats’ car park gatesthe expertsbarter, bid and bag a bargain! vintage experts on 21 ways to buy secondhand treasures…… commentsconsumer championsee won’t refund in full although my daughter’s mobile was reported stolen…… commentsyour problems, with anna tims‘i was charged £1,406 after my key snapped in my door’: how to protect against locksmith fraud…… commentsyour problems, with anna timsteachers’ pensions won’t pay me my pension – until i confirm i’m not dead…… commentswomen‘it infuriates me’: why the ‘wages for housework’ movement is still controversial 40 years onpropertyi had to sell my father’s retirement flat at less than half price – and that took six years…… commentsconsumer affairsairbnb’s sinister ban implied that i was a criminal…… commentsyour problems, with anna timswaitrose won’t pay my claim after a £5,000 car park trolley crash…… commentsmore moneyloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.puzzleshidecrossword blogdo crosswords stave off mental decline? it’s the wrong question…… commentscryptic crosswordscryptic crossword no 29,618…… commentsquick crosswordsquick crossword no 17,092…… commentssudokuobserver killer sudoku10h agoprize crosswordsprize crossword no 29,619killer sudokuobserver killer sudoku10h agothomas eatonwhat is the uk’s largest zoo? the saturday quizalex bellos's monday puzzledid you solve it? sexy maths…… comments




				play the guardian's daily word game and share your score with your
				friends
			





play wordiply"
					play
					



 





















you may have missedhidesunday with sanjeev bhaskar: ‘i’m good at the washing-up, and i mean superb’3h agocorrector: the makeup bag’s secret weaponsometimes even a concealer can only do so much for the complexion… time for the corrector, writes funmi fetto3h agovivienne westwood brings back the bustle, 1994the high priestess of punk’s new look was described as betty boop crossed with pantomime dame. by genevieve fox4h agomore you may have missedloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.the big picturehidewe love: fashion fixes for the week ahead – in picturessamuel ross’s new label for zara, statement jewellery, and holly willoughby’s sell out bootsmore the big pictureloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.most viewedhidemost viewed in lifestylemost viewed across the guardianmost viewed in lifestylethe moment i knew: i’d had lots of lovers during our open relationship – then i realised i could trust him with my lifemy whole life has been one dramatic crisis after anotherpresenter sara cox looks back: ‘clare and i met when we were teen models in korea. i got sent home for bad behaviour’‘i couldn’t be left alone with the kids’: when parental exhaustion tips into burnoutthis is how we do it: ‘how good he feels in himself has a big effect on his sex drive’stunning artworks give this ‘boho wild’ 19th-century apartment in helsingborg its distinct charmfrom overly tight underwear to conceiving after 35 – experts bust fertility myths‘you go to buy a loaf of bread and come home with a candle’: how fast homewares became the new fast fashionblind date: ‘i really enjoyed chatting to her – even when she critiqued my dating app profile!’‘we’re reminded that even beautiful things have their negative side’: sayan bose’s best phone picturemost viewed across the guardianstarmer to join macron-led european crisis summit on trump’s ukraine planmuhsin hendricks, world’s ‘first openly gay imam’, shot dead in south africakillings across three states shine spotlight on cultlike ‘zizian’ groupat least 18 people die in crowd crush at delhi railway stationteenage boy dies and five injured in knife attack in austriajd vance’s munich speech laid bare the collapse of the transatlantic alliancemy whole life has been one dramatic crisis after anotherathens resists as investors swoop on the city’s ‘neighbourhood of the gods’donald trump’s betrayal of ukraine has emboldened vladimir putin and pulled the rug from under nato allies saying ‘women’ is not allowed, but ‘men’ and ‘white’ are ok? i’m (not) shockedexplore more on these topicsfoodfamilyhealth & wellbeingconsumer rightsconsumer affairsfashionfoodrecipeslove & sexhealth & fitnesshome & gardenwomenmenfamilytravelmoneynewsopinionsportculturelifestyleoriginal reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the guardian every morningsign up for our emailhelpcomplaints & correctionssecuredropwork for us privacy policycookie policyterms & conditionscontact usall topicsall writersdigital newspaper archivetax strategyfacebookyoutubeinstagramlinkedinnewslettersadvertise with ussearch uk jobsback to top© 2025 guardian news & media limited or its affiliated companies. all rights reserved. (dcr)

