


welcome to the website of arthur lee jacobson - plant expert

















check the calendar







welcome


    this website began in 2001. mostly it shares 500+ articles that i --a lifelong seattle resident-- have written about plants; and books that i wrote.    for the last 14 years i have been writing a book about edible houseplants.to download its draft introduction in pdf format, click here.    in september 2024, i issued a newsletter.to download it in pdf format, click here.     in november 2004 i published a book by my deceased friend esiquio narro (1914 - 1999). learn about it by clicking the title: selected writings of esiquio narro 1949 - 1997.     in 2005 i updated my first book, trees of seattle. you can now order autographed copies of the new edition from me directly, and at a discount from the cover price. learn more about the book by clicking: here.     in april 2008 the 2nd edition of my book wild plants of greater seattle came out.




cover design by michael lee and robert van pelt



    this website accepts paypal orders for books.    to buy copies online, with free shipping, simply use paypal.com.    if you prefer to not use paypal, you can mail me a check directly, or (best) get a book from me in person.    now that my wholesale distributor partners west has closed, retailers should order my books w/s from me directly at the same 40% discount.







    thank you. please stay in touch. this website is now over 23 years old. its hundreds of articles include a vast amount of information you will find intriguing, informative, and very useful. updated information about my books is a high priority. when you go to the more books page, make sure you click on the learn more links to access the information about each title.


    technical note: i am not a computer whiz. my designer set up this website; and died in 2010. i maintain it on my own, learning from expert friends. with the help of coder meryll larkin (http://www.alwanza.com) i deleted the utterly unused message forum and replaced its button with the frequently asked questions one.  also, the site can now display chinese characters.







    
























































   










home   wild plants of greater seattle




about arthur lee jacobson   services & rates   more booksplant of the month   essays   frequently asked questions   articles   awards and interviews   useful links   volunteer workgary lockhart's health books   contact me



http://www.arthurleej.comall content and graphics hereinare copyright © 2001-2022



