











	share






















































 search       
			
            	 join now     
                 login














education




on-demand channels make share’s unparalleled enterprise it education accessible whenever and wherever our members need it.


share’d knowledge



about share'd knowledge





webcasts



upcoming webcasts


webcast replays


sponsor a webcast


security and compliance webcast series





digital badging


education


share'd conversations


focus areas


bitbucket archives








events




in-person and online events are a hallmark of share, where plentiful learning and networking benefit the entire community.


about share events



event calendar


partner opportunities





past events



proceedings





share washington, d.c.



registration



justification resources





hotel and travel


schedule-at-a-glance


exhibit and sponsor



exhibitor resources





speakers



speaker resources





technical agenda


keynote


activities


lunch & learns











connect




online forums, a member directory and volunteer opportunities are but a few of the channels available for share members to connect with peers and industry experts.


volunteer



about share volunteers


volunteer recognition


share volunteers


women in it


share focus areas





membership



join share


membership faqs


member directory


user profile





communities


recognition



awards


in memoriam





advocacy & requirements system








share'd intelligence




share’d intelligence the official publication of share, is a leading source for news and education on enterprise solutions. the publication serves as a valuable resource for compelling, timely, relevant, and engaging content that informs and engages share members and partners.


subscribe


submit a story


browse articles








partners




share delivers unmatched opportunities to showcase your company’s technology, expertise and brand to a highly informed and influential community of enterprise it professionals.


partner overview


partner directory


partner opportunities



year-round


event











about




throughout our rich history (since 1955), share has always considered service to end users and the industry as our primary calling. learn about our mission, vision, history, strategic goals, leadership and more.


about us



mission & vision


share today


history


strategic goals





leadership



board of directors


past presidents


focus area leaders


committees


elections





contact us


annual report


bylaws and policies


industry participation







































share® is an independent volunteer-run information technology association that provides education, professional networking and industry influence for the enterprise it community.
learn more.












events
since 1955, share has produced events that deliver unmatched education and access to the global enterprise computing community. in-person events and webcasts provide participants with unique education, access to innovation and the opportunity to connect with peers and recognized subject matter experts.
learn more



 




 



membership
membership in share delivers year-round value and access to vital online communities, insightful thought-leadership pieces, technical publications, professional networking channels, discounted registration to share events, and valuable volunteer opportunities.
learn more









thank you to our strategic partners






























330 north wabash avenue, suite 2000
				chicago, il 60611-4267
copyright ©  share all rights reserved
terms of service - contact share - privacy policy




login









search


















