

the fellowship of christian poets



















































				fellowship of christian poets

				reaching the world for christ through poetry and prose



























home
poem of the month
poetry videos
christian poets members profile
our special services
contact us
















welcome to our new website 
	for the fellowship of christian poets
we at the fellowship of christian 
	poets offer authors a place to share their love of poetry with other like 
	minded people. we have many services we offer to christian poets and people who love reading christian 
	poetry and prose.  you can join our fellowship and we will post your 
	photo, contact info, a like to your website and up to 5 of your poems 
	displayed on our members profile page. we can also 
	help promote your writing on the internet through our website
	christian writer's 
	ebook, where we can publish your 
	poetry and/or prose in to a very nice ebook. we also have a page on our site 
	where we will post christian poetry 
	videos. many of our friends have written poetry books and ebooks and we 
	can produce christian book trailer videos to promote your book of poetry or 
	prose through our sister site
	lil' screen 
	productions.
we offer many services to our 
	members and to visitors too our website. if you are a writer of poetry or 
	prose we have services to help you market your writing. please check back as we add more content to our new website. 
	we also thank our sponsors who help us so please visit them. like our first 
	sponsor my jerusalem store for gifts like


	designer cross jewelry

terry whitsitt


 




 


 
 
 
 
 
 


           

© 1998 - 2018 christian poets is a part of 
			the webtech design group  - all rights reserved

free website hit counter


















this website is designed, 
                      hosted and maintained by
 webtech design group



                      						christian web design & hosting plans



to report a problem on this site, please contact 
                      our webmaster at:


                      webtechdesigngroup@gmail.com























