







 



home - el paso county, colorado























































































skip to content



careers elections departments elected officials report an issue top bar menu
search:







 language


el paso county colorado


general linkscareers elections departments elected officials citizen connect watch information channel  open space & recreationcounty fairel paso county 4-h  nature centers parks, trails, & open space report a park concern  property & landassessor foreclosure information and sales land development applications (edarp) land development code master plan property taxesmill levies property tax information search property taxes tax entity maps tax lien sale  release of deed of trusts surveyor  services & resourcesbusiness incentives citizen connect community initiativesamerican rescue plan act (arpa) community development block grant (cdbg) community services block grant (csbg) csu extension  environmental serviceshousehold hazardous waste recycling programs  facilities map housinghousing resources  licenses & documentsadditional licenses dhs records driver’s licenses marriage licenses open records (cora) recorded documents  motor vehicles open governmentopen records (cora) solicitations  public parking veterans services watch, stream, and listen  roads & transportationgravel roads road projects pavement quality public works report a road or bridge issue row permitting snow & ice control  family, child & adult servicesadult protective services assistance programs child protective services child support services dhs records request  safety & lawcommunity correctionscommunity corrections wait list  complianceamericans with disability act (ada) code enforcement  coroner’s office county attorney emergency managementepc ready  district attorney pretrial services required community service sheriff’s office  board of commissionersboard of county commissioners (bocc) clerk to the bocc connect with your commissioner meetings & agendas proclamations request form volunteer boards & commissions  



 
general linkscareers elections departments elected officials citizen connect watch information channel  open space & recreationcounty fairel paso county 4-h  nature centers parks, trails, & open space report a park concern  property & landassessor foreclosure information and sales land development applications (edarp) land development code master plan property taxesmill levies property tax information search property taxes tax entity maps tax lien sale  release of deed of trusts surveyor  services & resourcesbusiness incentives citizen connect community initiativesamerican rescue plan act (arpa) community development block grant (cdbg) community services block grant (csbg) csu extension  environmental serviceshousehold hazardous waste recycling programs  facilities map housinghousing resources  licenses & documentsadditional licenses dhs records driver’s licenses marriage licenses open records (cora) recorded documents  motor vehicles open governmentopen records (cora) solicitations  public parking veterans services watch, stream, and listen  roads & transportationgravel roads road projects pavement quality public works report a road or bridge issue row permitting snow & ice control  family, child & adult servicesadult protective services assistance programs child protective services child support services dhs records request  safety & lawcommunity correctionscommunity corrections wait list  complianceamericans with disability act (ada) code enforcement  coroner’s office county attorney emergency managementepc ready  district attorney pretrial services required community service sheriff’s office  board of commissionersboard of county commissioners (bocc) clerk to the bocc connect with your commissioner meetings & agendas proclamations request form volunteer boards & commissions  









trust 
							we listen to our community and act with honesty and respect in our interactions with co-workers and those we serve. we adhere to laws, policies, procedures, and professional standards. 
							
 


transparency 
							we are open, honest, and respectful in our work and communication. 
							
 


accountability 
							we are responsive to community needs.
we are good stewards of county resources. 
							
 


quality service 
							we make a difference in our community by serving the residents of el paso county.  
							
 


collaboration 
							we foster a county government that works for all. we inspire employees to passionately give their best while leveraging community partnerships for the meaningful benefit of our residents. 
							
 

















welcome to el paso county




welcome to
el paso county





el paso county has a population of over 750,000, providing residents with a thriving downtown, family-friendly suburbs, and vast rural expanses. the county is home to eight municipalities, each contributing to the community’s geographic, economic, and social diversity. with mountains to the west, forest to the north, and plains to the east, you can hike, bike, kayak, and explore without ever leaving el paso county.

















property owners





el paso county is a great place to live! we are proud of our community and encourage our residents to partner with us in responsible stewardship. our resources are available to guide your property ownership journey.


view property services








business owners





el paso county is a great place to work and do business!  we proudly offer various support services and programs to facilitate successful business in our region, including an award-winning workforce development center!


view business services








visitors





el paso county is a great place to explore, engage, and celebrate!  we are home to america’s mountain, pikes peak, and our community is often ranked as one of the most beautiful locations in the country.


view visitor services








other popular services





el paso county provides services to the region that no other entity offers. we strive to consistently deliver high-quality, service-focused resources and opportunities that make a difference in our community.


view popular services








election data





visit epc vip to view el paso county voter registration data, voter turnout data, voting locations, and census other demographic data. 


election data








election results





results will be available at approximately 7:30, 8:30, and 9:30 this evening and can be viewed by visiting the election results page.  results will be updated as ballots are processed and tabulated in the days following the election.


election results








citizen connect





citizen connect is a website and mobile app that helps you connect with your local government, access services, and have problems addressed effectively and efficiently. you can track the progress of any request and keep a record of what el paso county has done to help meet your specific needs
download the citizen connect mobile app or visit citizenconnect.elpasoco.com to connect directly with your county commissioner or submit service requests for any road, park, or other issues!


visit citizen connect








rex and meridian project information





 el paso county has designed improvements for the rex road at meridian road intersection north of falcon with construction scheduled to begin in early 2024. the improvements consist of installing a traffic signal, improving sight distance, widening meridian to four lanes and adding turn lanes on rex with full-depth reconstruction of both rex and meridian roads, roadside ditch and stormwater improvements, and utility relocations.


visit project webpage








the el paso county affordable housing directory





the high cost of living can make it challenging for families with limited financial resources to find housing. in response, the el paso county economic development department has developed an affordable housing directory. this resource aims to assist residents and the community organizations that support them by providing information on housing options available to low-to-moderate-income households.


visit affordable housing directory








beyond the dais





el paso county lies in east central colorado and encompasses more than 2,158 square miles. as the most populous county in colorado, el paso county has just as many stories to tell as people to tell them. this podcast will endeavor to share those stories.
from local government officials to leaders in the community, beyond the dais will step off the elevated platform of the chamber and shine a spotlight on the people working to make el paso county a great place to visit, work, and live.


listen to the podcast








american rescue plan act





on may 10, 2021, the u.s. department of the treasury launched the coronavirus state and local fiscal recovery funds program authorized pursuant to the american rescue plan act (“arpa”). arpa is bringing one-time funding to our state and county that will assist in the recovery of our region.
the state of colorado received $3.8 billion, and el paso county received $139,929,837 based on the county’s population. learn more about el paso county’s arpa funding.


learn more about arpa








the courier





the courier is a quarterly publication that is circulated physically and virtually to the residents in our community, informing them of county services, values, events, and stories.
 
the courier makes it so that every resident of el paso county can better understand which government services the county offers and how they can benefit from and be involved in local government initiatives.
 
this not only helps our residents to better grasp where their tax dollars are spent and how local government works, but it also highlights collaborations and partnerships, informing residents of what is going on in the region.


read the courier








2024 budget information





pursuant to colorado law, the board of county commissioners must adopt the annual balanced budget by december of each year, by starting the process in october.
el paso county elected officials and county departments present budget requests and critical needs to the board of county commissioners during the annual budget process.


view budget information








open government





we are open, honest, and respectful in our work and communication. we build trust by transparently publishing data and analytics on our finances, the condition of our infrastructure, and our progress toward our strategic objectives.


county commissioners agenda & minutes
board of county commissioners meeting information, agendas and live streaming.
colorado open records act
in the spirit of open government, the colorado open records act requires that most public records be available to the public.
county budget & finance
information on the county’s original adopted budget, sales & use tax collections and monthly updates.
elected officials
get to know your elected officials for el paso county.
elections
voter registration, polling places, ballot issues and election updates.
get involved, volunteer
el paso county has more than 40 boards and commissions that need your time and experience.
public meetings
el paso county government invites residents to all public meetings.
strategic plan
strategic thinking and careful planning help identify both long-term and more immediate county priorities.









featured news










traffic advisory – week of february 17 military access, mobility & safety improvement project

february 14th, 2025 – there will be a temporary full closure of southbound south academy boulevard between bradley road and us highway 85/87 on saturday, feb. 22, 7 a.m. to 5 p.m., for welding operations on new bridge structures. a detour will be in place: southbound south academy boulevard traffic will exit onto bradley road,…

read more »








volunteers needed for board of health

february 13, 2025 – the el paso county board of commissioners is seeking community-minded citizen volunteers to serve on the el paso county board of health. applications for the open position are due by march 7, 2025. the el paso county board of health is the governing body for el paso county public health. the board of…

read more »








el paso county offices closed in observance of presidents day

february 13, 2025 – el paso county administrative and elected administrative offices and affiliated agencies will be closed monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of presidents day. the el paso county sheriff’s office administration services will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025. however, emergency services such as our 9-1-1 regional communications center, detention operations, and…

read more »
view all county news


our vision





el paso county will be a trusted regional leader known for excellence in county service delivery.











our purpose





we provide essential public services to the pikes peak region in support of our residents, businesses, and communities, enhancing the freedom for all to thrive.


















quick links



home owners
businesses
visitors
facilities & locations
hr & career
departments
elected officials
contact us
general disclaimer
report a website problem
popular services
watch live meetings
news releases
strategic plan
sales and use tax
ada
plan your visit
about el paso
sitemap









subscribe to updates










email(required)


 














connect with us:



news information channel (opens in new tab)




contact us by phone (opens in new tab)




contact us by email (opens in new tab)




listen to our podcast (opens in new tab)




look at our images on flickr (opens in new tab)






go to our facebook page (opens in new tab)




go to our x page (opens in new tab)




go to our youttube (opens in new tab)




go to our instagram (opens in new tab)




go to our linkedin (opens in new tab)







.

 









					copyright © el paso county, colorado 2025. all rights reserved.
                










go to top









































































