




own a koa - campgrounds & rv parks for sale - join koa





















































































skip to content 


menu 
 account login
 







 

menu 







 
menu 
home
convert to koa
build a koa
buy a koa

buy a koa
campgrounds for sale


sell to koa
resources

the koa difference

k2 campground reservation software


campground ownership guide
design and layout options
financing

loans


testimonials


request info
news
 










 koa buyer’s workshop, october 23 and 24, 2022, nashville koa resort
learn more








there’s never been a better time to own a koa!
   
with 500+ campgrounds across north america, koa owners host nearly 8 million camping nights each year. koa has all the tools and support you need to convert, build, or buy a koa campground.
join the koa family







koa is truly an iconic brand that represents the best that camping has to offer
with nearly six decades of camping expertise, it’s no surprise that kampgrounds of america, inc. (koa) is the undisputed number one name in camping…when people think camping, they think koa. our powerful and recognizable brand stands for quality and service that campers can trust.

when you join the koa family of campgrounds, you’ll immediately experience the koa difference.
built upon our pillars of camper growth, revenue growth, operational excellence and koa family, the koa difference makes owning a koa campground a rich and rewarding experience. whether you operate a single campground, or own a portfolio of campgrounds, our fresh, flexible franchise models allow business owners to achieve their unique goals and deliver an unparalleled camping experience to their guest.




four pillars
of the koa difference

camper
growth
the iconic kampgrounds of america brand is marketed to koa campers and non-koa campers alike, generating more camper nights and reservations. camping is more popular than ever, and koa is laser-focused on reaching new campers and sending them to your campground. our koa campers are also extremely loyal to koa and spend more nights at koa each year.
learn how we grow campers

revenue
growth
koa is an iconic brand known across generations and throughout north america. we have a thoughtful, strategic approach for growing and investing in our brand that results in year-over-year revenue growth for our koa campgrounds and our company. in fact, campgrounds that convert to koa experience an average 19% increase in registration revenue in the first year.
learn how we grow revenue

operational
excellence
at koa, our focus is providing the thought leadership, tools and resources that allow each of our koa campgrounds the opportunity to be best-in-class. our products, services and support are carefully designed to help our owners succeed. at koa we are continually innovating, ensuring we are first to market with the latest products and services campers are looking for.
learn how we work

koa
family
at koa, we believe you should be in business for yourself, not by yourself. a koa franchise allows you to own and manage your business with the power of the koa brand as the foundation. as a member of the koa family of campgrounds, you have access to the experience, knowledge and support of hundreds of owners and operators, as well as our 80 expert team members.
learn how we treat our family




franchising
convert an existing campground or rv park to a koa. franchising is a great way to get into high value campground ownership with world-class support from koa.
learn about franchising


build a koa
partner with koa’s campground design services team to build a brand-new koa campground that will meet the needs of your guests, today and tomorrow. have questions about how to start a new campground? click here to learn more about the process.
learn about building a koa

buy a koa
purchasing an existing koa campground is often the fastest and least expensive way to join the koa family of campgrounds. let us connect you with koa owners interested in selling.
learn about buying a koa

sell to koa
koa owns and operates over 40 quality locations throughout north america. we are expanding the footprint of the koa brand and are actively purchasing campgrounds.
learn about selling to koa




latest koa news




 
 
 

kampgrounds of america, inc. named 2025 best-in-category franchise by franchise business review
january 8, 2025january 8, 2025
 

the annual independent franchise survey ranks koa highest in franchisee satisfaction in the recreation category and among the top 50 franchises overall. kampgrounds of america, inc. (koa), a leader in outdoor hospitality, was recently named the best-in-category in the recreation…

...read more 
 
 

upcoming koa buyer’s workshop announced
january 7, 2025january 7, 2025
 

registration for the upcoming koa buyer’s workshop event is now open! this informative session will take place march 28 – 30, 2025, at the nashville koa resort in nashville, tn. designed exclusively for prospective campground owners, this koa buyer’s workshop will…

...read more 
 
 

2024 camping & outdoor hospitality report: economic impacts
december 9, 2024november 20, 2024
 

over the past decade, camping has evolved from a simple outdoor pastime to encompass a wide range of hospitality offerings catering to preferences from rugged wilderness adventures to luxurious glamping retreats. this growth has positively impacted the outdoor hospitality industry…

...read more



read more news articles








why partner with koa?
watch our video to learnabout becoming part of thekoa system.
play videoabout koa
learn about the most recognized name in camping for nearly 60 years.
learn morefranchise brochure
complete benefits information associated with a koa franchise.
view brochurerequest information
interested in joining the koa family of campgrounds?
request info

 









contact us


	koa franchise sales
800-548-7239  |  franchisesales@koa.net
 


about us
multi-park owners
k2 kampsight
legal
privacy policy
teamlogic it
admin login
sitemap
 






					© copyright 2025 kampgrounds of america, inc. all rights reserved.				








































