








vfwwi.org













































 








department of wisconsin 







home
about

about us
officers
mission
gallery
auxiliary
faqs


programs

vfw foundation - grants
donate to programs
programs
community initiatives
veterans service office
buddy poppy
frank brown scholarship
safety
wi vfw riders
taps


resources

mental health support grant
unmet needs
emergency & disaster relief
veterans claims and benefits assistance
chaplains corner
partner resource links
veteran discounts


news

podcast
2025 publications contest
events
news
announcements
calendar
wi vfw newspaper
vfw raffle calendar news


contact
login

webmail
report entry

members only
site admin




































2025 re-draw bonanza
click the button below to view the winners of the 2025 new year's re-draw bonanza
re-draw bonanza winners










commanders membership challenge
january winners:  

division 1 - post 7591 ~
division 2 - post 11038 ~
division 3 - no entry ~
division 4 - post 8338 ~
division 5 - no entry











2025 publication contest
now open ~ deadline march 7, 2025
contest rulesentry form










ice age trail walk for veterans
the wisconsin veterans of foreign wars is planning a fundraising and awareness walk of the entire ice age trail. please click the link below for more details
ice age trail walk










make a donation
donate to the vfw wisconsin unmet needs fund.  this program helps veterans and veterans families in times of hardship.  you can send your donation to the vfw headquarters at po box 6128, monona, wi 53716 or click below for credit card or paypal.
donate now










988 suicide & crisis lifeline
if you or someone you know is in a crisis and needs help, call 988 and press 1 for veterans. additional options are sending a text to 838255, and through chat (veteranscrisisline.net/chat).
veterans crisis line information










veterans assistance
do you need help with a va claim?    call our vfw service office at 
414-902-5748
claims & benefitsfinancial assistance










interested in becoming a sponsor?
please click the link below for more information.
sponsorship menu








previous



next











welcome to vfw wi
we serve wisconsin veterans













as yesterday's defenders of freedom, we want to welcome today's military service members into our ranks to become part of our elite group. our common bond is the battlefield, whether it is service in the persian gulf, korea, kosovo, the war on terrorism or peace-keeping expeditionary campaigns. your courage and sacrifice have made a difference in preserving and defending world peace.
 
celebrating the legacy
history of the veterans of foreign wars
 





more

















in-country
a satirical reflection by author/artist phil fehrenbacher



phil enlisted in the army in 1965 where you served for years in vietnam.  he became a graphic designer and has worked for the state of oregon for 26 years.  
						he retired in 2003 and started the cartoon "in-country".  the cartoons reflect his experiences during his tour of duty in south vietnam.there is a new cartoon everyday.











commander's corner
commander ron ramos

















announcements











the wisconsin veteran and military support program is available to 
				any veteran or veteran's family in need. that includes currently-serving military families.unmet needs application available here 

wi vfw foundation grant applications available here (may 15 deadline)


this is for organizations providing projects or programs that 
support the charitable and exempt purposes of the vfw dept. of wi.
 










follow us













our mission
"that the purpose of this corporation shall be fraternal, patriotic, historical, charitable, and educational: to preserve and strengthen comradeship among its members; to assist worthy comrades; to perpetuate the memory and history of our dead; and to assist their widows and orphans; to maintain true allegiance to the government of the united states of america, and fidelity to its constitution and laws; to foster true patriotism; to maintain and extend the institutions of american freedom, and to preserve and defend the united states from all her enemies."









site sponsors
thank you to the following who support our veterans. click on the logo(s) below for more information.
















































previous



next















address
				4622 dutch mill roadmadison, wi  53716
contact us via email
phone: 608-221-5276fax: 608-221-5277







menu
home
about
programs
resources
news
contact
members only







links
site admin
webmail
follow on facebook 
vfw national
vfw store
national auxiliary site










copyright (c) 2025 vfw wi.












































