


















welcome to elixir strings













      country
    


        united states
      


brazil
china (中国) france germany japan (日本)




login


my account


logout


cart

0






elixir® strings




home


guitar strings


acoustic strings


acoustic phosphor bronze with nanoweb coating


acoustic 80/20 bronze with nanoweb coating


acoustic 80/20 bronze with polyweb coating


all acoustic strings




electric strings


electric nickel plated steel with nanoweb coating


electric nickel plated steel with polyweb coating


electric nickel plated steel with optiweb coating


all electric guitar strings




bass strings


electric bass nickel plated steel with nanoweb coating


electric bass stainless steel with nanoweb coating


acoustic bass 80/20 bronze with nanoweb coating


all bass guitar strings




other strings


single guitar strings






artists


player tips


guitar makers


where to buy


support


info


string tension for tuning


why use elixir strings?


polyweb, nanoweb & optiweb coatings


faqs


my elixir strings story




how to


extend tone life


how to choose guitar strings




downloads


product catalog




contact


contact us


newsletter

























good to go
whenever ● wherever
with the longest lasting tone, elixir® strings eliminates distractions and keeps you playing whenever, wherever creativity strikes.



incredible playability
"i’m sliding up and down the fretboard, moving capos mid-song, and trying to hit harmonics on their sweet spot. i love that elixir strings don't ever hold me back or slow me down." – trace bundy



corrosion resistance
elixir® strings protects the entire string with a thin coating that prevents the gunk build up and corrosion that can compromise your tone over time.










  great tone that lasts


elixir strings has the longest lasting tone compared to any string, coated or uncoated. sounds great gig after gig. session after session.









  corrosion resistance


with featherweight coatings and anti-rust plating, our strings are protected against tone-killing debris and stand up to sweaty hands and humidity.









  reliable performance


elixir strings can withstand wildly fluctuating temperatures, and even the worst of humidity. our strings deliver consistent performance no matter the environment.









  greater tuning stability


players report elixir strings stay in tune for longer, eliminating endless tunings that keep your guitars from consistently sounding their best.









all deliver the same long-lasting tone life
treat all of your instruments to the great tone and just right feel of elixir strings. your strings will sound and feel fresh for longer.

shop now





"when you get your guitar out of the case, the strings still feel fresh even after it's been sitting there. i just like how long elixir strings last. i recommend them to everyone." – marcus king






rough and dull strings killing your sound?

find your answer





sweat and humidity don't  stand a chance
elixir strings repel the sweat and humidity that can cause corrosion of your strings and prevent you from sounding your best. so get outside and play.










  brightest tones


hear what richard thompson has to say about elixir strings tone.










  just-right feel


comfortable strings that put you in control of bends, sustain and vibrato. hear how everett gray describes the feel of elixir strings.










  longest lasting tone


elixir strings protects your tone like no other string allowing you to play for longer without interruption. see why marcus king relies on elixir strings.












 



discover the strings to meet your playing style
get started











residents of some states have the right to opt-out of the “sharing” or “selling” of their personal information. gore does not "sell" the personal information of website users. gore may "share" the personal information of website users, as standard advertising practice meant to offer you a more personalized service.
if you want to opt-out from gore “sharing” your personal information, click on opt-out of sharing to turn off the targeting cookies that we share with our advertising partners in order to provide you with personalized information. disabling sharing will stop the use of cookies to targeted advertising but you may still see generic gore ads.
please note that your exercising of the rights outlined will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.

opt-out of sharing


you have successfully opted out of the sharing of your personal information 
please note that if you clear your cookies and then use another device or browser, etc. your opt-out status is not transferred to the new device or browser. 













acoustic 80/20 bronze with nanoweb coating


acoustic 80/20 bronze with polyweb coating


acoustic bass 80/20 bronze with nanoweb coating


acoustic phosphor bronze with nanoweb coating


electric bass nickel plated steel with nanoweb coating


electric bass stainless steel with nanoweb coating


electric nickel plated steel with nanoweb coating


electric nickel plated steel with optiweb coating


electric nickel plated steel with polyweb coating


single guitar strings








newsletter


contact us


artists


guitar makers


why use elixir strings? 


where to buy


faqs


player tips


string tension for tuning


about us






get social



twitter





facebook





youtube





instagram








newsletter registration














footer menu


cookie settings


imprint


privacy notice


terms of use


environmental sorting instructions


do not share my personal information




          gore, elixir, nanoweb, polyweb, great tone • long life, "e" icon, and designs are trademarks of w. l. gore & associates. ©2009-2025 w. l. gore & associates, inc.
      














