







main index for gentlebirth.org



     
    
 
looking for a midwife in silicon valley?

the gentlebirth.org website is provided
            courtesy of 
ronnie falcao, lm
              ms cpm, a homebirth midwife in mountain view, ca

 
articles written by ronnie falcao, lm ms
          cpm


british medical journal study shows that
          homebirth is as safe 
as hospital birth for healthy women with a
          normal pregnancy: 
summary of the study

the study itself - abstract
        - full





          text 
additional
          homebirth safety references 
          


gentlebirth.org is dedicated to providing
        information that will help families have the best birth possible
        - a safe, gentle, positive birth experience that supports happy,
        healthy families. 
this site was created and is maintained by ronnie falcao, lm ms cpm, a
        homebirth midwife in mountain view, california. 








this site hosts a number of midwifery-related web pages: 
the midwife archives - as a way of
      organizing my notes about information and wisdom shared on the
      various birth-related distribution lists, i created the midwife
      archives. lately, i've been focusing more on including links to
      relevant sites.  please visit the midwife archives for
      answers to many practical questions and for an interesting
      perspective on the mystical side of birth. [i also maintain an archive of the
        public-service announcements that have been featured in the
      midwife archives.] 
ronnie falcao's homepage - i'm a
      licensed midwife in mountain view, ca, attending homebirth and
      providing doula/labor support in the hospital. here's information
      about how to contact me. 
        
 local birthing resources - primarily santa
      clara and san mateo counties in northern california.
directory of south peninsula midwives
    - homebirth midwifery services, labor support and other
    birth-related services.
    local resources for a healthy
        pregnancy - various birth-related resources. 
notes for california midwives -
      collection of information relevant to practicing midwifery in
      california, especially as a licensed midwife. 
        
some pages i've written:


homebirth benefits -
      why homebirth is most appropriate for normal birth 
dangers of hospital birth
      - why birthing in a hospital causes more problems than it solves
      for normal birth 




perspectives on normal
                childbirth - an article i wrote for the ican journal
              about my internship in an el paso, texas, birth center. i
              was astounded that they had a cesarean rate of less than
              1% without compromising the well-being of the mother or
              baby. 




homebirth safety and benefits -
      homebirth is as safe or safer than hospital birth in most cases;
      homebirth also offers intangible benefits beyond superior safety.
    
information about vre -
        vancomycin-resistant enterococcus - it was recently reported
      that the antibiotic-resistant bacteria, enterococcus, has infected
      100% of the surveyed hospitals in the san francisco bay area. 
some pages i've
        formatted in co-operation with the authors: 
benefits and risks of episiotomy: a
        review of the english-language literature since 1980 
      a journal article by robert j. woolley, md. 
is homebirth for you?  6 myths
        about childbirth exposed 
      an online version of the booklet originally published by friends
      of homebirth (editor: janet tipton, 1990) 
writings by jock doubleday
      (president of natural woman, natural man, inc.) have been moved to
      jock's
        own site at spontaneouscreation.org--a series of
      thought-provoking articles about childbirth and alternative
      healthcare. 
      jock also has a fabulous new book out - spontaneous
          creation: 101 reasons not to have your baby in a hospital,
          vol. 1 
peter’s theory of
        the life there-after - peter paulay was/is my healthcare
      provider and spiritual teacher from 1991 to 2003, when he needed
      to focus on his own upcoming shift away from this physical
      existence on planet earth.  using his language, he made the
      shift on june 5, 2004. 
        
        


 
search gentlebirth.org

contact ronnie falcao, lm ms cpm 








 
              for the latest information about midwifery legislation in
              california, see the web pages of the california
college





                of midwives.





 
are you looking for details of jock doubleday's vaccine offer? 
        check it out along with other writings
by





          jock doubleday (president of natural woman, natural man,
        inc.): 
        a series of thought-provoking articles about childbirth and
        alternative healthcare. 
 
permission to link to these pages is hereby granted.

yes, i have a bone to pick with nom nom now - here's my nom nom now review.




