







home - gem faire











































































skip to content
home
show schedule
exhibitor info
dealer list

numeric-f
g-o
p-z


 







home



                                        
visit gem faire! 
featured exhibitor
gem faire is one of the largest gem, jewelry & bead shows in the united states. with nearly 40 shows a year, gem faire brings to the west coast, and some areas of the midwest, quality gems, beads, crystals, minerals, findings and earth’s treasures directly to your town. gem faire vendors offer quality merchandise at manufacturer’s prices. you’ll discover fine jewelry, costume jewelry, precious & semi-precious gemstones, millions of beads, sparkling crystals, gold & silver, jewelry tools, supplies & boxes all under one roof! gem faire dealers are direct importers, wholesalers & manufacturers so you are buying from the source! be sure to enter for a chance to win cool prizes at every gem faire location, drawing every hour.

becoming gem faire exhibitor
interested in becoming a gem faire exhibitor? visit our exhibitor info page and download the exhibit space contracts. gem faire exhibitors can take advantage of lower booth prices and earn high profits! contact us today to reserve your booth space before it sells out!
email: info@gemfaire.com
gem & mineral clubs and bead societies are invited to request a complimentary booth space to set up, display and promote your organization. thousands of gem faire attendees are very anxious to learn more about the gem & mineral hobby as a whole. please contact our corporate office for details.











						upcoming events					









		costa mesa, ca	



february 21 - february 23 

exhibit space contract 


				oc fair & event center	












		del mar, ca	



february 28 - march 2 

exhibit space contract 


				del mar fairgrounds	












		puyallup, wa	



march 14 - march 16 

exhibit space contract 


				washington state fair events center	










show hours friday  12pm-6pm
saturday  10am-6pm
sunday  10am-5pm
(no admittance after 4pm sunday)
admission $7 weekend pass
purchase tickets at the door~cash only
free for children 11 & under
wholesale preview friday  10am-12pm
click for details

get free pass 
sign up now
follow 
    
contact 


address: po box 55337 portland or 97238                


phone: (503) 252-8300                


email: info@gemfaire.com








copyright © 2025 gem faire, all rights reserved
            






































