









	diocese of norwich


  






















+stay informedall diocesan articlesnewsfour county catholicbereavement supportcaregiver spiritualitycatholic family servicesmarriageyouth ministryhow you can helpabout the diocese+donateannual catholic appeal (aca)diocesan development officecatholic charitiescampaignspontifical massesfour county catholic+participateupcoming eventsmassesevent calendarvolunteer opportunitieslive events+findbishop emeritusfull group directoryvocationsministriesorganizationsinstitutionsparish communitiesschoolsdiocesan officessafe environmentsaccused clergyemploymentcontactreorganization





































stay informed



all diocesan articles


news


four county catholic


bereavement support


caregiver spirituality


catholic family services


marriage


youth ministry


how you can help


about the diocese





donate



annual catholic appeal (aca)


diocesan development office


catholic charities


campaigns


pontifical masses


four county catholic





participate



upcoming events


masses


event calendar


volunteer opportunities


live events





find



bishop emeritus


full group directory


vocations


ministries


organizations


institutions


parish communities


schools


diocesan offices


safe environments


accused clergy


employment





contact


reorganization








   






 









|

login
























 






+stay informedall diocesan articlesnewsfour county catholicbereavement supportcaregiver spiritualitycatholic family servicesmarriageyouth ministryhow you can helpabout the diocese+donateannual catholic appeal (aca)diocesan development officecatholic charitiescampaignspontifical massesfour county catholic+participateupcoming eventsmassesevent calendarvolunteer opportunitieslive events+findbishop emeritusfull group directoryvocationsministriesorganizationsinstitutionsparish communitiesschoolsdiocesan officessafe environmentsaccused clergyemploymentcontactreorganization










 



 


 
|

login

 












 





                           online masses - click here                 serving others in god's love          serving others in god's love            chapter 11 reorganization information  click here      
































rejoicing in the good of others
view additional ministries
thank you for your continued support and prayers for all of our ministries.
- bishop michael r. cote, d.d.






news & events

 






events


a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! a month of compassion: film events to support st. vincent de paul place    ! calendar of events     ! the norwich diocesan women’s conference invites you to dinner with jesus    ! hope does not disappoint: join the jubilee year mass at the cathedral    ! 





































































































































news & streaming links









office for safe environments

the diocese of norwich and its parishes, schools, and other affiliated institutions are committed to providing safe environments for children, young people, and adults. safe environments refers to environments that are created and maintained in an effort to provide all people with the safest possible place in which to minister, study, and work. the responsibilities of this office include overseeing the creation and implementation of safe environments programs and policies.  
learn more   report abuse - reporte el abuso


























































































































how can we serve you?




office of faith events
the office of faith events helps organize services and events for the purpose of enriching the faith of catholics of all ages. its ministries include adult faith formation, catholic family services, catholic scouting, catechetic, evangelization, rcia, and youth ministry.



catholic family services
the catholic family services office provides resources and support to parishes and families to promote and celebrate happy and holy marriages and families. the office provides programs in the areas of marriage preparation, marriage enrichment and support, natural family planning, chastity for teens and serves as a resource for various diocesan support groups.



catholic foundation
the catholic foundation is a nonprofit corporation that gives endowments to parishes, schools, and other organizations in the diocese of norwich. encouraging stewardship, it provides for the investment and distribution of assets. since its founding, the foundation has distributed over $3 million in awards.


 
find a parish   find a school






signup for the weekly newsletter











            first name


            last name


            email


        join








roman catholic diocese of norwich
201 broadway
norwich, ct 06360-4328
phone: 860-887-9294


























copyright 2025 by diocese of norwich
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use
catholic website design by connecting members














































