






bhhs barnbrook realty - ma, ny, ct trusted experts for over 50 years






























our listingsrentalsrentalscommercial rentalsbuyersberkshire home buying tipslearn about the berkshiresnew to the regionberkshire real estateberkshire buyerssellersselling tipswhat is my home worthberkshire sellersberkshire luxury home sellingproperty listingstypes of propertiesberkshire homesbarnbrook propertiesberkshire landberkshire rental propertiesberkshire commercialberkshire view propertiesberkshire waterfront propertiesberkshire farmssearch columbia county ny listingssearch litchfield county ct listingscommunitiescommunitiesgreat barringtonlenoxstockbridgeegremontwest stockbridgesheffieldalfordrichmondnew marlboroughleemontereysandisfieldotisbeckettyringhamaboutabout barnbrook realtyour agentsthe berkshirescontact usmenuclose buttonlog insign upmy accountour listingsrentalsrentalscommercial rentalsbuyersberkshire home buying tipslearn about the berkshiresnew to the regionberkshire real estateberkshire buyerssellersselling tipswhat is my home worthberkshire sellersberkshire luxury home sellingproperty listingstypes of propertiesberkshire homesbarnbrook propertiesberkshire landberkshire rental propertiesberkshire commercialberkshire view propertiesberkshire waterfront propertiesberkshire farmssearch columbia county ny listingssearch litchfield county ct listingscommunitiescommunitiesgreat barringtonlenoxstockbridgeegremontwest stockbridgesheffieldalfordrichmondnew marlboroughleemontereysandisfieldotisbeckettyringhamaboutabout barnbrook realtyour agentsthe berkshirescontact ussaved searchesfavorites
register | log in
my account
facebooktwitterinstagramfind the right home for yousearch field. start your searchadvanced searchmap search




it's time to write your own home story
           at barnbrook realty, we know that buying or selling a home is one of the most important decisions you’ll make. we are here to coach you and empower you, by providing all the tools and practical advice you’ll need to make an informed choice.
          our full time licensed professional experts have mastered the formula for success in finding or selling berkshire real estate: advanced market knowledge, a state-of-the-art international web presence, seven-days-a-week service, and an unfailing commitment to honesty. through our experience, integrity, and wide-ranging network, we’ve captured a large market share and have become one of the most trusted real estate companies in the berkshires for homes, land, or commercial property.  
          barnbrook’s conscientious, licensed professional agents work as a team, providing you with expert service that’s always respectful and responsive. we have two high-traffic locations, in great barrington and lenox, so you can be certain that when selling your home or property, it receives extensive exposure. 
          this is where your story begins. get in touch today to find out how we can help you write the next chapter.


premium membership
search faster • search smarter • stay up to date
register | log in
your account













luxury homes
discover beautiful homes with classic charm in the berkshires.
view listings









recently listed
view the latest listings to hit the market in the berkshire county area, and be the first to check them out.
view listings









view properties
search through a variety of homes for sale in the berkshire county area.
view listings









waterfront properties
discover magnificent waterfront real estate in the berkshire county area.
view listings









recently sold
view recently sold listings located right here in the berkshires.
view listings









testimonials"maureen was outstanding. she recommended vendors to “ spruce up” before we listed, priced well, used digital and target marketing, created a beautiful market video and brochure. i highly recommend maureen white-kirby. "     annasabinomickiewicz
26 pine crest hill rd south egremont, ma 01258
30 august 2024, 10:14 amcongetta    62 curtis st hinsdale ma 01235 in 2024    mia made our home buying experience so easy and stress-free. this was our first home buying experience. so we walked into this very blind. mia went above and beyond. walking us through the whole process step-by-step. she was always there for us answering all our questions. when we dealt with issues from our lender, it was never an issue. she always had an answer and a solution. she listened to us and found us the perfect home. i can't [...]07 march 2024, 14:08 pmmaureen provided excellent support and would highly recommend to others. she has great knowledge of the marketplace in the berkshires.she’s also a pleasure to work with. very professional!         highly likely to recommend|5.0    2/22/2023 - lagoglia  sold a single family home in 2022 in southfield, ma.22 february 2023, 14:09 pmmaureen is like a member of our family! she really took us under her wing as we moved across the country in the middle of the pandemic. she negotiated well in a competitive market, then moved mountains to get us settled and closed on an amazing property. people care about relationships here, and so it is no surprise that maureen knows everyone in the area and was able to match us with both the perfect home and wonderful neighbors.         highly likely to recommend|5.0    3/4/2023 - [...]04 march 2023, 14:07 pmmaureen was an amazingly great realtor to work with on selling our home. she was in communication with us at every stage of the process both before listing the home and during the actual sales process / pending sale process. i cant say enough good about her help, knowledge, and skills through the entire process. i would highly recommend her services.         highly likely to recommend|5.0    9/5/2023 - wjdesantis  sold a single family home in 2023 in tyringham, ma. [...]05 september 2023, 14:02 pmhighly likely to recommend|5.0         11/12/2023 - monchi  sold a home in 2023.    i researched a number of agents before deciding to go with shannon margraf and couldn't be more pleased with the outstanding service provided. shannon demonstrated exceptional expertise, guiding me through the selling process with a solid understanding of the lakefront market. her attention to detail, proactive communication and professionalism were instrumental in me selling my house extremely quickly. what [...]14 november 2023, 12:32 pmleslie claus van hise has been our realtor for several years and has helped us buy and sell 5 different homes. she is extremely knowledgeable with almost 2 decades of experience in changing markets. she has managed to get us above list on each home listed with her. she goes to bat for her buyer clients with a strong, sophisticated fashion. several of our purchases have been multiple offer situations and we have gotten the contract on every one of them. you can't go wrong if you choose [...]25 july 2023, 13:06 pm"it was an absolute delight working with you.  a true breath of fresh air.  you are not only professional and knowledgeable, but you are a great agent! you advocated well for your clients, stayed in communication with me and helped everything come together wonderfully.  out of all the closings i have been involved in this was my favorite! [end here]  best of luck to you in your career as an agent. reach out anytime!"     ~ barbara d, real estate agent [...]16 november 2022, 11:33 ami recently purchased my home with ginger alexander at barnbrook realty. i have moved several times over the years and this has been the best home buying experience to date. ginger made the whole process from beginning to end easy and painless. she went the “extra mile” to accommodate my work schedule. i had lots of questions after my visits and all emails and phone calls were promptly answered. most importantly, the answers to my questions proved to be honest and accurate.  i could not have [...]10 november 2022, 09:28 ammaureen is remarkably knowledgeable, thoughtful, attentive to detail and punctual, much more so than any realtor with whom i’ve worked. her personality and demeanor make what can be stressful in the extreme a pleasure, moreover, she is a model of respect of, and for, her colleagues.    warren sherman   6/14/22view more


recommended searchesour favorite searchesberkshire townsprice rangesberkshire single family homes<10berkshire antique properties<10berkshire view homes10+waterfront properties in the berkshires<10mt. washington real estate<10new marlborough real estate<10west stockbridge<10williamstown real estate<10alford<10becket20+egremont20+great barrington70+lee20+lenox20+monterey<10new marlborough10+otis10+richmond<10sandisfield10+sheffield20+stockbridge10+tyringham<10west stockbridge10+properties $1m+<10properties $250k - $400k<10properties $400k - $800k<10properties $800k - $1m<10properties under $250k<10view all




271 main street great barrington
ma 01230

info@barnbrookrealty.com
great barrington: 413-528-4423
get directions
privacy policy





