










coronado california directory - crown city - coronado island












welcome to the original coronado california website. 
    here you'll find links and information 
    about all crown city has to offer. 
coronado fourth of july celebration
  save the date july 4th 2023
the  coronado fourth of july celebrations begins on july 1st with a rough  water swim at 8:30 am.
on july 3rd there’s an unsanctioned bike ride around town starting  at star park at 6:00 pm
if you’re a runner, don’t miss the 50th annual crown city classic 5k and 12k runs along the san diego bay.
on july 4th “the event of the day” is the coronado parade beginning  at 10:00 am.


coronado california visitor center
the first place to look when you're coming for a visit.
  the coronado visitor center site is full of useful information such as transportation, accommodations, shopping, must-sees, tours, dining, annual events, recreation, coronado faq's, maps, parks, coronado history, concert information, churches, and much more arranged in an easy to navigate format. there is also a free downloadable visitor's guide as well as a coronado mobile app on their site. also in this building are the coronado historical association (below) and the coronado mainstreet chapter of the national mainstreet center.


city of coronado website
coronado chamber of commerce
coronado historical association and museum
everything you need to know about coronado's history.
        when in town make sure to stop by the coronado historical association. it's in the same building as the visitor center and includes a historical museum on the inside as well as patio dining.  check out their website for current exhibits, stop by or visit their store online, and grab a bite to eat before visiting the museum. 


coronado california coastline
aerial 
            photographs  from the 
            california coastal records project
download high resolution photos of the   california coastline from the oregon to the mexican border, free for personal use. this interface provides a quick interactive access to this project from north island and the mouth of san diego bay to the coronado cays.


coronado  magazines
coronado magazine
coronado lifestyle
crown city magazine
coronado 365 magazine
greet coronado island

        newspapers
coronado eagle and journal (delivered and online)
the coronado news (delivered and online)
the coronado times (online only)

entertainment
coronado has three excellent venues for entertainment. 
        for theatre goers there's the lamb's players theatre in the middle of town on orange ave., and  the coronado playhouse, an intimate, 100-seat cabaret-style theatre with a full service bar that overlooks beautiful glorietta bay. 
        
        then there's 
        the village theater, a state-of-the art movie theater that originally opened in 1947, was abrubtly shut-down in 2000, and recently re-opened complete renovated in june 2011. 
speaking of the village theater, there's a monthly screening of a classic movie. a schedule and more information can be found at the classic film festival website.
village theatre show times

coronado schools, public, private, adult, other
the image to the left shows coronado's three public schools, all within a stone's throw of one-another. go to our schools link for  high resolution photos of all three, as well as info about all the educational oppotunities in coronado.


2024 coronado concerts in the park
every sunday from early june through 
            early september there is a free concert at spreckels park. if your stay here includes a weekend
            this is a great place to spend sunday afternoon at 6pm.
        may 26: coronado concert band + laurie beebe and the electric underground
june 2:  big time operator, big band swing 
june 9:  the marine band san diego
june 16: the suenamis
      june 23: the dreamboats
june 30: nate nathan & the macdaddy-o's
july 7 :   ron's garage band
        july 14 : friends of buffett
july 21:  the detroit underground, motown
july 28: abbafab
aug 4:   sixwire and special guest
aug 11: cassie b
        aug 18: the zippers (starts at 5pm)
aug 25: crown town (matt heinecke) starts at 5pm
sept 1: it's never 2l8 (starts at 5pm)
coronado art association art in the park
on the first and third sunday of each month, year round, from 9am to 4pm, there is an art show featuring more than fifty top artists. combine this with the concert for a full afternoon of coronado fun.          
emerald c gallery
discover unique original artwork from creators from baja norte to southern california.
        live music during the summer on saturday nights from 6-8 pm
      participate in "wine and paint nights" on wednesday and saturday.
coronado arts
coronado arts is an online event calendar. it's continuously updated and the place to go to find out about live music and art opportunities. 

coronado ferry landing
        catch a ferry to san diego, shop 'til you drop, dine at one of the great restaurants located at the landing. there is much to do including a free weekend concert series.

points of interest
hotel del coronado



recreation
coronado golf course
coronado yacht club
coronado cays yacht club




sharp coronado hospital


  
 
 

 

   
kirstin green's custom mosaics
if you've noticed the "concert" mosaic at spreckels park, the "sunset mosaic at the cays tennis court, the "golf" mosaic at the coronado golf course, the "water" mosaic at the coronado high swimming pool , or on the coronado high school grounds, the "universe" mosaic, the "sweet piece" mosaic or the "math" mosaic, you know the work of kirstin green. she's also available for private commissions. 


 snailshots.com
x-rated seashell prints right here in coronado :-) 


 

crown city classic july 4th, coronado california
12k, 5k, 1\2 mile kids run
 

      george green
plugh@crowncity.com
      (619) 435-3633


         

 


 


