





jonathan's spoons


















































 
















skip to content

enjoy free usps priority shipping on all orders over $100.00search
































 

 
























generic selectors






exact matches only			







search in title			







search in content			







post type selectors











account


























your cart is currently empty!







shopspoonslazy spoonsspatulastongssalad serverswild spoonsladlessmall spoonsspreadersaccessoriesabout usour storyjonathan's storyguestsin-pressresourcesspooncarestoresshowsfaqcontact
search
































 

 














generic selectors






exact matches only			







search in title			







search in content			







post type selectors










account



























your cart is currently empty!









homejonathanshowsstoresextraordinary guestscontact 





home  

jonathan’s spoons®
savoring simplicity
embracing craftsmanship
my handcrafted cherry wood utensils have evolved over 45 years of experimentation in the wood shop and kitchen. use them on the stove or on the table. always made here in pennsylvania.
shop
shows
find store
made in america – imagine that!®


the leader in spoon design
delightful connection
jonathan’s spoons are all about connection. we connect your hand to your food. we are seen all over the country and connect back with your home. the delight we carve into each spoon connects your gift with the love you want to express.
cheerful durability
handmade at home with wild pennsylvania cherrywood. the largest fruit tree; beautiful blossoms, my favorite berries, providing the most cheerful wood. the best balance of hardness and flexibility for uncommon wooden utensils.
intentional functionality
intentional thoughtfulness goes into each utensil. from art to purpose: the perfect angle, balance, edge and feel of smooth functionality. simply the best wooden spoons anywhere.
small and personal
my business is small and personal like my spoons. we are prompt and careful, providing a heavenly variety. jonathan’s spoons is consistently ready to serve you the tools for your life and that special gift that is easy to send.our categories
form follows function

200 +unique utensils
view all categories
ladleslazy spoonssalad serversspatulastongswild spoonssmall spoonsaccessoriesspoonsspreadersfeatured favorites


 

blackened slim spoon 13 inch
spoons

$30.00



 

inside-out tongs® w/flame blackened forks 12 inch
salad servers, tongs, wild spoons

$46.00



 

honey stick
accessories, small spoons

$12.00



 

spoon rest blackened  3×5 inch
accessories

$30.00



 

lazy spoon® original 12 inch
lazy spoons, spoons

$40.00








featured in serious eats
serious eats suggests our spootle® in their article “essential tools for every kitchen”!  
read the article here!
spootle® 12 inch
$28.00
view product

“wooden spoons are some of the simplest tools in our homes, yet have an unlimited variety of uses and designs to explore. my collection of handcrafted cherry wood utensils has evolved over 40 years of experimentation in the wood shop and kitchen. use them at the stove or on the table. i hope you will enjoy the balance, function and quality i have built into every utensil and that they will serve you with pleasure for many years.”welcome to jonathan’s spoons®
from our hands to your kitchen
it all started the day i forgot to put a spoon in my lunch bag when i was working as an apprentice to a furniture maker. i took a piece of scrap wood and quickly shaped a spoon. i had majored in art and design at the university of illinois, and wanted to create something both beautiful and functional, which led me to explore working with wood.

know more about me

our shows


upcoming shows
american craft madedate - february 21-23, 2025place - baltimore, mdphiladelphia flower showdate - march 1-9, 2025place - philadelphia, pa
view more showsour stores
find a location by city or state
search location herealaskaalbamaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of coloumbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandshop nowsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasuncategorizedutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingalbamaashland gallery2321 old shell rd, mobile, al 36607, united states251-479-3548visit website 
view all store
testimonials
what our customers say
“ i’ve bought spoons, ladles and strainers from jonathan’s spoons over the years at the philly flower show. i love the quality and how they feel in my hands; they have lasted for years, getting better with time. the quality of the wood and woodworking is the best. but this year, i was amazed by the quality of their customer service. i was missing a part, reached out through their website and received an immediate response (on a weekend!) and solution. wonderful products, great people! thanks! ”
mb r
happy customer
follow us on instagram
@jonathanspoons










 


also see our moonspoon line
inspired by light, sculpted by fire

shop
spoons
lazy spoons
spatulas
tongs
salad servers
wild spoons
about
home
jonathan
guests
local stores
shows
contact us
find us
jonathan’s wood shop kempton, pa
mon – fri: 8am to 4pm est.
800.776.6853
spoon@woodspoon.com


© spoonwood inc dba jonathan’s® spoons
terms & conditions
privacy policy 



email* *first name *select list(s) to subscribe tojs retail site 24 i want to receive emails with tips, news, and updates. (1-2 per month)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact


×			





 scroll to top



 


































































