





btps

























 






skip to content





home
book sales & distribution

book sales & distribution

christian book sales & distribution
ebook sales & distribution
ebook creation & conversion
sales representatives
shop books


warehousing & fulfillment


pod book manufacturing
about

about us
contact us
careers


 













book sales & distribution





warehousing & fulfillment





book manufacturing





the baker & taylor difference






providing tailored sales and fulfillment options to high quality publishers
btps customers include any account in the book trade as well as mass merchandisers, specialty retail and wholesale customers, the gift trade, museums, christian bookstores and churches, outdoor stores—essentially any business that buys and sells books. btps sells to accounts around the world, both in print and electronic formats.
drug rehabilition





btps’ facility serves as the hub for shipping domestically
btps client publishers benefit from our centralized facility in ashland, ohio, which ships large and small orders to accounts domestically, and works with baker & taylor’s momence warehouse to ship orders internationally.





one hub combines pod manufacturing, distribution, and warehousing
pod manufacturing services allow for quick stock-ups or gap printing for all btps client publishers looking for cost-effective inventory needs.





no other book distributor can match the reach of our partner businesses
as a division of baker & taylor, btps collaborates with client publishers who benefit from our parent company’s position as a major supplier of public libraries and our unique relationship with follett in educational markets.







publishers
learn more about a few of the btps client publishers.















































                        all publishers
                    




featured titles





river of blood
by cityfiles press




the unseen realm
by lexham press




the interactive constitution
by bushel & peck books




giracula
by wundermill publishing group, inc.




the forest city killer
by ecw press




keep scrolling till you feel something
by mcsweeney's publishing








services















book sales & distribution
warehousing & fulfillment
book manufacturing



catalogs











news

little feminist
effective immediately, btps is representing little feminist worldwide. little feminist is a mission-driven publisher of children’s books that proudly and prominently feature under-represented identities.
posted on december 20, 2021


schaffner press
effective, january 1, 2022, btps is representing schaffner press worldwide. schaffner press publishes high quality titles in the areas of literary fiction, nonfiction and poetry and which focus on the themes of universal social concern and social change, such as health, the environment, issues of race, war, and other humanitarian issues.
posted on december 20, 2021


tapioca stories
effective immediately, btps is representing tapioca stories in the us/can only. tapioca stories introduces latin american children’s books to english readers by carefully selecting and translating children’s books created by unique and ingenious contemporary latin american authors and illustrators.
posted on december 20, 2021


feeding minds press
effective, january 1, 2022, btps is representing feeding minds press in the us/can only. feeding minds press delivers engaging and accurate portrayals of agriculture through children’s books that connect young readers to where their food comes from and who grows it.
posted on december 20, 2021


fern books
effective immediately, btps is representing fern books worldwide. fern is a new press started by kristina kearns, former mcsweeney’s publisher and editorial director, and daniel levin becker, an author, translator, and longtime editor of both mcsweeney’s and the believer.
posted on april 20, 2021


word for word bible comic
effective immediately, btps is representing word for word bible comic in the us/can only. word for word produces high quality graphic novels presenting christian scripture, with each book of the bible featuring bold and historically accurate graphics with the unabridged niv text.
posted on april 20, 2021


severn river publishing
effective immediately, btps has signed a full-service sales and distribution agreement with severn river publishing. severn river publishing (https://severnriverbooks.com/) is a powerhouse independent publisher of military and legal thrillers, historical and crime fiction, and action and adventure novels.
posted on 





contact us
contact btps








            >
                





voice
local/int’l: 567.215.0030
toll free: 888.814.0208


email
info@btpubservices.com


address
30 amberwood parkway
ashland, oh 44805


office hours
monday – friday
8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. eastern




 





 baker & taylor publisher services | 30 amberwood parkway  | ashland, oh 44805
                © copyright 2025 baker & taylor publisher services | terms of use | privacy policy


















homebook sales & distribution▼book sales & distribution▼christian book sales & distributionebook sales & distributionebook creation & conversionsales representativesshop bookswarehousing & fulfillmentpod book manufacturingabout▼about uscontact uscareers  
























