





home - miniature world









































































 


























 
    




home
exhibits
groups & fieldtrips
rates
tickets
location

















press enter to begin your search 




 











  



 the greatest little show on earth!   

































  





over 85 exciting miniature dioramas and displays





  



welcome to miniature world -- one of the most popular tourist attractions in downtown victoria, bc, canada. your visit here will be a memorable experience for years to come. you'll feel a lasting desire to return! welcome to the little people's wonderful world of smallness, walk down its road -- step into the story books of fact, fiction and fantasy. return to those fond memories of yesteryear, those childhood dreams and history's greatest moments! buy your yearly season's pass today! see the world's smallest operational sawmill, 11 years in the making.



  



visit the exhibits
























  



welcome to miniature world!view two of the world's largest doll houses circa 1880 with over 50 rooms beautifully furnished in exquisite detail.
experience the great canadian railway, canada's national wonder of the 1880s and one of the world's largest model railways.
visit the wonderful world of the circus and return with us to those nostalgic days when the circus came to town. feel the magic, the wonderment of the grand city parade, the big top, the wild beasts and the death-defying high wire acts.



how to get here




















  



enter a whole new world – only smaller!enter our time warp to space 2201 ad and travel with us in our avian 1 spaceship to distant cosmic shores.
return to wander through the enchanted valley of castles and experience the many great castles of europe then travel on to witness the changing of the guard at buckingham palace.
further adventures, tiny treasures and little pleasures await all who continue into frontier land, fantasy land, the fields of glory, the world of dickens and olde london towne of 1670.
special effects in lighting, sound and animation are added to create this miniature extravaganza that continues to thrill and delight the young and young at heart!preview the exhibits












  



years in business 50  






miniature displays 85  










see for yourself  



come see what millions of visitors have come to loveour location












  



what people have to say:



  “ynnek2340dwlandenberg, pennsylvania “fascinating place, displays are very varied, from camelot, ww ii, dolls houses, the story of how the railroads were built across canada, the logging industry and the story of the west, and the "big top" in so much detail, would highly recommend”   “newmexjagsedgewood, nm “...it was amazing! very detailed dioramas going from early history to space. our 6 year old grand daughter loved the fairy tale room and the doll house room. i enjoyed the dioramas on the american civil war and early life in the area with the traders and indians. fascinating, you could spend a lot of time there. highly recommend!”   “ron m “the displays are very interesting and intricately constructed.
the various displays are both entertaining and educational.
the highlight for our grandson was the variety of working trains.
i would highly recommend this attraction anyone, young and old alike.”  













 


located inside the famous fairmont empress hotel
649 humboldt st., victoria, bc250-385-9731



  









© 2025 miniature world. 
					   web design by a very nice site.			 













 


home
exhibits
groups & fieldtrips
rates
tickets
location







 

 
 
















































































