





















homepage - orange county library system

































































 








new? sign up for a library card >

 using the libraryusing the librarygetting started with the librarytypes of cardslibrary policieslibrary feesassistive serviceslibrary social workershome deliverysuggest-a-titleappsreserve a roomfaq search locations & hours my account

main menu
 books, movies, & moreclasses & eventslearning & researchlearning & researchbook a prohomework helpjob skillslanguage learningearly learningresource guidesarticles & databases by subjectarticles & databases a to zrooms & studios


quick links




					we’re hiring! apply now				



					melrose center				



					ocls blog				



					early learning | kids | teens				








using the librarylocations & hoursmy account


new? sign up for a library card >



 books, movies, & moreclasses & eventslearning & researchrooms & studios


 



					we’re hiring! apply now				



					melrose center				



					ocls blog				



					early learning | kids | teens				
















 
black history monthblack history month immerse yourself in the rich culture of black americans as we celebrate the accomplishments and contributions made to our country throughout history. libraries with heartlibraries with heart a partnership with the american heart association and hca florida healthcare. these hands-on demonstrations and our blood pressure monitor checkout programs increase access to vital health resources.we’re uncrating something freshwelcome to your libraryread more about what it means for ocls to be welcoming in a new blog post from steve powell, library director and ceo. 




 

featured upcoming events





feb 17
6:30pm





					podcast listening club: opioid crisis				



southwest branch 




feb 18
10:30am





					blood pressure monitor checkout program				



south creek branch 




feb 18
4:30pm





					blood pressure monitor checkout program				



winter garden branch 




feb 18
7:00pm





					buzzworthy gardening: attracting pollinators				



online 




feb 19
1:00pm





					let’s talk va				



fairview shores branch 




feb 19
5:00pm





					tea social hour				



north orange branch 




feb 19
5:30pm





					air-dry clay photo holders – two-part series				



orlando public library 



									featured classes & events >								







black history month




 



the tigerbelles : olympic legends from tennessee state / aime alley card.

card, aime alley, author.





 



black girl you are atlas / written by renée watson   fine art by ekua holmes.

watson, renée, author.





 



the black box : writing the race / henry louis gates, jr.

gates, henry louis, jr., author.





 



john lewis : in search of the beloved community / raymond arsenault.

arsenault, raymond, author.





 



dear black girls : how to be true to you / a’ja wilson.

wilson, a'ja, 1996- author.





 



first things first : hip-hop ladies who changed the game / nadirah simmons, [illustrations by sara gilanchi].

simmons, nadirah, author.





 



hbcu made : a celebration of the black college experience / edited and with an introduction by ayesha rascoe.







 



this is the honey : an anthology of contemporary black poets / edited with an introduction by kwame alexander.

alexander, kwame, editor.





 



the swans of harlem : five black ballerinas, a legacy of sisterhood, and their reclamation of a groundbreaking history / karen valby.

valby, karen, author.





 



my black country : a journey through country music’s black past, present and future / alice randall.

randall, alice, 1959- author.





 



the jazzmen : how duke ellington, louis armstrong, and count basie transformed america / larry tye.

tye, larry, author.





 



roots, heart, soul : the story, celebration, and recipes of afro cuisine in america / todd richards with amy paige condon   foreword by adrian miller   photography by clay williams.

richards, todd (chef), author.





 



when we are seen : how to come into your power–and empower others along the way / denise young.

young, denise, 1955- author.





 



crazy as hell : the best little guide to black history / hoke s. glover iii, v. efua prince   introduction by reginald dwayne betts.

glover, hoke smith, iii, 1970- author.





 



she changed the nation : barbara jordan’s life and legacy in black politics / mary ellen curtin.

curtin, mary ellen, 1961- author.





 



black in blues : how a color tells the story of my people / imani perry.

perry, imani, 1972- author.





 



carved in ebony : lessons from the black women who shape us / jasmine l. holmes.

holmes, jasmine l., 1990- author.





 



immortal valor : the black medal of honor winners of world war ii / robert child.

child, robert, 1963- author.





 



unbossed : how black girls are leading the way / khristi lauren adams   foreword by chanequa walker-barnes.

adams, khristi lauren, author.





 



isn’t her grace amazing! : the women who changed gospel music / cheryl wills.

wills, cheryl, author.





 



american sirens : the incredible story of the black men who became america’s first paramedics / kevin hazzard.

hazzard, kevin, 1977- author.





 



black women will save the world : an anthem / april ryan.

ryan, april, 1967- author.





 



aphrochic : celebrating the legacy of the black family home / bryan mason and jeanine hays   photographs by patrick cline.

mason, bryan, author.





 



twice as hard : the stories of black women who fought to become physicians, from the civil war to the 21st century / jasmine brown.

brown, jasmine, author.





 



historically black : american icons who attended hbcus / alonzo vereen   illustrated by gordon rowe.

vereen, alonzo, author.





 



i can’t wait to call you my wife : african american letters of love and family in the civil war era / by rita roberts.

roberts, rita, author.





 



the new guys : the historic class of astronauts that broke barriers and changed the face of space travel / meredith bagby.

bagby, meredith e., author.





 



blk art : the audacious legacy of black artists and models in western art / zaria ware.

ware, zaria, author.





 



black women writers at work / edited by claudia tate   foreword by tillie olsen.







 



where i’m coming from : selected strips 1991-2005 / by barbara brandon-croft.

brandon-croft, barbara, 1958- author, illustrator.





 



black earth wisdom : soulful conversations with black environmentalists / edited by leah penniman.







 



afrofuturism : a history of black futures / edited by kevin m. strait, kinshasha holman conwill   foreword by kevin young   contributions by reynaldo anderson [and 20 others]   in association with the national museum of african american history and culture.







 



beyond the shores : a history of african americans abroad / tamara j. walker.

walker, tamara j., 1978- author.





 



black folk : the roots of the black working class / blair lm kelley.

kelley, blair murphy, 1973- author.





 



how we do it : black writers on craft, practice, and skill / edited by jericho brown   presented by the hurston/wright foundation.







 



the first migrants : how black homesteaders’ quest for land and freedom heralded america’s great migration / richard edwards and jacob k friefeld   preface by angela bates.

edwards, richard, 1944- author.





 



for the culture : phenomenal black women and femmes in food : interviews, inspiration, and recipes / klancy miller   photography by kelly marshall   illustrations by sarah madden.

miller, klancy, author.





 



rocket men : the black quarterbacks who revolutionized pro football / john eisenberg.

eisenberg, john, 1956- author.





 



the black angels : the untold story of the nurses who helped cure tuberculosis. / maria smilios.

smilios, maria, author.





 



sing a black girl’s song : the unpublished work of ntozake shange / edited by imani perry   foreword by tarana burke.

shange, ntozake, author.





 



historically black colleges and universities’ guide to excellence / william r. harvey.

harvey, william r., 1941- author.





 



juke joints, jazz clubs & juice : cocktails from two centuries of african american cookbooks / toni tipton-martin   photographs by brittany conerly.

tipton-martin, toni, author.





 



black punk now : fiction, nonfiction, and comics / edited by james spooner, chris l. terry.







 



razzle dazzle : new and selected poems, 2002-2022 / major jackson.

jackson, major, 1968- author.





 



make your own history : timeless truths from black american trailblazers / joseph h. holland.

holland, joseph h., author.





 



black love letters / edited by cole brown and natalie johnson   art by natalie johnson   [foreword by john legend]







 



black tv : five decades of groundbreaking television from soul train to black-ish and beyond / bethonie butler.

butler, bethonie, author.





 



black writers of the founding era, 1760-1800 / james g. basker, editor with nicole seary   foreword by annette gordon-reed.







 



blackbirds singing : inspiring black women’s speeches from the civil war to the twenty-first century / janet dewart bell, phd.

bell, janet dewart, author.



view more



 










orlando gaming expo
stop by to play and vote on games made during the orlando game jam. mingle with local video game studios, educators and developers to learn about the amazing things being developed. 












orlando game jam 
unleash your creativity and join us to discover the secret theme and special challenges, form a team and plan how to create a video game from scratch over the weekend. 












valentine’s day
love is in the air! create a valentine’s day gift for your sweetie or stop by for valentine’s themed storytimes.







buzzworthy gardening: attracting pollinators 
if you want a garden buzzing with pollinators like bees, butterflies and birds, you won’t want to miss this informational event with the florida gardenista.







community office hours
join florida legal services for community office hours, supported by the enhancing access to haitian survivors project. explore legal services and learn about your legal rights.







melrose en español
el melrose center ahora ofrece orientación general, conceptos básicos de fotografía y producción de vídeos para youtube en español.







genealogy at your library 
whether you are just getting started on your family history journey or looking for resources to continue your research, the library has genealogy classes and resources to assist you.







rock the wrap: headwrap styling workshop
this educational and interactive experience provides step-by-step instructions on headwrap styling techniques. learn about the significance and history of head wrapping.







make your own basquiat inspired self portrait
unleash your creativity and make your own basquiat inspired self-portrait! 







prime time family reading time 
join us for a six-week reading and discussion program that inspires thought and conversation between children and families. meals will be provided.







ocls en español
si eres estudiante, padre o dueño de negocio, seguro la biblioteca tiene algo para ti. descubre todo lo que tenemos para ofrecerte.












early learningkidsteensthe melrose center

connect with the library
blogse-newsletterspodcastsvideos

contact us
407-835-7323chat with ustake a survey



news
news articles about the librarypartnershipspress releasesnewsletter archive

jobs
benefitspre-employment testing












































support the library
donatefriends of the libraryvolunteer

board of trustees
board of trustees membersboard meetings & minutesboard resolutionsboard of trustees by-lawsadvertised solicitationsprocurement committee


search



about
annual reportart & displayfacts about the libraryfinancesgoals & objectives fy 2024-2025holiday hourslibrary historyocls stands for equalitypublic records requestpurpose statement & strat planspecial taxing district informationtruth-in-millage resolutions






© copyright orange county library system
orlando, fl
all rights reserved

privacy policyaccessibility statement
 
























