




western chan fellowship zen retreats buddhist meditation



























































wcf










aboutabout the wcflineagelineagelineage chartchan master john crookjohn crookobituaries and condolencesin memory of john crook by ven guo dong fashiobituary by dharma drum mountaintribute by ken jonesashes ceremonychan master sheng yensheng yenvisiting shifuwill of chan master sheng yenletter from abbot presidentreply to abbot presidentobituaryvaledictory addressmoving the casketburying shifu's ashesbliss of complete cessationback from taiwan, guo-gurecollections of shifuteachersliturgywcf liturgymaenllwyd retreat centre opening ceremonymealtime ceremonialmaenllwyd mandalaheart sutra transliterationon pursuing that which leaves no tracksexhortation, benedictionheart sutradiamond sutradonationscontactscontactscontact wcf administratoravoid the spam folderlinksgallerymembershiphistorydocumentswcf documentsterms and conditionsconstitutionpolicieswcf policiesprivacy policyethical policy for wcf leaderscomplaints proceduresuppliesdharma suppliesmake a meditation benchsearchabout this websiteretreats & eventsretreats and other eventsgeneral retreat informationretreat bookingretreat feesvenuesbristol music clubleusdon memorial hallshawbottom farmst benedict's centrest werburghs community centre, bristoldaily schedulereading about retreatspreparing for retreatsmore events and retreatsonline activitiesonline activitiesmeditation groupslocal chan groupslocal groups mapbirminghambristolcardiffderbyshire dalesforest of deanglastonburyhatfield / welwyn garden citykentleekthe lizardlondonmanchestermid-walesnewburynottinghamportsmouthscottish chansouth devonswindonwarsaw - polandwinscombeother groupsresourcesdharma resourcesretreat reportsretreat reportswestern zen retreatsilent illumination retreatkoan retreatother chan retreatother retreatsdharma libraryselected articlesnew chan forumchan magazinefree booksbooks sheng yen / john crookbuddhist bookstorereading listgood readsaudio videonewsnewsnewslettersmailing listsloginloginset preferencesregistrationmy retreat bookingskeeping in touch









































the western chan fellowship






chan is the chinese ancestor of zen buddhism. the western chan fellowship is an association of lay chan practitioners, a lay sangha, based in the uk. we are registered as a charity in england and wales, but we also have contacts in europe, principally in poland, croatia and switzerland, and also in usa. our zen retreats and other activities are open equally to both buddhists and non-buddhists.






quicklinksnewcomers informationintroduction to meditationintroducing buddhismretreats and other eventslocal meditation groupsonline activitiesnew chan forummindfulness and mindfulness trainingmindfulness and counsellor or therapist training






zen retreat, buddhist retreat, meditation retreat, silent retreat






we lead a range of different types of buddhist meditation retreats at centres in england and wales. some of our zen meditation retreats follow the traditional methods of practice, and others such as our 'western zen retreat' include adaptations to match the needs of westerners. most of our zen retreats are silent retreats - read the retreat descriptions for details.















zen meditation groups
we have chan meditation groups meeting around the uk. visit us ask about meditation and the wcf. you will find a zen sangha helpful to support your practice and the cultivation of mindfulness in daily life.






online meditation and discussion meetings
covid-19 caused a halt in our in-person events but triggered a growth in our online events. in particular, some of our previously 'local' groups are now meeting online and are able and pleased to welcome participation by people who are not local to the group.
there are events held on several weekday evenings, and also weekend daytimes. visit our online events page to see the full list of activities.






lineage
our guiding teacher, chan master simon child, 淨宏傳法 jing-hong chuan-fa, is the second western dharma heir of the late chan master sheng yen of taiwan, receiving dharma transmission in 2000. our founding teacher was master sheng yen's first western dharma heir, dr john crook.
our meditation practice
our practice includes a variety of buddhist meditation methods from the lineages of both linji chan (japanese: rinzai zen) and caodong chan (japanese: soto zen), including gongan (japanese: koan), huatou, silent illumination (ch. mo-zhao, related to jap. shikantaza zazen or “just sitting”), and other methods such as counting or following the breath.









latest news



















 
				save the date - june 22nd for western chan fellowship agm
			





morning of sunday june 22nd 2025
similar to 2023, the 2025 agm will be held as a hybrid meeting both online and also in person at shawbottom.
this includes an open invitation to members to take the opportunity to visit shawbottom and stay over the weekend on a self-catering basis at no charge. an opportunity for socialising, for longer walks in the area, or whatever you prefer. if you wish to…






			read more of save the date - june 22nd for western chan fellowship agm
		









categories: 
2025
                
            ,
        
            
                    wcf news


















 
				newsletter 51, retreat programme 2025
			





newsletter 51 with retreat programme 2025 is now available for download.
this newsletter also includes a report on our recent survey, local group news, and advance notice of our 2025 agm on june 22nd. 






			read more of newsletter 51, retreat programme 2025
		









categories: 
2025
                
            ,
        
            
                    wcf news


















 
				wcf questionnaire - retreats
			





a questionnaire to help us plan future retreat programmes to suit you.
please respond promptly, as we will be analysing the results about two weeks after you receive this newsletter.
it is two years since we restarted residential retreats following the ending of pandemic restrictions, and we are noticing that retreat booking numbers are lower than pre-pandemic. clearly one factor may be…






			read more of wcf questionnaire - retreats
		









categories: 
2024
                
            ,
        
            
                    wcf news


















 
				compassion in crisis: buddhist skilful means
			





a talk by jake lyne on ecodharma, now available on youtube
this 23 minute talk opens with a quote from william shatner of star trek fame, the oldest person to go into space, who was profoundly shocked by the contrast between the beauty of earth from space and his understanding that life is in peril from climate change and loss of biodiversity.
using video clips to illustrate the talk, jake…






			read more of compassion in crisis: buddhist skilful means
		









categories: 
2024
                
            ,
        
            
                    wcf news


















 
				introduction to meditation, buddhism and chan (online)
			





western chan fellowship is rerunning the free online course, ‘introduction to meditation, buddhism and chan’. this consists of four weekly online 90-minute sessions led by two experienced western chan fellowship group leaders, david valentine-hagart and guy roberts. it is geared towards newcomers to the wcf, but those already engaged with the wcf and interested in finding out more about the…






			read more of introduction to meditation, buddhism and chan (online)
		









categories: 
2024
                
            ,
        
            
                    wcf news













more news
view more wcf news.





©western chan fellowship cio 2006, 2008-2025. may not be quoted for commercial purposes. anyone wishing to quote for non-commercial purposes may seek permission from the wcf secretary.
the articles on this website have been submitted by various authors and the views expressed do not necessarily represent the views of the western chan fellowship.

permalink: https://w-c-f.org/q1












retreats

view whole programme
marchkent chan day retreatday retreat
marchwestern zen retreatresidential retreat 5 nights
aprililluminating the mindresidential retreat 7 nights
mayinvestigating koansresidential retreat 7 nightsjunekent chan day retreatday retreat
junemid-summer silent meditation retreatresidential retreat 5 nights
julysilent illumination retreatresidential retreat 9 nights
augustwestern zen retreatresidential retreat 5 nightsseptemberkent chan day retreatday retreat
septemberweekend chan retreatresidential retreat 2 nights
octoberinvestigating koansresidential retreat 7 nights
novembersilent illumination retreatresidential retreat 7 nights
novemberwestern zen retreatresidential retreat 5 nightsdecemberkent chan day retreatday retreat




















bluesky
| facebook
| twitter
| youtube

accessibility
| uk zen retreats
| privacy policy
| cookies
| volunteering and donations
| site map

western chan fellowship cio registered charity in england & wales number
	1166162.
	
email secretary@westernchanfellowship.org
postal address: office 7511, po box 6945, london, w1a 6us
site designed and hosted by simon child ©1996-2025. webmaster@westernchanfellowship.org



















