


american pine nuts | fresh, wild, incredible | buy now and support our conservation efforts | pinenut.com














share
|


















home
story
tree
pine nuts
wild crops
resources
recipes
reviews
about us

store






welcome!


buy pine nuts
grow pine nuts
american pine nuts
help save pinon trees
pine nut values
recipes & raw food
pine nut oil
and much more...





best way to enjoyamerican pine nuts!





pine nuts – energizing superfood from the heart of american wilderness




we have tasted pinenuts from all over the world, and we can confidently state that nothing compares in taste, freshness, and goodness to our american wild-harvested pine nuts.
we proudly offer jumbo soft shell nevada pinyon pine nuts (crack with your fingers) and new mexico pinon nuts. we sincerely feel that they are far superior to any imported pine nuts for a number of reasons:

freshness. we keep our pine nuts in shell - their natural "packaging". this preserves all their goodness and flavor. our pine nuts are truly living food - they will sprout if you soak or plant them. by comparison, imported pine nuts have their protective shells removed to save on shipping, and by the time they reach you after months in trans-ocean transit, they've lost almost everything but their name.
100% natural & wild. you get our pine nuts as they come from the tree. absolutely nothing added.
fair trade. american pine nuts are locally harvested, supporting local communities and creating livelihoods.
environment. buying our pine nuts, you support american forests. for over 15 years now, we have been using the proceeds of pine nut sales to preserve millions of acres of pine nut groves which are under constant threat of destruction.
tradition. we have learnt from native american elders to respect pinyon trees and revere the land that so generously supports us. pinenut.com has been an online leader in new mexico pinon nuts and jumbo soft shelled nevada pinyon pine nuts since 1998, while doing the most pressing advocacy work to save these beautiful trees.

if you and i do not support our native forests, they will be lost. you might not know that while americans consume millions of pounds of imported pine nuts from china, there are ongoing efforts to destroy the remaining millions of acres of american pine nut forests! this sounds too incredible to be true, but it is so.
please make your choice:
do you want to see american pine nut forests
like this                              or                             like this?




we at pinenut.com choose living forests and healthy, local, and sustainable foods – and we hope you'll join us. we have been selling jumbo soft shell pine nuts from nevada and pinon pine nuts from the pinon forests of new mexico online since 1998. pinon pine nuts of the highest quality picked with fair trade, environmentally sound business practices. preserving this gift of nature is our life's commitment, and you taste the difference!
and we are more than pine nuts! we sustainably harvest and sell many other wild nuts (the hard-to-find gourmet black walnuts and hickories) and wild crops (including botanical certified witch hazel (non-witch hazel usp) and forest-distilled hand-carfted flower essences such as wild plum, wild bergamot, yarrow and much more). the bounty of nature is breathtaking, and it is such an honor to be a human being and have an opportunity to appreciate, preserve, and enhance this beauty.


share
|










home  |  
story  |  
trees  |  
pine nuts  |  
wild crops  |  
resources  |  
recipes  |  
reviews  |  
about us  |  
join e-mail list  |  
store  |  
view cart



© 1998-2017 pinenut.com. all rights reserved. terms & policies






