













home - the pagosa springs sun
































 




        sunday, february 16, 2025 
        

          10 °
          clear        






sign in


sign out


account



                  search                



                  e-edition                



                  special sections                








subscribe 















toggle navigation




main menu






home




                        local news 



                              government                            


                              business                            


                              real estate                            


                              wildfire                            





                        things to do 



                              arts & entertainment                            


                              food                            


                              calendar                            


                              faith                            


                              community                            


                              pagosa springs official visitor guide                            




                        sports                      


                        outdoors                      


                        obituaries                      



                        opinion 



                              artist's lane                            


                              writers on the range                            


                              matter of faith                            


                              writers' circle                            





                        columns 



                              library news                            


                              senior news                            


                              extension viewpoints                            


                              bird of the week                            


                              legacies                            


                              history                            





                        shop local 



                              business directory                            


                              classifieds                            


                              place your classified ad                            


                              public notices                            





                        send us your news 



                              anniversary announcement                            


                              birth announcement                            


                              birthday announcement                            


                              engagement announcement                            


                              submit news                            


                              wedding announcement                            


                              letters to the editor                            





                        web extras 



                              agriculture                            


                              automotive                            


                              books                            


                              business                            


                              education & careers                            


                              entertainment                            


                              food                            


                              gardening                            


                              green living & the environment                            


                              health                            


                              home improvement                            


                              kids & family                            


                              lifestyle                            


                              money matters                            


                              outdoors                            


                              pets                            


                              real estate                            


                              seniors                            


                              spanish                            


                              tech                            


                              travel                            


                              trivia, history & games                            





















top stories








lucero takes second at state wrestling tournament

							pagosa springs high school’s colton lucero took second at the state wrestling tournament saturday evening, falling to isaiah gallegos from jefferson in the first-place match. 

 the  …						









avalanche warnings in effect for busy and notoriously dangerous holiday weekend

							the colorado avalanche information center (caic) is warning backcountry travelers that the avalanche danger will rise to high (4 of 5) over the valentine’s day and presidents day weekend, one  …						









measuring up: feb. 1 snowpack below average

							i think we’ve all seen those movies where on the side of the road there are some people waving signs and hollering about how the “end is near.” 

you laughed it off at the time and continued with the movie, but now you’re thinking they’re probably right. i don’t blame you. it’s a scary time to be alive. los angeles was on fire again, and the snow is almost nonexistent for us in pagosa springs. 						












plpoa field, gym discussed at meetings

							on monday, feb. 3, the archuleta county board of county commissioners (bocc) met with the pagosa lakes property owners association (plpoa) board, with discussions covering plpoa’s proposed gymnasium, as wells as grants needed to construct a sports field behind the current plpoa recreation center.						









town council to discuss fourth of july celebration

							the pagosa springs town council will be considering this year’s fourth of july celebration at its meeting on tuesday, feb. 18. 						









pagosa springs, archuleta county remain most expensive places to live in region

							the town of pagosa springs and archuleta county remain the most expensive places to live for a family of four in southwest colorado, according to a study released feb. 6 by the region 9 economic development district.						






other local news






						schools, government offices and more close friday					


					friday's winter storm, which was accompanied by a power outage that at times affected 96.1 percent of la plata electric association's meters in archuleta county, closed local schools, government offices and  …				








						major winter storm to hit area late thursday					


					a major winter storm associated with a strong atmospheric river will bring much-needed precipitation to the area late thursday through at least saturday evening, according to the national weather  …				





						community foundation celebrates 25th anniversary, announces granting for local nonprofits					


					community foundation serving southwest colorado is excited to celebrate 25 years of supporting the nonprofit community in southwest colorado. 				








						lpea plans ‘coffee with chris’ events					


					la plata electric association inc. (lpea) invites cooperative members to meet lpea’s new ceo, chris hansen, for a series of “coffee with chris” events. 				





						archuleta county democratic club to meet feb. 24					


					the archuleta county democratic club will meet for lunch at coyote moon at 11:30 a.m. on monday, feb. 24.				





			read more local news			








   


e-edition




 




feb 13, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											





sign up for e-edition alerts






enter your e-mail address if you'd like to receive a notification each time a new edition of the pagosa springs sun becomes available!
* indicates required
email address *














 



   


   


most read



schools, government offices and more close friday




avalanche warnings in effect for busy and notoriously dangerous holiday weekend




pagosa springs, archuleta county remain most expensive places to live in region




measuring up: feb. 1 snowpack below average




major winter storm to hit area late thursday



 








obituaries








maurice woodruff

							maurice woodruff

sept. 25, 1939-dec. 6, 2024 

maurice was born in hollywood, calif., to june whitaker and maurice woodruff sr.						









joe bob leake

							in loving memory

joe bob leake

born oct. 6, 1944

died jan. 19, 2025, at the age of 80

born in lubbock, texas, joe bob lived in pagosa springs for 49 years.						









linda kay schoonover

							linda kay schoonover, 71, longtime resident of pagosa springs, passed peacefully saturday, jan. 11, 2025, after a long battle with cancer. a joint come-and-go memorial service for linda and bill will be held at the timber ridge clubhouse, 31 shooting star drive, in pagosa springs, colo., on feb. 22, 2025, from 10 a.m. to noon.						









william ray schoonover (bill)

							a lifelong resident of pagosa springs, william ray schoonover (bill), 75, passed saturday, jan. 11, 2025. a joint come-and-go memorial service for bill and linda will be held at the timber ridge clubhouse, 31 shooting star drive, in pagosa springs, colo., on feb. 22, 2025, from 10 a.m. to noon.						









john dudley snider sr.

							john dudley snider sr., of pagosa springs, colo., passed away on jan. 23, 2025, at the age of 82. he was born on aug. 1, 1942, in des moines, n.m., the eighth of nine children.						






			read more obituaries			


 








   









						sports					














lady pirates show confidence in regional tournament
the pagosa springs high school lady pirate wrestling team placed sixth out of 17 competing teams at the regional tournament held in gunnison on friday and saturday, feb. 7 and 8, earning a total of 76.5 team points.










pirates display quality team performance at regional tournament
the pagosa springs high school pirate wrestling team had four grapplers qualify for the state tournament at the regional tournament held in parachute on friday and saturday, feb. 7 and 8.















‘a great experience’: lady pirates end season at state
the pagosa springs high school lady pirate swim team capped off its season monday at the 3a girls swim and dive championship in thornton.





			read more sports coverage			














calendar of events






						mon					

						17	
					



						adult diy: polymer clay jewelry class					

						adult diy: polymer clay jewelry class. 1-2:30  …					







						mon					

						17	
					



						deepening the faith classes					

						deepening the faith classes. 6-8 p.m., pope john  …					







						mon					

						17	
					



						indoor pickleball					

						indoor pickleball. 10:30 a.m.-1 p.m., ross aragon  …					







						mon					

						17	
					



						line dancing					

						line dancing. 9:30-11:30 a.m., plpoa clubhouse,  …					







						mon					

						17	
					



						online author talk: lee hawkins					

						online author talk: lee hawkins. noon, virtual.  …					







						mon					

						17	
					



						san juan water conservancy district meeting					

						san juan water conservancy district meeting. 4  …					







						mon					

						17	
					



						the alpha course					

						the alpha course. 6:30-8:30 p.m., pagosa bible  …					







						tue					

						18	
					



						archuleta county board of county commissioners  …					

						archuleta county board of county commissioners  …					







						tue					

						18	
					



						archuleta county board of county commissioners  …					

						archuleta county board of county commissioners  …					













					sun				

					16				





					mon				

					17				





					tue				

					18				





					wed				

					19				





					thu				

					20				






 browse full calendar
		



 post an event
		




   


















find us on facebook

facebook



   










business






community awards winner announced at chamber gala
a festive evening was held on friday, feb. 7, where residents and businesses of pagosa springs were honored at the annual chamber gala and community awards celebration. 








biz beat: sherry waner, first southwest bank









december 2024 sales tax revenue up almost 11 percent
sales tax collections in december 2024 increased by 10.64 percent compared to figures from one year prior, according to reports released feb. 11 by archuleta county finance director chad eaton.



town agrees to participate in future nonmotorized transportation plan
on feb. 4, the pagosa springs town council authorized town staff to execute an agreement to collaborate with nonprofit organization four corners office for resource efficiency (4core) on developing a zero-emissions mobility plan for the pagosa springs area.



blm, forest service announce 2025 grazing fees
the federal grazing fee for 2025 remains $1.35 per animal unit month for public lands administered by the bureau of land management (blm) and $1.35 per head month for lands managed by the u.s. department of agriculture forest service.



chamber gala and community awards set for feb. 7
the chamber will host its annual gala and community awards on friday, feb. 7, starting at 6 p.m. at the pagosa lakes property owners association clubhouse. 





			read more business coverage			












education

apply now for colorado’s free universal preschool
colorado families continue shaping history, with more than 19,000 applications already submitted for colorado universal preschool’s 2025-2026 enrollment. 








community group hears school buildings report, discusses next steps
a multigenerational group of more than two dozen parents, educators and community leaders gathered monday evening inside pagosa springs middle school (psms) to begin mapping a vision for the future of educational spaces in archuleta school district (asd).





			read more education news			








government






								county approves letter of intent to purchase cornerstone property							


							during a regular meeting held by the archuleta county board of county commissioners (bocc) on tuesday, feb. 4, the board unanimously approved a  …						



	premium content 

								tempers flare at pawsd board meeting							


							tensions erupted at the jan. 30 meeting of the pagosa area water and sanitation district (pawsd) board of directors, where a dispute over the  …						







	premium content 

								commissioners discuss potential impacts of federal funding freeze							


							during a work session held by the archuleta county board of county commissioners (bocc) on feb. 4, the bocc discussed potential impacts of the  …						



	premium content 

								fire district board approves impact fees							


							citing a rapidly expanding community with increased demand for emergency response services, the pagosa fire protection district (pfpd) board of  …						








								county landfill to open on wednesdays							


							the archuleta county landfill located at 9179 county road 500 will now be open on wednesdays to receive trash. 						




								special districts announce may elections							


							election activity resumes this month in archuleta county as several special districts in the area seek nominations for director seats to be  …						










				read more government news				


 








opinion



						exploring the power of love					


					“so, when did the arrow strike?” it’s a question i sometimes ask couples about their encounter with cupid. my probe draws immediate smiles framed within a variety of facial  …				








						beware the trojan horse targeting public land					


					sometimes when i drive past the little house my wife and i bought when we first married, 30 years ago, it makes me sad. not only because of nostalgia, but because of economics. 

 we were young  …				








						a california wildfire relief effort					


					the los angeles fires erupted on tuesday, jan. 7. mysterious origins, probably the messy, overburdened utility lines, possibly arson, nobody knew — it just exploded, los angeles county and  …				





						entering eternity and the eternal now					


					i wonder. if i pray in the morning for the end of the israel-hamas war and for peace of mind and spirit for daniel who is suffering alone in his room from a stroke, how can god receive and answer my  …				





			read more opinion			








things to do

end of life education group announces upcoming speakers

							people interested in end-of-life education will meet the third thursday of each month at the community united methodist church at 434 lewis st.   

 use the convenient parking lot with the  …						



				read more things to do				




faith



						spiritual experiences group to continue spiritual iq series sunday					


					we are in month two of the “raise your spiritual iq” series. this month, our focus is “your dream worlds revealed.” 

 this complimentary program offers 10 techniques  …				





			read more faith			











						web extras					
















ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one

							(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …						









10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter

							are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.						









noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it

							noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.						









what are the most distinctive baby names by state?

							spokeo used data from the social security administration to find the most unique baby names in every state across the country as of 2023.						









the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents

							(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …						






			read more web extra content			


 







						contributed					













top 10 trusted sources to buy tiktok likes

							jumping into the fire that’s the tiktok scene is a lot like stepping onto a never-ending escalator of content—sometimes, you’re up; sometimes, you’re down. for many users just  …						






top 16 trusted sources to buy tiktok followers

							perhaps the best technique to boost and grow a sizeable presence on tiktok is to buy followers. if you wonder whether purchased followers will really become huge fans and buy the products  …						






smart money management: how to save money on a low income

							managing finances and saving money on a low income can seem daunting, but with strategic planning and smart decisions, it's entirely possible to make the most of every dollar. this article outlines  …						






buying magic mushrooms online: top 4 brands & 6 legal alternatives reviewed (2024)

							online stores selling magic mushrooms and psilocybin edibles are popping up across the internet, offering shipping to the united states, canada, and europe. are the days of meeting up with the local dealer over?						






elevate your digital security: premier antivirus solutions and cybersecurity tools for pagosa springs, co

							in today's interconnected world, securing your computer network is essential to safeguard valuable data and maintain seamless operations. as cyber threats evolve, robust cybersecurity solutions  …						






			read more contributed content			


 





   








                  457 lewis street pagosa springs, co 81147
                          phone: 1-970-264-2100





links of interest


              contact us            


              guidelines for nonprofits            


              subscriber center            


              copyright and terms of use            




get social


 



 











          © copyright 2025 the pagosa springs sun        

powered by creative circle media solutions













