ï»¿mind bluff: illusions, brain teasers, mental tricks & more!









thoughts & ideas ▼


brain stuff

odd visions and sensations
rotating silhouette illusion
mind-body "tic" sheet
clocks, paradox, and time travel
astounding facts about mental behavior
take a bath in neuropeptides of pleasure
mind stents - implanting "wellness" suggestions
official mantra list
jungian psychological type test
antiparticles as time machines
tricks with time
more astounding facts about mental behavior
the logic of the eye
the psychology of laughter
astounding facts of mental behavior - part 3



fun stuff

calculate your current date if your life were a calendar
biorhythm calculator
the hypercard illusion
neuro-art gallery: embodied cognition
self-reference paradoxes and conceptual art
mind reading tricks
persuasion technique to induce nodding agreement
create a 3d flipbook
minimalist art gallery - find the real masterpiece
on what day were you born?
a page of adventure puzzles
future trivia quiz
choose your favorite color
brain image map - point & click




mental tests ▼


reading tests

calculate reading speed
speed and comprehension
short speed reading test
more reading speed tests

optical tests

what's your visual iq? #1
what's your visual iq? #2
what's your visual iq? #3
what's your visual iq? #4
eye chart and vision test



knowledge tests

what's your science iq?
what's your math iq?
what's your verbal iq?
what's your trivia iq?
what's your web iq?
quick puzzle chamber

brain tests

synesthesia tests
attentional blink test
is your brain cross-lateralized?
left vs. right brain



genius teasers

daily anagram
four squares problem
day-of-the-week anagram
marble-weighing problem
ten words test
fast questions
crazy trick questions
visual puzzles
crowd motion test
pedestrian motion test
thought problem
who is telling the truth?
lateral thinking problems

ability tests

calculate your typing speed
word memory test
reaction time test
speed panel - words




online & strategy games ▼


classic games

chess - play beginner's chess on your computer
knight moves problem
eight queens problem
chess problems for lateral thinkers
checkers - play against your computer
memory game - ask simon
cubits - similar to rubik's cube
cubespective - test your spatial iq
peg solitaire - logic game
poker - a game of logic and strategy
jeopardy on desktop or mobile
unique block-stacking game
rubik's cube
memory matching game



fast games

identify the audio pitch of notes in sequence
shell game - track the coin in moving cups
word unscramble - unscramble letters to form a word
facial memory test - identify faces
play pool on your computer
count cubes - use perspective to count stacked cubes
image perception - detect the differences in pictures
test your eye-q - guess the number of cascading dots

original games

search engine prediction game
strategic real-life street game
brain dendrites maze game
crossword puzzles about you




more stuff ▼


odd stuff

true mental deceptions - illustrated
uncanny valley pictures of beautiful women
children's soul study
push-button prayer -- zen bender for the mind
quirky ideas about the outer edge (illustrated)
online tool to reduce post-traumatic memories
night reader tool to help you sleep
do you have "flashbulb" memories?
if you had 2 heads... (brief quiz)
time communication portal
monitor the intentions of potential killers
the seduction of the small print
mental rap sheet - odd bits on the brain



optical tricks

hand shadow illusions
optical illusions
the necker cube - animated
incredible sculptures and statues
3d-image effects
simultaneous contrast effects
super visual animations
spray-on stockings

blog posts

split identities and parallel universes
is the mandela effectâ real?
is lamda a computer-generated life form?
5 types of deja vu
the perception of time
bouba and meditation
embodied cognition and product design
will robots replace us?
the face as destiny




popular pages ▼


mind & body fun

create a fake phantom limb
tip-of-the-tongue state
an odd tactile illusion
is your hand elastic?
double-nose tactile illusion
tactile hand illusion

comics & graphics

future odds & ends
pun comics



mind lab

group mind experiment
fun with a.i. ~ chatgpt
brain seizure simulation
screening room (mind videos)
custom placebo dispenser
memory tracer

self help

fake it till you make it: 5 cheats
secrets for success under the mask
difference between pleasure and happiness
the benefits of nostalgia
time chart to boost performance
six appetite control secrets
seven unconscious power tools
nine insights for success
images to reduce pain
self-hypnotic visual pattern
the benefits of humming



about us

free updates
contact us
link to us
privacy policy
links

site navigation

search this site
what's new
sitemap
mobile site



click here to return home












quick links
optical tricks

astonishing  optical illusions -- each one  different, unique, and fun.


genius teasers
 four squares problem
 the object is to reposition two -- and only two -- sticks so that you have exactly four squares of equal size and no sticks left over.


day-of-the-week anagram

which day of the week is an anagram for a common noun? click here for the answer!


marble-weighing problem

a mensa-level brainteaser.  you have 12 marbles.   they all weigh the same, except one.  you don't know if that one is heavier or lighter.  you have a balance scale.  you can perform up to a maximum of three weighings to find out which marble has the different weight, and if it is heavier or lighter than the others. click here for the answer!


ten words test

what do these ten words have in common? click here for more info.


fast questions

four simple questions designed to stump you.




subliminal
 speed panel - words
 words are flashed across your consciousness: which ones do you detect, and why? click here to see the panel!


hand shadow illusions

see this stunning display of hand shadow illusions cast upon a wall. experience the subliminal in the sublime in these natural human art forms!




mind & body fun
 create a fake phantom limb
 experience the uncanny illusion of having an extra limb attached to your body. two methods in sensory stimulation show how ephemeral your body image is and how easily it can be distorted.


self-hypnotic visual pattern

stare at the pattern and make a suggestion. focus your eyes on the visual rhythm.


group mind experiment

test your group-telepathy with a random sequence generator. your goal: mental concordance with other web surfers.


reaction time test

simple test. hit the dots and discover your mental reaction time.


tip-of-the-tongue state

ever felt a word was right on the tip of your tongue, but just couldn't think of it? it's a strange, frustrating experience across cultures - and all over the world. it's an experience that can be artificially induced! here's how.


memory tracer

use this technique to see if you can recall the color of your crib when you were six months old. the results may surprise you!


an odd tactile illusion

all you need are lips and a pencil. click to experience this strange sensation.


is your hand elastic?

any yoga expert will tell you that mind and body form a connection. let's start with your hand. how  flexible are your digits? quick mobility test!


left vs. right brain

state the color of each word you see. this appears to be a simple task, but it's deceptive. your left brain struggles with your right!




speed reading tests
 reading test - 372 words
 short humor by samuel clemens.


reading test - 369 words

short humor by anonymous.


reading test - 259 words

short humor by stephen leacock.


reading test - 1889 words

fdr's inaugural address.




comics & graphics
 future odds & ends
 click here to see the shape of tomorrow in whimsical form.


when words collide

words can be deceptive and illusory -- especially in the guise of puns. enter a landscape of double meanings.






mobile version
what's new
search this site
site map

free mind bluff updates
sitemap in txt format

sponsored links...
northgate academy offers online high school diploma
ged testing online at excel high school
affordable online certificate programs at wti
turn essayservice into your academic ally. let experts take care of your essays and research papers.
  hundreds of serious and funny quizzes at quiz stop. check out our love and personality tests!  







-





optical illusions, brain teasers, puzzles, free games, riddles and mental tricks
-
mind bluff explores infinite mysteries of the human mind. our growing collection includes some of the web's best mental and visual brain teasers, optical illusions, word puzzles, and tactile illusions -- a virtual "workshop" of creativity! take a few moments to sit back, lean your brain forward, and start thinking. 






home
·
links
·
privacy policy
·
contact us




© 2003-2025 by mindbluff.com. all rights reserved.



-



