


mypottery.com.my - your complete source of malaysian pottery supply & wholesale supplier

















•  pots & planters


•  garden & pot accessories


•  specially mixed pallets







•  your account

•  your order history

•  enquiries form

•  print our catalog

•  terms & conditions

•  how to order






•  our company

•  our factory

•  our services













what's new




2025 new design


 


 




members sign-in









email address:





password:




 












































 








register now
 | 
sign-in
 | 
view  container 

			
		






    home    

potteryshowroom

purchasingarea

membersarea

companyprofile

contact us

 mon, feb 17, 2025  










 search by : 
 

-- please select --
•   colors
•   sizes
•   designs







  

























our categories



 
pots & planters






 

 
garden & pot accessories

 

 
specially mixed pallets













welcome








 






welcome to mypottery, the portal of malaysian pottery supply and indoor & outdoor garden pottery for wholesale to the trade only. 
we manufacture and distribute wide variety of high-fired, frost resistant, all weather outdoor garden pottery & planters with different shape styles, latest colors, unique designs and glazed finishes! 
from garden accessories all the way to varies kind of indoor & outdoor garden pots & planters, 
we've got it all! 









our customers








 






our range of garden pottery is targeting for distributors, importers, wholesalers, chain/department stores, nurseries and garden centers. please check out our categories in pottery showroom for an 
overview of our malaysian pottery supply and find out how mypottery can provide you 
with the most efficient service, along with the highest quality of malaysian pottery available.











member's benefits








 






as a mypottery member, you have access to our e-purchasing system
that not only reduce the amount of time it takes to actually place your purchase order 
through our purchasing area, but also provide you with the ability to 
view your order history; track you ordering process 
and status; create your own personal pallet that allowing you to mix different items, colors and designs in a single pallet.










register now








 







register as mypottery member and you will be able to:
get instant price quotation for your requested items.
place your purchase order through our purchasing area.
track your ordering process and status.
create your own personal pallet by mixing different items.
direct your enquiries to our member services.



























© 2025 my pottery (m) sdn. bhd. all rights reserved.                             
	
copyright |
privacy policy
	                             
	





