

















general information on mazatlan


general information on mazatlan





if you want to travel to mazatlán for a vacation
  you wo't forget, you've found the place with all the mazatlán travel
  and vacation information you could ask for.















who is this beauty?
 she was a cheerleader for the
      2002 marathon.  i think she went on to become miss sinaloa a
      few years later.  sinaloa is known for its beautiful women, and
      after living here for 18 years i can honestly say it is no
      exaggeration.
    

mazatlán, 
    the pearl of the pacific, is a wonderful seaside resort that nadine
    and i lived in from 1991 until 2009.
    mazatlán is an ancient nahuatl word for "land of the deer" and in fact
    the mazatlán baseball team is called the "venados," which is spanish
    for deer.  

    i discovered mazatlán almost by accident. nadine had been coming
    here since she was a young girl, and brought me down here on a
    vacation.  we both got very depressed the day before we had to leave,
    and swore we would return.  the next year we came back, built a house,
    and are presently living happily ever after.  the following web pages
    will try to convey to you why we have chosen to settle down in
    mazatlán, and hopefully entice you to come down for a visit and give
    mazatlán a try for yourself.  

    let's start with some 
    
sights


images of mazatlán

        these are some pictures i took of our neighborhood, and some
        notable sights. i have sacrificed resolution for fast downloading,
        so do not worry, you will not wait for 20 minutes for a picture of
      some sand. 


    and
    
sounds

the puma of sinaloa, typical music of mazatlán
singing the first 30 seconds of el navegante. this is the kind
      of music you hear all the time in mazatlán. a band just would not
      be a band without a tuba!


    of our wonderful city, and then proceed to learn a little about

    
the history of the city of mazatlán
    did you know that the united states army once captured and occupied
    mexico city?

    most people come here in the winter for
    
the climate.

    want to get your bearings? check out a couple of 
    
maps,

mazatlán maps
these are the best maps of mazatlán available, if i do say
      so myself. after buying a new gps toy, i had to justify
      spending all that money so i drove all around the area, wrote
      some little perl scripts, and generated the maps you will find
      here. enjoy!


    one of the golden zone and the other of downtown mazatlán.

    find practical
    information about mazatlán, such as what travel
    documents you need.  what about electricity, water, guns, and
    alcohol?  bringing down your pets, or even getting married down
    here.

    

    there are more things to do
    in mazatlán than you can get to in a week, and that's not even
    counting doing nothing, and there just might be a special event going on
    while you are here. 

    
    want to be entertained?  there are plenty of things to see too. bullfights,
    baseball, cliff divers, art galleries and more.  when you are
    ready to leave, be sure to visit the butcher shop at the
    mercado. 

    been there, done that?  try some of these places that are off 
    the beaten path!









    some of our favorite places to
    eat, and why.  you can get any kind of food here, as
    long a it is mexican. (just kidding)  the range of food is
    very wide, from mcdonald's to beachfront palaces with waiters
    in tuxedos.

    
    bring these coupons down
    to mazatlán and get free drinks, discounts, and more from our local merchants.

     interested in retiring in mazatlán? find
    out more about medical care, home prices, owning property,
    etc.  
  
    if you are easily amused, take a look at some of my favorite "only in mexico" stories 

    or if you are a little more analytical, 
    you can check out 
    some articles i have written for the 
    pacific pearl, which try to explain the world around us.  

     i've been collecting some snippets of mexican culture, which you
    might enjoy.

    

looking for a place to stay? 
    

before you book that hotel reservation, you really owe it to
      yourself to check these out. they are all owned by private
      individuals, and i have personally checked each of them out. if
      you like one, you can check the availability and make a
      reservation right here online. also, attention rental owners!!
      you can have your property listed here. see
      http://www.maztravel.com/owners.html for more info.

    try out some lovely vacation rentals that they do't tell you about in the
    guidebooks.


    feeling a little blue, and can't afford a thorough checkup in the us?
    you can get a 
    
first class medical checkup

resomaz - medical imaging
sometimes your insurance just refuses to pay for a test that
      i am sure i need, so i wind up paying for it myself and fighting
      with them for years, usually to no avail. well, now i have a
      better solution. get a complete medical workup with a highly
      skilled doctor and get to the bottom of what ails you. sure, you
      do not come on vacation to go to doctors, but it just might be
      the best vacation of your life if you take the time to do
      it.
    .

    
    how about some more pictures?  these 
    are aerial views of mazatlán shot from the top of the el cid
    hotel, and 
    these are images of
    mazatlán as it was a long long time ago!

    
    if you need a doctor, a vet, a realtor, an architect, or a jeweler,
    we can personally recommend 
    
these people

good people
whenever you are new to an area, the biggest problem is
      knowing whom to trust. well, we have just taken that burden off
      your shoulders. we have had extensive dealings with all of these
      people, and can recommend them as being honest, forthright, and
      all around good folk. so if you are looking for an architect,
      real estate agent, family doctor, plastic surgeon, veternarian,
      jeweler, dentist, hair stylist, insurance agent, attorney,
      pharmacist, or teacher, we can point you in the right
      direction


    read the answers to the most 
    before you ask.  have you found every morsel of information?  check out
    our site map and see.

    
read what your fellow
    travelers have to say about mazatlán and our humble
    online info.  

    
    have you found our info helpful?  are you
    looking for a way to say 

    
thank you, nadine and henry,

do a good deed
now we would not ask you for anything for ourselves, but if
      you feel this site has been helpful to you we would appreciate
      it if you showed your support by making a donation to an
      organzation we started here a few years ago, called los amigos
      de los animales. with your help we have managed to set up an
      animal shelter where sick and abandoned animals can receive
      quality care. please, i am sure a few dollars donated fro you
      will not change your lifestyle, but it will help the suffering
      cats and dogs of mazatlán.


    the laxen family album - 
    few photos of the wife, the kids and me.  just the thing to bore
    your friends with.  i can see you yawning already.

    




    if you're curious about where we
    live, we cordially invite you to visit our homes.

    still have't had enough, 
    try these links
    to other mazatlán resources.

    you can now 
    
search

before you send that email
this site contains more than ten megabytes of information
      about mazatlán. chances are, your question has already been
      asked and answered. so before you take the time and trouble to
      fire off that email, why not try the faq (frequently asked
      questions) or the search feature first. you will probably get
      your answer a lot sooner if you do.



    these pages to find specific information fast!
    have a gripe or a recommendation? 
     send us a comment here!

     visit some local
    businesses that nadine and i recommend and tell us what you think.

    

    some friends of mine have gone through a lot of trouble writing
    
    some books about mazatlán
    that you really should consider reading.

  

quote of the day:
democracy substitues the
  election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt
  few.

george bernard shaw



 sitemap 
 go up to home page of nadine loves henry
 go back to play some fun "party games"
 descend to images of mazatlan -1-




