






 






citrus magic | natural air fresheners sprays solids pet odor cleaners




















































 



















skip to content



faq     find the magic     the magic touch
join the club
facebook page opens in new windowpinterest page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window


citrus magic
air fresheners & odor eliminating products


products odor solutions reviews 




 
home products odor solutions reviews faq find the magic join the club the magic touch 










there’s magic
in the air!
and some science. 
							packed with the same powerful odor eliminators that make peeling a ripe orange so refreshing, citrus magic combines the science of nature with the sparkle of clean fragrances that don’t overpower your nose. we can’t cram the whole orchard into one spritz, but we sure can take you there for a few magical moments. 
							
find the magic 
							

 

















there’s magic
in the air!
and some science.


packed with the same powerful odor eliminators that make peeling a ripe orange so refreshing, citrus magic combines the science of nature with the sparkle of clean fragrances that don’t overpower your nose. we can’t cram the whole orchard into one spritz, but we sure can take you there for a few magical moments.


find the magic





get back to fresh


from old dogs to old cars, our just-plain-fresh formulas will make your life smell a little brighter. drop ‘em here, spritz ‘em there; no matter your space or odor issue, citrus magic has a fix.


smell the solutions





good scents all around


what’s your favorite smell? floral or fruity? clean and green or deep and delicious? from original invigorating citrus to soothing lavender (and everything between), we’ve got the right scent to fit just right in your life—and your nose.


meet your matchsimple magic





breathe easy


no complex chemicals no one can pronounce. just the power of citrus, pure and potent.








nature forward. science driven.


inside that can is a bag full of nothing but active-ingredient freshness—not water and propellants, like other brands. for us, non-aerosol is the way to be, so that crisp, clean scent is all you’re inhaling.








one little spritz.
long-lasting freshness.


citrus magic spray’s formula features 100% active citrus ingredients (d-limonene, if you’re feeling sciency), so it freshens up to 4x times longer with a single spritz.








find your own
private orchard


visit a retailer near you to smell the science and experience the magic.


find the magic





fresh reviews


we’re not creating world peace, but we are making lives better, one scent at a time. read about our customers’ most magical experiences with our products.


see your comments
















beaumont products
1540 big shanty drive
kennesaw, ga 30144
(800) 451-7096newsletter signupfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowpinterest page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowthe beaumont brands veggie wash
essentials by clearly natural
citrus ii
trewax

 grease monkey wipes
bite me not!
hero clean
flavors

more informationproductsodor solutionsreviewsfaqfind the magiccontact usingredients 







privacy policy | terms & conditions | secure website confirmation


copyright ©2025 beaumont products, inc. all rights reserved.








go to top






















































