 








home























 







 













 






wednesday, february 19, 2025
 






 

 





 











 

 




home






about

 






back




message from the director






history






executive board & staff






privacy policy












members

 






back




trade unions






contractor associations












union apprenticeships

 






back




apprenticeships

 






back




boilermakers






bricklayer






cement mason






commercial carpenter






drywall finisher






electrician






elevator constructor






floor coverer






heavy highway carpenter






glazier






insulator






ironworker






laborer






mill cabinet worker






millwright






operating engineer






painter






pile driver






plasterer






plumber






roofer






sheet metal worker






sprinkler fitter






steamfitter












apprenticeship application & testing periods






apprentice testimonials






apprenticeship contacts












students/parents

 






back




rates & benefits






cte & ctc programs






apprentice program vs. college






getting accepted












games






apply now!






contact

 






back




contact us

















 








 





build your career.build our region.
		

whether a veteran, high school graduate, college or technical school graduate, or someone who just hasn’t found their career passion – you can build a lifelong, financially rewarding career you can be proud of in the region’s construction trades.
		

learn more











joint apprenticeship training programs
		

regardless of your educational background or experience, the joint apprenticeship training programs offered by the region’s construction trade unions will put you on the path to becoming a skilled trade professional.
		

learn more











life-changing opportunities
		

the area's joint apprenticeship schools offer significant, and in some cases, life-changing opportunities every year. not only are these programs tuition-free, but apprentices also earn livable wages – far above minimum wage and equal to those of many college graduates – as well as health care coverage and pension benefits.
		

view apprenticeship programs



 


 






 








builders guild of western pennsylvania the builders guild of western pennsylvania is a unique labor/management initiative of the building and construction trade unions of western pa and local professional contractor associations.
our mission is to promote quality construction, provide a forum for labor and management to work together on issues of common concern, and to create career opportunities for men and women interested in working in the demanding and challenging construction industry. the builders guild is an advocate for the commercial construction industry throughout western pennsylvania and beyond. 

learn more




 






 








 upcoming application periods see which local trade unions are currently, or will soon be, accepting apprentice program applications. 

view opportunities




 










pre-apprenticeship training application 

apply now!




 






 









construction trades






contractor associations






mission



 






 








 



what apprentices say...











christopher hickman
4th year apprentice  roofers union


working hard and feeling appreciated after the job is complete...there's nothing better than that. being part of something that's long-lasting... when you look at some of these structures that are being erected in this city, we're a part of that. plus, i get an annuity, just for showing up and being to work on time. that gives you a sense of security for you and your family in the years to come.









chelsea duffy
2nd year apprentice  painters union


i was interested in this trade because i felt that i could do well at it. if somebody had given me this advice, i would have done it years ago. it's something you can  do to make a living for a lifetime. it's definitely something you want to get into.









 






 





our members








































































































































































































































































 






 













 







about us
the builders guild of western pennsylvania is a unique labor/management initiative of the building and construction trade unions of western pa and local professional contractor associations. 






 




    © the builders guild of western pennsylvania • 631 iron city drive • pittsburgh, pa 15205 • phone: (412) 921-9000 • all rights reserved. designed & hosted by vision creative solutions.
 






 

 


 





















