




indiana coaches of girls sports association














icgsa
home
scholarships
sports

sport poll results
basketball
golf
gymnastics
soccer
softball
swimming
tennis
track/cc
volleyball


all-state / academic

academic all state teams
all state teams


coach of year
conference

conference information
conference awards
conference registration


news/events
services

member list
discussions
sponsors / exhibitors
forms
jobs/games board
links
districts
administrative login


contact




























































academic all-state nomination form (on-line form)
academic all-state nomination form (hardcopy form)

icgsasports twitter

icgsasports facebook

icgsasports instagram

ihsaa calendars

remembering patricia l. roy - an ihsaa video presentation 



2023-24 icgsa athlete scholarship winners
moreschini scholarship (coaches)


join the icgsa ( on-line membership application )
join the icgsa ( mail-in membership application )
varsity package membership



welcome to icgsa

welcome to the indiana coaches of girls' sports association web site. the icgsa represents each of the ten girls' sports in indiana.  our membership is over 600 indiana coaches, with representation from all levels of coaching. 

 we are proud to provide many services for the coaches and opportunities for the female athlete.  our site offers all the forms necessary to nominate athletes for icgsa recognition in academic all-state and sport specific recognition such as all-state and all-star teams.

 each of our ten sports has their own sport specific page.  you can access each sport for information which includes dates of special events, specific forms, state and district coach of the year information, all-state lists, polling information, records, sport committee contact information, links to other related sites and much more. each sport is responsible for their page and the information they are sharing.

 the icgsa provides scholarships for coaches continuing their education.  the icgsa proudly presents $500 scholarships each year.

 the icgsa recognizes each state champion coach, acknowledges the district and state coach of the year, as well as presenting two very prestigious service awards.


 the indiana high school athletic association recognizes and supports the icgsa.

through the icgsa, the sport specific association and the gender equivalent association, sport proposals are presented to the ihsaa for changes and adjustments.  we appreciate the relationship we have with the ihsaa and all ihsaa sponsored groups.

 we offer coaches a full list of members on line, and the ability to sort by sport specific.

we have online membership registration, and the ability to pay for events on line. we also have complete contact information for our executive board members.

 we are organized in five districts, with three representatives from each district.  we have five officers. the icgsa has several auxiliary positions, including web page, awards, exhibitors, newsletter, mailings, and membership.  each sport committee has a representative from each of the five districts as well.

 welcome, we are pleased to be of service to all those interested in coaching girls sports in indiana.








contact info 
indiana coaches of girls sports

"founded 1972"


committed to athletic excellence


email us




a brief history
welcome to the indiana coaches of girls sports association icgsa and our website.  it is an exciting time to be a member.  for over 50 years the icgsa has been "committed to athletic excellence."   icgsa continues to promote female athletes in 10 different sports.
		a $1000 scholarship is granted to one lucky lady in each of these sports.  we encourage you to take advantage of the opportunities offered by icgsa and the information available to you.
 






© copyright 2011 icgsa. all rights reserved. web design by net-noggin.




