





adoption assistance - building families, changing lives








































































      apply now
      








      request info
      








      contact us
      









































close






          i'm pregnant
            














choosing adoption
embracing love, hope, and new beginnings through adoption.













birthparents faqs
all of your questions about adoption answered.













birthparent services
compassionate and supportive birthparent services.













birthparent stories
real life stories from mothers we have worked with.













intake forms
provide us information so we can start the process.

















apply now









request info









contact us















          hoping to adopt
            














our process
experience our seamless, personalized adoption process.













domestic adoption
growing families through domestic adoption.













international adoption
growing families through international adoption.













embryo adoption
bringing dreams to life for growing families.













adoption stories
real life stories of families we have worked with.

















apply now









request info









contact us












  gestational carriers
    




          about
        














meet the team
get to know our amazing staff.













faqs
all of your general adoption questions answered.

















apply now









request info









contact us














          resources
        

















documents











financial aid










from the blog







top 10 reasons to use adoption assistance
explore the top 10 reasons to choose adoption assistance.









the power of adoption
transform lives through adoption. build families, offer second chances, and strengthen communities. 












  training
    


apply now



request info



contact us










search for:






















building families,
changing lives

adoption assistance helps birth parents and families with adoption services that best fit their needs.



i'm pregnant



hoping to adopt














every child deserves a
loving family.

adoption assistance, inc. is a non-profit, kentucky, tennessee and indiana licensed child placing agency. we are dedicated to assisting children find their forever families, birthparents in making an adoption plan and prospective adoptive parents build their family through adoption. most prospective adoptive parents contact us and say “we are interested in adopting but have no idea where to start.” rest assured that adoption assistance is here to lead you through the process and assist you every step of the way. the adoption assistance team is passionate about building families, changing lives.


learn more





how can we
best serve you?






i'm pregnant
many women facing an unplanned pregnancy are not sure if they are ready to parent and might feel alone in this process. that shouldn't be the case. we are here for you.

learn more









hoping to adopt?
through adoption assistance, families can adopt a child domestically or internationally. we have over 20 years of experience placing children with loving homes.

learn more









gestational carrier
gestational carriers  give a gift that no one else can. you're giving loving people the chance to start a family of their own when they're incapable of doing so themselves.

learn more









how does the adoption
process work?

so, you have decided to adopt a child? what a wonderful, happy time in your life! you have just made one of the best life decisions you’ll ever make! while deciding to adopt is a joyous time, beginning the adoption process can be stressful and frightening. we are here to help.


get started





useful information
and resources 






top 10 reasons you should use adoption assistance

learn more









resources to assist you in financing your adoption

learn more









legal documents and our suggested reading list

learn more










people
love
working with us

 



five years ago we were blessed to use adoption assistance in conjunction with american adoptions to bring our son into our home. the social worker was so kind and attentive and helped to guide our adoption process. we are blessed to still see the way adoption assistance continues to work to bring families together.









        niki a.
    
 




adoption assistance is amazing and helped us complete our family in 2017. we were home study approved in january of 2017 and, through the awesome networking they do with agencies and adoption attorneys, we brought our little guy home in april of the same year! julie is outstanding and very attentive and was there with us every step of the way









        adriane m.
    
 




there are no words to express the gratitude i have for adoption assistance. they are honest, hard working, detail oriented, and just simply a blessing. lisa mosley has worked and helped us from domestic situations to international processes. she is a joy to work with and her kindness and understanding are unmatched. thank you adoption assistance!









        lauren h.
    
 




adoption assistance has helped us complete multiple adoptions. they are compassionate, kind, professional and caring. they take time to answer questions and provide insight and reassurance. we have nothing but great things to say about adoption assistance!









        beth a.
    
 







































frequently
asked questions.

the adoption process can certainly bring forth a lot of questions. we are always here to help you but in the meantime check out these faqs.




do many people adopt children?










yes! there are over 1.5 million adopted children in the united states. from 1999-2011 alone, there were 233,934 children adopted from countries outside the u.s.. the number of domestic adoptions occurring each year is unknown due to difficulty of obtaining those statistics. we do know that in the last ten years, the number of families adopting in the united states has almost doubled.







how do we start the adoption process?










the first thing you need to do is talk with one of our staff members. we can discuss your dreams and help you formulate a plan. if you decide to adopt, we can give you a step by step plan outlining the entire adoption process.







why should we choose adoption assistance, inc. to help us with an adoption?










we offer you more than your typical adoption agency. we assist our clients every step of the way, from help choosing the type of adoption you would like, to completion of the necessary paperwork that will help ensure your adoption placement proceeds smoothly.you will also receive the lowest overall fees in the state. there is no hidden expense for mileage or country specific document preparation.we also will complete all home studies within 2-3 weeks after we meet with you and you provide us with the necessary documents.adoption assistance, inc has 100% customer satisfaction. in fact, our clients have been so pleased with our assistance, client referrals are our number one way of attracting new clients.





read all faqs












building families, changing lives




office locations

louisville, ky

173 sears ave #267louisville, ky 40207(502) 254-2425adoption@adoptionassistance.com

danville, ky

p.o box 2210danville, ky 40422(859) 319-6075

nashville, tn

512 s church streetmurfreesboro, tn 37130(615) 439-0959tn@adoptionassistance.com

new albany, in

2867 charlestown roadnew albany, indiana 47150(812) 670-5548adoption@adoptionassistance.com 



your adoption specialists

adoption assistance serves families across the entire state of kentucky. an adoption specialist located in your area will travel to your home at no extra mileage charge!

the kentucky office serves the following areas:

bowling green, kentuckylexington, kentuckylouisville, kentuckynorthern kentuckyprestonsburg, kentuckyshelbyville, kentuckysomerset, kentuckypaducah, kentucky

the tennessee office serves the following areas:

all of middle tennesseememphis, jackson, dyersburg, and parts of west tennesseechattanooga and surrounding areaknoxville and surrounding area

the indiana office serves the following areas:

southern indianaindianapoliscentral indiananorthern indiana













non-profit 501(c)(3) agency

kentucky adoption coalition

follow us:




















copyright © 2025 adoption assistance | all rights reserved

sitemap | hosted by iglou | designed by goat502media

 






















 

