



karaoke scene magazine online • your complete karaoke resource for everything karaoke


























karaoke scene magazine online! - the most complete online karaoke resource, an essential guide to karaoke singing, entertainment, software, hardware, and special events - basically everything related to karaoke.
home | contact us | site map   







karaoke sceneyour complete karaoke resource for everything karaoke
- = visit our sponsor = -
 




homepage
what's new
karaoke forums
showcase

submissions
members
submit song

directories

club directory
kj directory
photo gallery
song search


events

calendar
karaokefest
songburst


sales


order magazine
premium membership



















login

username:

      password:

remember me: 


forgot password? | register






















    custom search
  

 

- = visit our sponsors = -


 


social networks

 


 tweet






ks newsletter




 



offsite links


command comfort

vocopro





 







welcome to karaoke scene magazine online


you have arrived at karaokescene.com, the online home of karaoke scene magazine (ksm) - the largest karaoke publication in the united states.
ksm is a bi-monthly publication (published every 2 months) and is the absolute best source of information about karaoke available. it is read by tens of thousands of karaoke enthusiasts all over the world. each issue is packed full of interesting information on a wide variety of subjects such as the latest karaoke industry information, improving your singing, making music/singing a profession, karaoke as home and club entertainment, getting started in the karaoke business, and so much more
our website is extremely popular with enthusiasts all over the world and is always among the top ranked karaoke sites in the major search engines. we offer many exclusive features for our visitors & members such as our karaoke showcase (where singers can post their recordings to be heard by people all over the world), the karaoke forums (stay in touch with the latest in what's happening), the club directory (the world's largest - just click to find a club or venue near you wherever you are), the kj directory (do you need a great kj for your club or any special occasion?), and much, much more!
and remember, advertising in ksm is the only way to reach the enormous karaoke market in the ever growing karaoke world.
we trust you will enjoy your stay and hope you will return soon.









karaoke scene magazine
		now available
    
* f o r    f r e e *










karaoke forums · latest posts

announcements

have a safe & happy new year!
happy new year, everyone!...
by sakenide on tue, feb 18th - 8:08 am

karaoke  discussions

wheres lonman???
oh gee, thats huge, he's been a stable on here forever! best wishes to him in retirement will miss his knowledge!!...
by buster79 on fri, feb 14th - 2:07 pm
 
showcase discussions

all comment history is gone
yes, commenting does and has worked (except those with browser issues) but the history of all comments is now missing.  no response from admin one way...
by starlyter - brad on mon, jan 6th - 1:08 pm

technical discussions

winamp
hiya     im using winamp on win11 as my karaoke software..but when i install the cdg plugin  it says its not loaded     in my plugins/output 

what am...
by silentkings on sun, feb 16th - 3:40 pm
 
the lounge

any good porn games that don t require a credit card agework
mistress hd videos fuck scenes with dominant women and
https://fatass-asian-street.fetish-matters.com/?mckayla-myra...
by ronaldwi60 on tue, feb 18th - 4:08 am







karaoke showcase · latest submissions


whiskey
{}
country
submitted by duston on tue, feb 18th



aint it funny how time slips away
{}
oldies
submitted by jay455 on tue, feb 18th



baltimore
{randy newman}
rock
submitted by singandplay on tue, feb 18th



smoke rings in the dark
{gary allan}
country
submitted by lindah on mon, feb 17th



outside
{staind}
alternative rock
submitted by p tucker on wed, feb 12th

 





.: visit our sponsors :.


 


















privacy policy | anti-spam policy | acceptable use policy | karaoke history
copyright © 2025 karaoke scene magazine online
design & hosting by cross web tech


 




 