





keyboards & pianos coverage | musicradar






























 

























































  






 








skip to main content






open menu
close menu





music radar













 
musicradar the no.1 website for musicians





search

 


search musicradar



 





 

 

 

 

 












 



artist news




guitars




guitar amps




guitar pedals




synths




software & apps




drums




keyboards & pianos




controllers



more 


recording


dj gear


acoustic guitars


bass guitars


tech


tutorials


reviews


buying guides


about us





 


 


more95k+ free music samplessmells like a rip-offclapton: "put it away"video games"who's jimmy page?"



when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here’s how it works.



 





 keyboards & pianos 








 explore keyboards & pianos 





keyboards pianos reviews











latest about keyboards & pianos 
















most popular breakup and love songs among guitarists and pianists revealed


by

ben rogerson 

published 14 february 25



muse group reveals what emotional musicians will be busting out on valentine’s day




artists















musicradar deals of the week: we round up all the best presidents' day discounts from guitar center, musician's friend, sweetwater, reverb, and more 


by

daryl robertson 

published 14 february 25



we've uncovered the very best offers on a range of music-making gear from the likes of gibson, prs, yamaha, fender and more




tech



















could this robotic glove make you a better piano player?


by

matt mullen 

published 11 february 25



in a recent study published in science robotics, pianists showed measurable improvements across both hands after a 30-minute practice session wearing the device




tech















"an enormous amount of fun with a side helping of inspiration": kiviak instruments wofi review


by

andy jones 

published 10 february 25



start saving for some instant sonic mayhem…




samplers















musicradar deals of the week: score £160 off select prs guitars, £134 off the popular novation circuit rhythm, and $200 off the pioneer dj plx-crss12


by

daryl robertson 

published 31 january 25



we've uncovered the very best offers on a range of music-making gear from the likes of novation, prs, pioneer, fender and more




tech















best keyboards for beginners 2025: get started with our expert pick of beginner keyboards for all ages


by

dave clews 

last updated 28 january 25



looking for the best piano keyboard for beginners? well musicradar has you covered with expert advice and useful recommendations from industry professionals




keyboards & pianos















unexpected collabs, behringer surprises and more: the biggest music tech stories of namm 2025


by

si truss 

published 28 january 25



we round up namm 2025's best new synths, controllers, studio gear and more




synths















someone's built a full-sized lego minimoog, and it's so good that it might go into production


by

andy jones 

published 27 january 25



although its creator put so much effort into it, he might as well have built the real thing




synths















behringer's bx1 synth might well be the biggest surprise of namm 2025


by

andy jones 

published 24 january 25



the biggest surprise is how much it adds to the original




synths















namm 2025: roli’s piano is a larger keyboard for use with its airwave hand-tracking hardware and music learning software, but is it large enough?


by

ben rogerson 

published 23 january 25



49-note controller has light-up keys, per-note pitchbend and polyphonic aftertouch




midi controllers

 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
archives








get the musicradar newsletterwant all the hottest music and gear news, reviews, deals, features and more, direct to your inbox? sign up here. contact me with news and offers from other future brandsreceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsby submitting your information you agree to the terms & conditions and privacy policy and are aged 16 or over.



















 



musicradar is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site.




about us


contact future's experts


terms and conditions


privacy policy


cookies policy


advertise with us


accessibility statement


careers



©
future publishing limited quay house, the ambury,
bath
ba1 1ua. all rights reserved. england and wales company registration number 2008885. 


 

















 
