






	nbmda home










































skip to content










join nbmda  •  

						login








































about



what is nbmda?


leadership


advertising & sponsorships


education supporters


professional staff


contact us





membership



join as a distributor


join as a supplier


join as a service provider


strategic partners


member directory





education & training



emerging distribution leaders


upcoming webinars


on-demand learning


uid





resources



research center


advocacy & government affairs


publications


channel connection





events



2024 annual convention


past annual conventions



2022 annual convention presentations


2021 annual convention presentations


2019 annual convention presentations



































who we are

nbmda is a trade association representing the leading wholesale distributors of specialty building materials for interiors including wood panels, decorative surfaces, cabinet hardware, finishes/stains and related woodworking production supplies.
become a member













annual convention

the nafcd + nbmda annual convention is the optimal opportunity to invest in the success of your business. at the convention, you have access to top distributors, suppliers and service providers.
learn more













industry intelligence

learn more from the experiences of distributor and manufacturer members through publications, press releases, reports, interviews and member exclusive data.
learn more













education & training

thanks to a grant from animal and plant health inspection services (aphis), international wood products association (iwpa) is offering free online and in-person classes through september. these educational courses offer information on the history of the lacey act, enforcement actions and guidelines for filling out a declaration.
register now



















education supporters






































view all














latest from channel connection

















insights •  02.12.25
pendulum swings from dei to 'belonging'
  by denise williams |  channel connection   

 there’s a common misperception that dei (diversity,...













insights •  02.11.25
2025 design trends: decorative hardwoods are always on trend
  a celebration of natural aesthetics and versatility  

  by keith christman  

 decorative hardwoods...













insights •  02.04.25
2025 labor market projection
  by susan palé | the workplace advisors  

 it’s a new year, and many unknowns are on the horizon. here...













industry briefs •  01.23.25
factories turn to tech to reduce forklift-related injuries
 with more than 7,500 injuries and nearly 100 deaths each year from forklift-related accidents, some...











view all




















hear what our members are saying
as a smaller distributor in a sea of larger ones, nbmda has provided a lot of educational opportunities plus a tremendous amount of name recognition across the united states and canada.
— don plunkett, vp, plunkett distributing

watch video




















 
find a distributor headquarters near you
view all








education & training
as the industry continues to evolve, nbmda is committed to helping you and your company maintain success.
view offerings















member benefits











connections &
business contacts
nbmda represents the movers and shakers of distribution in our channel. these executives are a wealth of knowledge and experience. 









education & training
education is the cornerstone of nbmda’s value proposition. rotating distribution topics are covered each year and delivered to our members through multiple mediums.




 




research
nbmda provides its members with an ongoing series of exclusive research reports and white papers on relevant channel topics and dynamics. 










view all




















north american building material distribution association
                        330 north wabash avenue, suite 2000
                        chicago, il 60611
                    









t. 888.747.7862 or 312.321.6845
t. 888.747.7862 or 312.321.6845
info@nbmda.org






contact us  •  
                        privacy policy  •  
website terms of use  •  ©  nbmda. all rights reserved.
                    




login













