home | first eagle bank 
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.   close alert   fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentfirst eagle bank close menu 

business


commercial lending

leasing

treasury management


products and services

managing payments

fraud protection





personal


personal checking

saving and investing

personal loans

safe deposit boxes

other services



resources


identity theft protection

managing your money

financial calculators

lost/stolen card

videos and demos


personal banking

business banking





why first eagle


about us


our history

from the president

mission statement



our people


bank directors

executive officers

loan officers

officers

cdfi advisory board



our community

our customers

our video

let's get social

locations & hours


dupage county office

west loop office

holiday schedule



financials and capital

career opportunities


current openings



contact us

stay informed



  toggle search toggle menu toggle loginclose search explore our site.enter desktop search terms view results
 close online banking welcome!log into your online banking below.choose account personal/businessecorppersonal/businessusername password forgot passwordenroll nowecorpusername password forgot password or pinfirst eagle banksorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. please upgrade your browser.play/pause 
in observance of presidents' day, first eagle bank will be closed on monday, february 17th. normal business hours will resume on tuesday, february 18th.
    together, we are making a
positive impact


our vision is to make a positive impact in people's lives 
 our customers, our community, and each other.

    
our
people
  
our
community
  
our
customers
  see how we are
making a positive impact

  


         click here to stop the story slider's autoplay feature click here to start the story slider's autoplay feature                     together, we are making a positive impact
by your side every step of the way
what makes first eagle different? the people of our first eagle bank team focus on lasting and personal relationships. we make your goals our priority, every single day.
meet our people    
$8.2 million
community  development investments past 5 years
  

2,464


volunteer hours past 5 years

  
$106.8 million


community development loans past 5 years  together, we are making a positive impact
community at the heart of each and every decision.
as a community development financial institution, we are committed to promoting racial equality with an inclusive and just economic environment that works for everyone.
our community involvement  
together, we are making a positive impact


our customers speak volumes.


explore testimonials    

    "first eagle was incredibly helpful to us in setting up a line of credit for our housing development effort. "

jeff barlow, executive director
southwest organizing project    "my worst nightmare with banking is calling an 800 number! you get tossed around forever before someone tells you they can’t help. first eagle is always a phone call or text away to help and resolve my problem."

ali syed, owner
jimmy john’s    "first eagle feels like a small-town bank but with big-city connections."

lisa mcclear, president/founder
advanced learning institute conferences    "first eagle bank is easy to communicate with. their personal attention is superior."

henry ho, ceo
ho brothers    "working with first eagle gives you peace of mind."

cindy scardinagreen valley golf range click here to stop the testimonial slider's autoplay feature click here to start the testimonial slider's autoplay feature let's get social
social media posts



our locations & hours      west loop office      dupage county office    sign up close newsletter sign-up   linkedinfacebookinstagram 




about us

locations & hours

contact us

stay informed

career opportunities

personal financial statement

holiday schedule






lost or stolen card

routing number

atm locator

zelle

reorder checks

switch kit






fdic coverage

privacy policy

illinois cra notice

ada accessibility statement

loan billing errors or inquiries

title vi and section 504 notice

terms of use



 back to the topnotice: first eagle bank is not responsible for and has no control over the subject matter, content, information, or graphics of the websites that have links here. please contact us with any concerns or comments.

 ©  first eagle bank.
