


welcome to silver lake sand dunes





































home


links


events


directions












recreation at silver lake sand dunes
perched between the shores of lake michigan and beautiful silver lake, the dunes offer a variety of activities for those seeking adventure or just a relaxing day in the sun. rev up your own 4-wheel drive vehicle and test your off-road driving skills on the dunes, or rent a jeep for a guided tour of the silver lake area. bring a picnic lunch and spend the day hiking and sand-surfing, or take in the all the sights of the dunes on a scenic dune buggy tour. if you prefer the water, boats and wave runners are available for you to cruise around silver lake against the backdrop of the dunes. cool off with a swim in lake michigan, relax on the beach, or visit little point sable's historic lighthouse. the kids will have a blast exploring at silver lake state park, climbing the playground equipment or splashing around in the swimming area of silver lake.
relaxation at silver lake sand dunes
after an active day on the dunes, spend a relaxing evening in silver lake village. dine at one of the many restaurants in the silver lake area, then leisurely browse the variety of specialty shops offering everything from candy to clothing. miniature golf, go-karts, paddle boats, bumper cars, and many other activities will keep kids of all ages entertained for hours. options for accommodations abound, including silver creek rv resort (just one mile from the sand dunes) and sierra sands motel; and with a number of convenience stores, gas stations, and other facilities nearby, everything you need for a relaxing vacation is all within walking distance.
this year, don't worry about where to go on vacation. at silver lake and the silver lake sand dunes, the only thing to worry about is having enough time to experience all the fun and excitement of west michigan's sand playground.








silver creek rv resort, silver lake's newest rv resort. a beautifully landscaped park exclusively for rv's, the resort has 181 sites with full hook-up, cable, telephone, sewer, water. for more information call (231) 873-9200 or email.






vacation station rv park a beautifully landscaped park exclusively for rv's located in ludington, mi and near lake michigan, the resort has 155 sites with full hook-up, cable, telephone, sewer, water. for more information call (231) 845-0130 or email.





wave club inc, located on beautiful silver lake, provides a variety of water sports equipment for rent. you can skim across the crystal surface of silver lake against the backdrop of the silver lake sand dunes, or enjoy a day in the sun sand-surfing, hiking, or relaxing on the dunes.




wet head beach shop -- check out the latest gear from wet head, tapout, metal mulisha, affliction, sun bum, made in detroit, sanuk, volcom, gopro and many more....now open at 1220 n. shore ave, right on silver lake.
view the video of our appearance on wood-tv.




silver lake rv rental - we deliver and set up in any silver lake campground with full-hookup. you reserve your site and we have everything ready for you when you arrive. please visit us at www.silverlakervrental.com for more information, call 231-873-5101 or email rentals@silverlakervrental.com




golden view cottage rentals, 3 beautiful cabins at silver lake. private beach access/boat docking, dune view, access to association pool/playground, each property has its unique appeal. visit us at www.goldenviewcottage.net for more information, pictures, rates or call: 231-343-8686 / email: tcarey@cffmc.org







live weather cam
<this web cam is currently not broadcasting. please check back later>












home | links | events | directions












copyright ? 2005, wave club water sports

website by deerpath web design










