










	 : oregon employment department : state of oregon























































































































skip to main content









an official website of the state of oregon
                         learn
how you know »
(how to identify a oregon.gov website)

an official website of the state of oregon »
                    







translate this site into other languages

















toggle main menu







		main navigation
	
homelooking for work?business/employer resourcesnews and mediaunemployment insurancepaid leave oregonagency information
















search this site



submit



close












back to home








                                        support business and promote employment
                                    




you are here:

/employ


















                                
                                oregon employment department
                            

 site navigation






our mission: support economic stability for oregonians and communities during times of unemployment through the payment of unemployment benefits. serve businesses by recruiting and referring the best qualified applicants to jobs, and provide resources to diverse job seekers in support of their employment needs.










					looking for work?
				

find a job/apprenticeshipjob fairs/eventsveterans servicesimatchskills register/loginworksource oregon




 








					business/employer resources
				

hire an employeefrances onlinepayroll taxes and contributionsappeals process for employersincentive programs




 








					news and media
				

latest news releasesinformation dashboardeconomic informationrequest a public recordunemployment insurance reports




 










					unemployment insurance
				

frances online (online claims)unemployment insurance informationappeals process for claimantsunemployment insurance fraud




 
 








					paid leave oregon
				

employee resourcesbusiness resourcesself-employed resources





 


















other resources:
earned income tax credit: a benefit for working people with low to moderate income, particularly those with children. eitc reduces the amount of tax owed and may provide a refund. 
   click here for more information.search our agency reports database: click here.  |  search our forms database: click here to get started.









































	footer



			contact
		employment department contacts
address: 
  875 union st. ne
salem, or 97311  


			links
		equal opportunity
equity and inclusion
discrimination complaint
sistema de quejas
  employment advisory council
 employment appeals board
 confidentiality disclaimer
disclaimer of hyperlinks: the appearance of external hyperlinks does not constitute an endorsement by the oregon employment department of the linked websites, or the information, products, or services contained therein.


			need help
		need help? | ¿necesita ayuda? | нужна помощь? | cần trợ giúp? | 需要帮助？| 需要幫助？| 도움이 필요하시나요? | ຕ້ອງການຊ່ວຍເຫຼືອບໍ? | እርዳታ ይፈልጋሉ? | ma u baahan tahay caawimaad? | نیاز به کمک دارید؟ | هل تحتاج إلى المساعدة؟


			about oregon
		




 back to top





















×

how to recognize an official oregon website




.gov

official websites use .gov
a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.





secure .gov websites use https
a lock icon ( ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website.



only share sensitive information on official, secure websites.
close







hidden submit
















your browser is out-of-date! it has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites. learn how
×








