












university career center & the president's promise















      skip to main content
    














main menu




explore careers


getting started


career exposure


how to gain experience


industries & career paths


pursuing a graduate degree


diversity & identity support


umd career courses


career resources by college


career advising




find jobs & internships


avoiding job scams


resumes & cover letters


building your network


search strategies


interviewing


internships


offers & salary negotiation


gap year opportunities


student employment




events


spring career fairs & recruiting events


event calendar


workshops


industry panels




who we help


students


employers


alumni


faculty & staff


parents & families




employers


handshake


handshake access details


handshake employer faqs


handshake student & alumni faq


post a job or internship – campus departments
















find a meaningful career
helping you pursue your ambitions and navigate all steps of the career journey

          meet with us
      



















student support












career exploration
how to get started
take a self assessment
graduate & doctoral studies


gaining experience
internships
student employment
more ways to gain experience


job & internship tools
handshake
writing a resume and cover letter
interviewing












          explore all student resources
      























a career you hadn’t considered
your career path doesn't have to be linear, and there may be options for you that you may not have considered. learn more about your field and the industry here.

          explore industries and career paths
       











who we serve
the university of maryland career center has resources for everyone.
















students
we’ve got your back with every aspect of your career journey. it's never too early to begin the process, so whether you just want to know about the resources available or you're ready to chart a course, let us help you!

          learn more
       








employers
we look forward to partnering with you to identify the student populations that best suit your needs and then working to develop a customized strategy to help you achieve your recruiting goals.

          learn more
       








alumni
there is no better way for a student to learn about a career than to hear from someone working in that industry. we can also help you change careers if you feel unfulfilled in your current position.

          learn more
       








faculty & staff
there are numerous ways faculty can assist students with career development. as primary influencers of students, faculty that emphasize the importance of career readiness inside and outside of the classroom make an enormous impact.

          learn more
       








parents & families
as a parent or family member, you have a significant influence on the career choices made by your student.

          learn more
       


























bring your complete self to work
myriad identities, skills, experiences and perspectives are welcomed by organizations for operational effectiveness and institutional advancement.

          diversity & identity support
       























94%
positive career outcomes (employed or continuing education within 6 months of graduation) reported by the class of 2023 





$75,250 
average salary reported by the class of 2023 





97%
class of 2023 graduates in positions directly related to their career goals (55%) or in a stepping stone role (38%) towards their career goals.





view previous stat



view next stat





















all data is sourced from our 2023 graduation survey report









i was offered a production assistant position with his affiliate with a film that he's creating. lastly, [my intern for a day host] told me that i could intern at his office and use the tv studio for any short film i wanted to make.


k. coleman
student connected with a media professional through the intern for a day program provided by the university career center & the president’s promise














connect with us!
be sure to check us out on instagram, twitter, facebook and reddit.
we're excited to help you on your career journey!
 







 

 
 


 
          

view this profile on instagram

 


 
 
 


 
 


 
 
 



 
 

umd career center (@umdcareercenter) • instagram photos and videos

















about our team


meet with us


blog


newsletter signup


visit


terp guide








university career center & the president's promise
3100 hornbake library, south wing
301.314.7225





visit our twitter





visit our facebook





visit our instagram





visit our youtube












handshake


terrapins connect


accessibility


privacy policy





back to top






