



paper dolls co-work space, membership network for women
















































































top menulog in
my account
cart
 





navigation



paper dolls
designed work life







home
primarymenumenuwho we aremembershipstudioseventsblogshopjoin us 


return to content





designed work life
join the paper dolls community and hang out at our paper dolls co-working studios, attend one of our events, connect, collaborate, be inspired and grow.

member login


join us


get updates

learn more





some member benefits



discounted co-work space day passes
view details





paper doll studio workshops
view details





private special events
view details





weekly curated online content
view details








los angeles paper dolls studio 

info@paperdolls.com





rachel margolisfounderfoodie substitutethere is nothing better than being surrounded by women who have your back!  paper dolls is a mix of intelligent, creative women with the motivation for more! each time i attend an event, i am thrilled to meet successful women in various fields,  discussing ways to support each others goals.martha bellomymarketing consultantpaper dolls is an overall inspiration to me and i feel it establishes a refreshing  take on providing excellent resources.  the office studios are impeccable as well as beautifully designed and not to mention, the caliber of individuals involved in the group are of the best quality.angie correaceoavalanche of loveas a new entrepreneur, paper dolls has provided me the support and network to pursue my dreams confidently and surround myself with accomplished women that want to see each other succeed.kristin kilmerfounderkristin kilmer designfinally, a place where women can feel at home at work.kim smitherinternational consultantpaper dolls offers both the environment and network to empower and inspire successful women.erin kapczynskivice president marketingpurchpaper dolls-what a great concept!   fills a significant gap for the startup community,barbary brunnerfounder and managing partnerpromoveo partnerswe are all better when we have a strong and meaningful business network that inspires and supports us.  i love that paper dolls provides this, as well as an exceptionally beautiful co-working space for women entrepreneurs.kristina romeroceokr media & designsi'm so excited and inspired by paper dolls, a community of women working hard doing what they love.





latest news



dollface mitzi reaugh of good looks
    what’s a typical work day in your life? being an entrepreneur is so much fun and it seems every day is different. our biggest focus at goodlooks right […]


                        read more
                    





dollface laurel mintz
what’s a typical work day in your life? every day is a little different. whether we are producing an event or photo shoot or working on content and social for […]


                        read more
                    


view all posts +







 our community is a dedicated network of female entrepreneurs. learn more about the paper dolls member network and co-working space.
 

 join us now
 







locations
contact
privacy policy
terms & conditions
press
| p: (310) 873-3329
 


subscribe to paper dollskeep up to date on the latest content, here at paper dolls. subscribe below.



























                


sign-up for clippings, the paper dolls weekly cut of business and entrepreneurial lifestyle news.


first name* last name* email*


 










 


































































