































first dental health

































      skip to main content
    










  discount dental products




  our networks





















for members









 

















  providing innovative dental network solutions with optimized savings




striving to lead the industry with "firsts" in affordable dental care.




  find a dentist















  quick links








nominate a dentist


contact us















  who we are




founded in 1995, first dental health® is one of california's largest dental network management companies that also boasts an international presence. with a focus on reducing dental care costs backed by a long history of creating and managing industry-leading dental networks, our purpose is to provide enhanced dental treatment savings.
















  who we work with




proven savings and reliable dental networks without compromising accessibility remain first dental health’s core strengths. through our network offerings and client relationships, we provide solutions that both help our clients save money and offer employees a strong, dependable dental network. whether you’re looking for a network for a self-funded or fully-insured plan, we have you covered. 




  dentist nomination materials




we help maximize every dollar spent on your dental benefits without sacrificing provider accessibility. we provide tools that encourage members to take advantage of available dental health services such as tailored provider directories and dentist nomination materials. these capabilities help continuously grow our network and meet evolving member needs.












  our networks




we’re committed to offering prompt and valuable assistance to all members of first dental health networks. we’re here to help—whether you’re an individual of a voluntary plan, group-sponsored dental plan, or an insured plan—through one of our contracted insurance carriers or administrators.







one of california’s largest dental preferred provider organization (ppo) networks





the first true exclusive provider organization (epo) dental network





mexico ppo and epo networks























  affordable plans and large networks




the principal® dental access plan is a standalone, nationally-available membership plan. this program offers immediate, predictable, and significant discounts on all dental treatment—without limitations on how much can be saved or how often membership benefits can be used.this plan focuses on the strength of the first dental health ppo network in california and in all other states by the principal dental access network.principal® dental access is designed to meet the needs of:





  seniors and retirees
  


  individuals and families
  


  associations or affinity groups
  


  small employers
  





want to learn more? click below or call 833-201-0142 for more information.







  discover more about dental savings













  reach out







  have questions?




click below to get in touch with us.







  contact us







for more immediate support, call our customer service team at:








  800-334-7244




monday – friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. pt




























  for members




  for dentists








  discount dental products




  our networks




  faqs for members








  already in network




  re-credentialing




  large practices




  compliance




  faqs for providers








  directory inaccuracies






  tol: 800-334-7244




  tel: 858-689-0904




  fax: 866-613-6381




  contact us



copyright © 2023 first dental health | p.o. box 919029, san diego ca, 92191









