



















warner bros. discovery | welcome


















































  skip to main content
















our leadership


our values


guiding principles


dei


esg




our brands


newsroom


careers


investor relations




menu






our leadership


our values


guiding principles


dei


esg




our brands


newsroom


careers


investor relations






wbd














 
















our company

warner bros. discovery is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates and distributes the world’s most differentiated and complete portfolio of content and brands across television, film and streaming. available in more than 220 countries and territories and 50 languages, warner bros. discovery inspires, informs and entertains audiences worldwide through its iconic brands and products including: discovery channel, max, discovery+, cnn, dc, eurosport, hbo, hgtv, food network, own, investigation discovery, tlc, magnolia network, tnt, tbs, trutv, travel channel, animal planet, science channel, warner bros. motion picture group, warner bros. television group, warner bros. pictures animation, warner bros. games, new line cinema, cartoon network, adult swim, turner classic movies, discovery en español, hogar de hgtv and others.




view all brands







 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












latest news

view all news








anthony noto and joey levin to join warner bros. discovery, inc. board of directors


        january 14, 2025




 












warner bros. discovery names priya aiyar chief legal officer


        january 10, 2025




 












li haslett chen stepping down from warner bros. discovery board of directors


        december 30, 2024




 












warner bros. discovery announces new leadership structure for u.s. networks business


        december 18, 2024




 












 warner bros. discovery announces new corporate structure to enhance strategic flexibility


        december 12, 2024




 


















 spotlight







 



the white lotus


new season premieres sunday, february 16 at 9pm on hbo and streaming on max.  






 



superman


only in theaters july 11. 






 



the pitt


new episodes thursdays on max. 






 



puppy bowl xxi


kicking off february 9 on animal planet, discovery channel, tbs, trutv, max and discovery+






 



companion


in theaters now. 






 



sinners


only in theaters april 18. 






 



a minecraft movie


only in theaters april 4. 






 



the sex lives of college girls


new season streaming on max. 






 



creature commandos


streaming on max. 

















work with us




the makers, the storytellers, the world's greatest creators. we're bringing together the scripted and the unscripted, the local and the global, the timely and the timeless. taking the world's greatest possibilities and making them a reality. creating impact, inspiring imagination, and building connections. here you can succeed, here you are supported, here you are celebrated.warner bros. discovery hires talent across the globe and offers career-defining positions, carefully curated benefits, and the tools to realize your best self.from brilliant creatives to technology trailblazers and beyond, work with us.explore opportunities across all of our award-winning brands and businessessearch careers


























x 
instagram 
facebook 
youtube 
linkedin 















footer


visitor agreement


privacy notice


wbd workforce privacy notice


california rights


website accessibility statement


forward-looking statements


modern slavery statement


global tax policy


code of ethics


procurement


supplier diversity


equal employment opportunity


uk gender pay gap reports


br gender pay gap reports


warnermedia equity and inclusion report 2020


de&i report discovery uk 2021


mitigation measures for chile


accessibility plan for you.i, ontario


accessibility policy for you.i, ontario


responsible disclosure


hbo legal documents for poland


wbd brand resources


clip & still licensing








© 2025 warner bros. discovery, inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
all trademarks are the property of their respective owners. all rights reserved.






































