











illinois association of school boards | iasb























skip to main content






illinois association of school boards





toggle navigation





enter search keywords




submit search







events calendar





member login





bookstore


the site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.





about us






vision and mission




strategic priorities




foundational principles of effective governance






leadership




constitution




position statements






iasb staff




job openings






media center




news




robert m. cole awards






publications




illinois school board journal




online bookstore




pamphlets & tools




surveys & data




podcast






executive searches




open searches




information for candidates & interim superintendents




information for school boards






sponsorships




sponsored programs




sponsorships brochure















conference, training & events






joint annual conference




registration/housing




exhibit




sponsorships






online learning




archived webinars




online courses






training




mandatory board member training




in-district workshops




training resources




foundational principles of effective governance






board presidents toolkit




division events




cossba events













membership & divisions






membership




benefits




directory




database instructions






divisions




division events




outreach & training






school board elections




candidates




new board members






service associates




awards & recognition




school board members day




holly jack service award






online community













advocacy






delegate assembly




resolutions information






legislative issues




vision 2030




mandate reform




end of session report




new school laws






legislative reports




federal legislative reports






advocacy ambassadors













policy services & school law






illinois laws affecting schools




annual school calendar




guide to illinois statutes






guidance resources




recent court decisions




amicus report




illinois council of school attorneys




icsa equity, diversity, and inclusion committee






policy services




press




press login






policy manual customization




press plus




school board policies online




administrative procedures project




administrative procedures online




boardbook




















events calendar





member login





bookstore














previous slide





next slide






member events
attend a division meeting
invest one evening, gain benefits throughout the year for yourself, your school board, and your district

view division events in regards to attend a division meeting






selecting a superintendent
executive search services
assisting school boards in hiring top-quality leaders

open searches in regards to executive search services
learn more in regards to executive search services






news clip service
daily leading news
read about state and local issues impacting public education

view latest news in regards to daily leading news










news






cossba
february news from cossba

                            registration remains open for the 2025 cossba conference, education for all: bridging gaps, breaking barriers.
                        
read more







news
save the date for upcoming division meetings

                            celebrate with recipients of the board leader recognition program and topics impacting illinois public education.
                        
read more







news
administrative professional lunch & learn is for welcoming new board members

                            register today for a lunch and learn event in lombard or springfield.
                        
read more







conference
2025 conference share the success proposals due march 1

                            presenters are encouraged to share innovations succeeding in their schools.
                        
read more




view all news













upcoming events






27
feb 2025
feb 27, 2025


kishwaukee division meeting 02/27/2025
double deal: school funding and community engagement.  what does education funding look like for illinois this year? also, strategies to overcome the challenges of connecting with your community.
details




4
mar 2025
mar 4, 2025


north cook division meeting 03/04/2025
learn about ai, its potential to revolutionize learning, and the pressing need for guidance and policy in schools, with eric santos, ltc illinois.  registration open.
details




4
mar 2025
mar 4, 2025


three rivers division meeting 03/04/2025
st. george ccsd 258 board president ladawn armstrong will provide information on ways to include respect in board meetings to achieve goals. registration open.
details




view all events














quick links





previous slide





next slide







online learning







press login







annual school calendar







outreach & training







member directory







executive search openings

















in-district workshop: starting right
facilitated by an iasb director of outreach & training, the starting right in-district workshop is a form of board self-evaluation, where veteran school board members can help guide newly elected or appointed board members by sharing the board’s practices, procedures, and expectations.

schedule workshop





student representation on school boards
fully engaged youth leaders help school board members learn about student concerns and are essential to a positive school climate. iasb has created resources that cover the process to bring student members to the board table and best practices and expectations for youth involvement.

view resources




journal looks at student participation
look back on the 2024 conference, and look ahead to student participation in 2025, in this issue of the illinois school board journal. 
read more











lighting the way to excellence in school governance





previous slide





next slide



100+
years of service
iasb is here to assist boards of education with training, policy, resources, and programing all supporting quality public education.


848
member districts
more than 99 percent of public school boards in illinois hold active membership.


5,900+
elected officials
school board members volunteer their time to ensure growth and progress not only for students, but for entire communities.


21
divisions
iasb directors serve as a direct link between the school boards and association services.


1,200+
newly-elected board members
iasb provides training and resources on the roles and responsibilities of the board and board members.















illinois association of school boards


                                2921 baker drive,
springfield, illinois 62703-5929
(217) 528-9688


                                one imperial place, 1 east 22nd street, suite 310,
lombard, illinois 60148
(630) 629-3776












the vision of the illinois association of school boards is excellence in local school board governance supporting quality public education.
although the iasb website strives to provide accurate and authoritative information, the illinois association of school boards does not guarantee or warrantee the accuracy or quality of information contained herein.
8.5.5


copyright 1999-2025 by the illinois association of school boards. all rights reserved.
8.5.5


iasb privacy policy statement
contact us
staff site


       











