







welcome to dock's on the river cabins and motel townsend tn














































skip to content









menu

welcome
accommodations

basic room
1 bed kitchenette
2 bed kitchenette
2 bedroom cabin
river cabin
big cabin
hot tub cabin
rendezvous cabin
new suite with king bed
swimming pool


about us

terms & conditions


area gallery
local weather
look rock web camera
great smoky mountains national park
directions












motel & cabins
townsend, tennessee
 










welcome 


we’ve got everything you need …
dock’s on the river motel & cabins offers 14 units, some with completely furnished kitchenettes. also available are riverfront, creek-side and pool-side cabins. and one two-bedroom cabin that will sleep up to 10:

fish little river trout stream
kitchenettes for your convenience
free wireless internet
swimming pool for hot summer days
the peaceful side of the smokies
hiking, horseback riding and biking trails are nearby

handicap accessible unit available
handicap pool lift (available upon request)
all rooms are non-smoking

plus all the amenities of home and more! only 2 minutes to the entrance of the great smoky mountains national park and just a 20 minute drive to cades cove.
take time to live …
if you love to fish for trout or bass in a fresh cool mountain stream then dock’s on the river is the place for you. we offer our guests private access to the best mountain trout stream in the smokies. or take a short scenic trip from townsend to gatlinburg or pigeon forge for an action-packed day of shopping and attractions followed by rest and relaxation at dock’s on the river.
take a few days and enjoy the wildlife at cades cove or explore the cool mountain caves of tuckaleechee caverns or spend a lazy day just floating down the little river on a tube with your kids. whatever your lifestyle you will find a restful vacation at dock’s on the river. all of our rooms are non-smoking with smoking allowed in designated outside areas only. no pets allowed. swimming pool is for guests only.
 
view our rooms
 

















 make your reservations today!
call us at  865-448-2234

 

 accessibility statement

 












welcome
accommodations
about us

terms & conditions


gallery
local weather
look rock web camera
great smoky mountains national park
directions
 dock’s on the river
motel & cabins
8219 state hwy 73
townsend tn 37882
865-448-2234
 
hwy 73 is also known as:
321 and e lamar alexander parkway
 

 

 







          copyright © 
          2025 dock's on the river motel & cabins. all rights reserved.        




 

the owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. this site uses the wp ada compliance check plugin to enhance accessibility.




 