


deeproot plant base - plant database software for gardeners





























 















home

products 

plant base for pc, mac, linux
plant base for android
extra keys desktop tool
purchasing
support
picture gallery


downloads
contact
blog

about 

about us
environment
privacy & security
copyright
plant photography
































on mac osx





on linux





on a small screen netbook













our flagship software product - an a-to-z plant reference encyclopaedia for windows pc or mac os. easy-to-use and very affordable application, built around a fully searchable plant database that also enables adding your own information.
read more  




we aim to produce garden software that is simple, efficient and yet highly flexible. the plant base application is suitable for amateur gardeners, garden designers, landscape professionals, students or in fact anyone with an interest in growing or observing plants. 

try it for yourself  - free 20 day trial - choose your os edition from the downloads page. 


an equivalent android edition of plant base with the same underlying database, provides the option of mobile use on smartphones and tablets.
developed in the uk and the supplied plant data tends to reflect that, but is not limited to any region or type of plant. we have users located worldwide.
when time allows we sometimes undertake other projects, for example our highly popular extra keys windows desktop tool and also occasional web authoring.





latest news:
plant base for android - maintenence release version 1.43, read more on the blog
online database has been withdrawn - our free plant database has been removed from the website ...read more on the blog
plant base for android - is now completely free for all users. read more information on the blog
extra keys for linux - first release, equivalent to the pro edition of the popular windows tool. 
...read more on the blog
major version updates for extra keys and extra keys pro - accent typing tool, both editions free and with re-styled user interface. ...read more on the blog
plant base linux edition beta 13 update.
february 2023 - new plant base version release 2.1.15 - for windows, mac and linux.
beta edition of plant base for linux is available and free on request - more information on the blog
extensive review of plant base at maddownload.com  (july 2020).










plant base desktop
plant base mobile
extra keys
picture gallery




prices and purchasing
downloads
release notes
help & support
faq




about us
privacy
ts & cs
copyright
environment
purchasing
downloads




blog
contact us
web links
help & support
sitemap



 



web design by deeproot software   •      hosting by farbyte 
copyright © deeproot software














