


cake decorating tips and supplies































 
cake decorating

 



 
 


      cake decorating >
      wedding cakes |
      checklist |
      about us
















       pastry chef decorating a cake
       



 



cake decorating products |
      icing |
      supplies |
      tools






     beautifully iced and decorated cakes quickly draw the eye at weddings,
     birthday parties, and special events.  cakes can be iced with
     buttercream, royal, fondant, or cooked icings, and they may feature icing
     flowers, spun sugar, candy or sprinkles.  cake topper decorations
     may include candles, flowers, figurines, and fountains.
     
     how many times have you wished you could decorate a lovely cake and
     present it to a friend?  while creativity and skill are needed to
     decorate a cake, the right tools, supplies, and techniques make this wish
     much easier to attain.  cake decorating, like any art or craft,
     requires knowledge of the subject, careful planning, and practice.
     

watch:  decorative birthday cake candles









     to learn cake decorating techniques and skills, take some lessons offered
     by your local craft store.  an instructor can show you how to prepare
     your cake and icing, how to assemble and hold a decorating bag correctly,
     and how to form and apply decorations.  after you have mastered cake
     baking, icing preparation, and basic cake decorating techniques, you can
     develop your skill and expand your knowledge on your own.  of course,
     a "how to" book can make it easier to learn!  try out recipes for
     cakes, and bake a few samples for your family and friends to try. 
     mix up a variety of icing recipes, and experiment using some of the
     different decorating tips that are available.  practice on a cookie
     sheet lined with waxed paper — pipe rows of borders and garlands
     with each tip until you're satisfied with the results.  learn how to
     form drop flowers with different tips, and make roses using a flower
     nail.  don't forget to pipe leaf shapes, and practice writing text
     messages.  use several different icing colors to see what effect a
     multi-colored border or flower will produce.
     

     before you begin baking or icing your cake, plan how it should look and
     taste.  will it have a birthday, wedding, or anniversary theme? 
     or will it feature a special theme for a holiday or commemorative
     event?  which cake size is appropriate for the expected number of
     guests?  what cake and icing recipes will you use, and will the cake
     include a filling?  what colors do you plan to use?
     
     after your planning is completed, gather up your recipe and supplies, and
     bake the cake.  while it is baking and cooling, you can prepare your
     cake board and mix the icings.  buttercream flower decorations can
     even be piped onto waxed paper and frozen ahead of time, then placed on
     the iced cake.  royal icing decorations can also be done ahead and
     allowed to dry for later placement.  when your cake is cool, continue
     to prepare and ice your cake using the techniques you have learned. 
     the iced cake "canvas" is now ready for all the finishing touches!
     
     cake decorating instructions, ideas, and supplies are widely available
     online.  do some research and enjoy looking at the many creative cake
     photos that are posted.  there are cake decorating magazines as well
     as newsletters for cake decorators.  you can even join a cake
     decorating club!  start on your way to presenting your yummy cake
     creations by browsing through the resources and suppliers listed on this
     website.  when you are ready to bake and decorate a special occasion
     cake, remember to print this convenient
     cake decorating checklist.
     



      applying a fondant icing flower to a wedding cake
      
cake decorating resources

american cake decorating
this magazine may stimulate your creativity and help you improve
       your cake decorating skills.  find quick decorating ideas, techniques for
       mastering basic skills and step-by-step projects for every skill level
       from kids to professionals.www.americancakedecorating.com

ices - international cake exploration society
this organization helps to spread the sharing and caring of cake decorating around the world.www.ices.org

pink cake box university
pastry chef anne heap, founder of a specialty cake boutique in denville, new jersey, blogs about custom, decorated cakes. 
       the website features a gallery of cake styles.university.pinkcakebox.com

cake central
find and share cake recipes; get free cake decorating ideas
      and advice.www.cakecentral.com




      copyright 2006-2025 zeducorp.
      all rights reserved.
about us. 
      contact us. 
      search us.
      for your convenience, certain image links will open in new windows.

cake decorating guide






cake news


suspect in christmas cake poisoning found dead in jail cell

bbc news.  february, 2025. 

life-sized cakes to blue hair: detroit goes all-in on playoff spirit

espn.  january, 2025. 














