









potomac conservancy



















































potomac conservancy




who we are
mission & programs
equity and justice
annual reports
our team
board of directors
audited financials
careers
contact us



what we do
save streamside forests
clean water advocacy
community conservation



river resources
river news
discover the potomac
potomac report card
potomac climate report


events



ways to give
donate today
clean water campaign
corporate giving
donor advised funds
estate planning
give in honor
ira gifts
leadership giving
monthly sustainer giving
stock gifts
workplace giving
faq


take action


donate















our river, our waters




home
potomac conservancy is an accredited land trust and regional clean water leader. our local movement is driving significant change at the local level. founded in 1993, our community-powered conservation initiatives protect streamside forests, reduce polluted runoff, and strengthen our natural defenses to the climate crisis. together with our 30,000 supporters, we’re returning swimmable and fishable waters to the potomac river region.














who we are/mission & programsequity and justiceannual reportsour teamboard of directorsaudited financialscareerscontact us
what we do/save streamside forestsclean water advocacycommunity conservation
river resources/river newsdiscover the potomacpotomac report cardpotomac climate report
events/
ways to give/donate todayclean water campaigncorporate givingdonor advised fundsestate planninggive in honorira giftsleadership givingmonthly sustainer givingstock giftsworkplace givingfaq
take action/
donate/



























 









  

take action and make the potomac river safe for swimming and fishing!




    donate today!
  

  

protectstreamside forests















our rivers are only as healthy as the lands that surround them. discover what we’re doing to conserve riverside lands and keep the potomac's upstream forests verdant and vibrant forever.




    save our forests
  



strengthen clean water laws















too often our rivers, forests, and public lands are an afterthought in our growing community. find out how we, together, can demand our elected leaders protect our streams and drinking water!




    speak up for clean water
  



empowercommunity conservation















it takes a village to keep our local lands and waters healthy. explore ways you can get involved and make a difference in the fight for clean water — right here in your community.




    get your hands dirty
  

    













watch our short film to learn about our new ambitious campaign for the river!




    tune in
  




    donate today
  

   









  













join potomac conservancy’s ambitious $8 million “clean water - healthy communities” campaignit’s time to make the potomac river safe – for everyone.our community deserves clean water. we can’t let rapid forest loss and the climate crisis stand in our way. help us take swift and bold action to reduce pollution and make the potomac river safe – for everyone.your support will dramatically increase the pace and scale of conservation to improve local water quality. ready to dive in?




    join our campaign
  

   









   

the potomac’s improving, but it’s not yet safe for swimming or fishing.good news, nature lovers: the potomac river is in the middle of a comeback, but local waters are not yet safe for swimming or fish consumption.find out the potomac’s latest health grade and learn what it will take to get our hometown river to an “a.”




    see the potomac's grade
  













   









  











 

we're "breaking" ground...on a new conservation corridor!in celebration of our 30th anniversary, potomac conservancy is launching an exciting initiative to form a back creek conservation corridor. our headwaters are home to the potomac’s cleanest streams — and we want to keep it that way. with the community’s support, we'll forever protect natural lands and freshwater streams in the shenandoah valley.




    a recent success in back creek
  

   









   

spring cleaning is here! come get your hands dirty for clean water.looking for a fun way to give back to nature?grab your gloves and sunscreen, and join us at a spring cleanup event. you’ll pick up trash and plastic litter with fellow volunteers across the potomac river region.find an upcoming event near you!




    sign up now
  













       











protect and defend the potomac river!
support potomac conservancy and help us protect local streams and vulnerable habitats from pollution and the climate crisis!become a monthly sustainer member and provide critical year-round funding for our local initiatives.together, we’ll make a difference! 



   









 

potomac conservancy, inc.962 wayne ave, suite 540silver spring, md 20910301.608.1188

  









  

 privacy | refund | contact us | donate© potomac conservancy 2024the image of great falls on the top of our homepage is copyright of adam hoke, adamchoke.com.the image of white horse mountain on the homepage are copyright of william macfarland, macfarlandphoto.net.







 


 



fighting for clean water and healthy communities

connect
























potomac conservancy is a nationally accredited land trust and clean water leader in the potomac river region. we’re committed to restoring the potomac to full health for the five million people who rely on the river for drinking water and outdoor enjoyment. we improve local water quality through land conservation initiatives that effectively stop pollution from entering our streams and tributaries. our impassioned base of 30,000 supporters empowers us to protect and expand streamside forests, pass water protection laws, and restore local shorelines.







potomac conservancy
                            962 wayne ave, suite 540
                            silver spring, md 20910

ein: 52-1842501
(301) 608-1188


privacy policy
refund policy
contact us
donate now















 



