best life: jokes, relationships, health, lifestyle & travelskip to contentsearch & section navigationabout usfollow uscontact usopen searchsign me upsite navigationdaily livingretailhome & gardenpetsastrologytechnologystylecooking & foodshoppingwellnesshealthagingfitnessweight lossbeautyrelationshipsdatingmarriagefriends & familyetiquettemoneypersonal financeretirementcareerentertainmentmoviestvnostalgiabooksmusictraveldestinationsstaysair travelfacts & humorjokesfactsgamesquotesclose searchsearch 
    
    ai powered
    
    human content, 
    ai powered search.
        latest stories
    closebest life
  live your best life with expert tips and news on health, food, sex, relationships, fashion and lifestyle. subscribe to best life's newsletter now.
close search & section navigationdaily livingretailhome & gardenpetsastrologytechnologystylecooking & foodshoppingwellnesshealthagingfitnessweight lossbeautyrelationshipsdatingmarriagefriends & familyetiquettemoneypersonal financeretirementcareerentertainmentmoviestvnostalgiabooksmusictraveldestinationsstaysair travelfacts & humorjokesfactsgamesquotesabout us contact usterms and conditionssitemapprivacy policyfollow us:best life - jokes, relationships, health, lifestyle & travel
        tgi fridays is planning a comeback, while denny's closes 178 locations
    
  ​it's been a rocky start to the year for big restaurant chains.

        the latest
    
        "life-threatening" polar vortex hitting the u.s. this week
    
        mel robbins accused of plagiarizing "let them" theory for book
    
        how a weight-loss expert would lose 20 pounds by june
    trending
        shoppers slam bath & body works' new collection
    "smells like hair spray," said one disappointed customer.emily weaver
        the no. 1 supplement to take after a bad night's sleep
    research reveals it could help enhance cognitive function.zachary mack
        12 life-changing beauty products people swear by
    no more gatekeeping!faye brennandaily living
        10 best trader joe's items in 2025, according to customers
    these are the most beloved products at the grocery chain.
        9 costco insider secrets every member doesn't know
    these tips and tricks will save you big time.dana schulz
        7 states may see the northern lights on feb. 14
    they're predicted to peak after 10 p.m. local time.emily weaver
        ​jcpenney unexpectedly announces store closures in 8 states
    just last month, the story was different.faye brennan
        joann is closing 500 stores—here's where and when
    ​going-out-of-business sales will start this weekend.dana schulzwellness
        8 "healthy" habits that are wrecking your body, doctors say
    don't fall victim to these common mistakes.
        this common medication may be linked to dementia risk
    experts warn it could lead to cognitive decline.
        if you're over 65, don't eat these 6 foods
    they could cause heart issues, food poisoning, and more.
        6 "healthy" choices that are slowing down your metabolism
    avoid these all-too-common pitfalls, doctors say.
        10 dangerous signs you're drinking too much alcohol
    an addiction medicine specialist reveals the biggest red flags.
        study reveals why you always crave sweets after dinner
    ​blame your brain, not your stomach.
        why ordering takeout could be raising your heart disease risk
    it's not the food that's the problem, according to new research.
        the 5 healthiest cereals you can buy right now
    they're free of seed oils, cane sugar, and "nasty preservatives."
        popular breakfast food could protect against colon cancer
    a new study links yogurt to a reduced colon cancer risk.entertainment 
        history channel fans are fed up: "it’s just aliens shows"
    the channel's programming has shifted over the years.zachary mack
        5 valentine’s day movies you can stream on netflix now
    these rom-coms are perfect to watch on the 14th.dana schulz
        4 new hbo shows everyone will be watching this february
    ​don't make any plans for sunday nights.dana schulz
        hgtv fans react to tarek and christina's new show
    "the most real thing i've seen," says one viewer.dana schulz
        5 new netflix shows everyone will be watching this february
    there are more binge-watching opportunities on the horizon.zachary mack
        hgtv fans are fed up
    "i miss when they actually showed how to decorate."emily weaver
        steve guttenberg hailed as hero for fighting la wildfires
    the "police academy" star is a "national treasure."karen fratti
        fans have an idea for "american pickers" star mike wolfe
    they want him to consider a renovation tv show.emily weaverdon’t miss outlive your best life with expert tips and news on health, food, sex, relationships, fashion and lifestyle. subscribe to best life's newsletter now.relationships
        7 questions to reveal the truth about your relationship
    psychologists just created this new quiz.emily weaver
        93 love messages for him that will melt his heart
    let him know how much you care.carrie weismanfaye brennan
        your parents probably have a favorite child, research shows
    is it you?emily weaver
        psychologist shares the subtle sign you're dating a narcissist
    "be aware and protect yourself," she says.emily weaver
        the one thing experts say will make you more charismatic
    here’s how to inspire esteem and trust in others.ferozan mast
        this relationship change could be the key to happiness
    a new study looked at couples over 60.emily weavertravel
        travelers boycott disney parks over soaring prices
    ​"might as well go to europe," said one unhappy person.emily weaver
        former airline employee shares "mind-blowing" flight hack
    here's how to stay on top of all of your flight information.zachary mack
        experts share easy way to keep your suitcase bacteria free
    scientists say this simple trick can seriously help.zachary mack
        carnival cruise line is making two major changes this year
    ​read the fine print closely, especially with service fees.emily weaver
        these are now the “cheapest times to go to disney world,” according to experts
    experts share the best times to visit disney world to save big on tickets and hotels.alek korab
        these 2 budget airlines are adding more flights in 2025
    here's what travelers really think about the carriers.zachary mackmoney
        can you earn $20,000 with this easy amazon side hustle?
    that's what many shoppers are saying.emily weaver
        recruiter says you're "wasting your time" on indeed
    she recommends using these 6 job-search sites instead.dana schulz
        walmart and target's secret hiding spots for major sales
    save even more on these retailer's clearance items.zachary mack
        i downsized my home and saved $15,000 a year
    trading in a bigger house for a smaller space has its perksheather newgen
        i quit credit cards for 30 days and cut my spending in half
    while resisting is difficult, your wallet will thank you.ferozan mast
        i took a month off work to beat burnout
    how taking a month off work can transform your lifeheather newgenfacts & humor
        165 christmas jokes to make your family laugh
    "what is santa's favorite snack? crisp pringles!"dana schulzcarrie weisman
        70 festive christmas facts you won't believe
    red hasn't always been santa's color.desirée ocarrie weisman
        30 thanksgiving facts you probably didn't know
    turkey isn't the reason you need that nap.dana schulzalexander breindelcarrie weisman
        85 hilarious thanksgiving jokes you'll gobble right up
    get ready to gobble up these jokes!dana schulz
        7 surprising facts only '80s kids will understand
    it really was the best of times.ferozan mast
        117 cute things to say to your girlfriend
    "i love doing life with you."carrie weismanmackenzie dunnamber raiken
        more from best life
    
        drinking less alcohol on ozempic? new study helps explain why
    promising new research was just released.
        aldi is opening 225 new grocery stores this year
    here's everything we know so far.
        bed bath & beyond's big comeback is approaching
    here's everything we know so far.
        meet the next "it" superfood for your brain, immunity, and more
    chlorella is high in protein, iron, vitamin b-12, and more.
        it's the worst flu season in 15 years—how bad is your state?
    there are 43 states currently being hit hard with the virus.
        if you can lift this many pounds, you're in great shape
    here's what a longevity doctor advises.
        doctors warn ozempic could cause "irreversible loss of vision"
    tirzepatide patients should also take note.
        t.j. maxx is set to explode in popularity this year—here's why
    the store's competitive prices may beat everywhere else.
        canned tuna sold at costco and walmart recalled
    the fda warns of "potentially fatal" bacteria.load moreabout us contact usterms and conditionssitemapprivacy policy© copyright 2025 galvanized media. all rights reserved. best life is part of the dotdash meredith publishing family.