























maritime and coastguard agency - gov.uk































cookies on gov.uk

we use some essential cookies to make this website work.
we’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use gov.uk, remember your settings and improve government services.
we also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.
you have accepted additional cookies. you can change your cookie settings at any time.
you have rejected additional cookies. you can change your cookie settings at any time.




accept additional cookies
reject additional cookies
view cookies



          hide this message
        



skip to main content






gov.uk



 


        navigation menu
      



                menu


menu
 



                search gov.uk
              





                ×
              



                search gov.uk
              




 
 





                  services and information
                


benefits


births, death, marriages and care


business and self-employed


childcare and parenting


citizenship and living in the uk


crime, justice and the law


disabled people


driving and transport


education and learning


employing people


environment and countryside


housing and local services


money and tax


passports, travel and living abroad


visas and immigration


working, jobs and pensions





                  government activity
                


departments
departments, agencies and public bodies


news
news stories, speeches, letters and notices


guidance and regulation
detailed guidance, regulations and rules


research and statistics
reports, analysis and official statistics


policy papers and consultations
consultations and strategy


transparency
data, freedom of information releases and corporate reports









            search
          





search gov.uk






        search
        




 



 


 









home


organisations




maritime and coastguard agency




maritime &coastguard agency






working at sea: certification, health and safety
ships and cargoes: detailed information and marine notices
seafarer certification: working on a uk registered vessel
seafarer medical certification and advice
uk ship register
commercial fishing and fisheries
apply for a boatmasters' licence
uk civil hydrography programme
hm coastguard
order free safety materials









    featured










new tool locates mca-approved life-saving appliance service stations
 30 september 2024 — press release


online finder will help seafarers and those responsible for the maintenance of inflatable life-saving appliances to find approved service stations.

 







maritime and coastguard agency celebrates world maritime day 2024
 26 september 2024 — press release


the red ensign and international maritime organization flag have been raised at maritime and coastguard agency headquarters in southampton.

 







new maritime and coastguard chair appointed
 24 may 2024 — news story


lord stevens of birmingham appointed non-executive chair of mca.

 

 






    latest from the maritime and coastguard agency








 active marine guidance notes (mgns)




                      18 february 2025
                    


                    collection
 


 hm coastguard offshore energy courses




                      18 february 2025
                    


                    guidance
 


 how to apply for a fse for deck and engineer officers




                      14 february 2025
                    


                    guidance
 




          see all latest documents
        



subscriptions


 
get emails













    what we do








we work to prevent the loss of life on the coast and at sea. we produce legislation and guidance on maritime matters, and provide certification to seafarers.
mca is an executive agency, sponsored by the department for transport.



              read more about what we do
            

 






    documents







    services




 transport support services for disabled people



 seafarer medical certificates




            see all services
          




    guidance and regulation




 mca approved doctors uk based




                      11 february 2025
                    


                    guidance
 


 how to revalidate a uk certificate of competency




                      17 february 2022
                    


                    guidance
 



            see all guidance and regulation
          






    news and communications




 ship’s master and operator sentenced over fatal crash at sea




                      14 february 2025
                    


                    press release
 


 officer trainee of the year’s pride to win ‘symbol of excellence’




                       4 february 2025
                    


                    press release
 



            see all news and communications
          




    research and statistics




 eng1 and ml5 annual medical reports and summaries




                      13 february 2025
                    


                    research and analysis
 


 receiver of wreck: protected wrecks




                       6 february 2025
                    


                    research and analysis
 



            see all research and statistics
          






    policy papers and consultations




 consultation on the merchant shipping (epirb and plb registration) regulations 2025




                      17 january 2025
                    


                    open consultation
 


 consultation on implementation of the mlc 2006, amendments 2022




                      10 december 2024
                    


                    open consultation
 



            see all policy papers and consultations
          




    transparency and freedom of information releases




 merchant navy medal for meritorious service recipients




                      12 february 2025
                    


                    transparency data
 


 mca annual report and accounts 2023 to 2024




                      20 january 2025
                    


                    corporate report
 



            see all transparency and freedom of information releases
          









    our management










virginia mcvea


chief executive
 







claire hughes


director of hm coastguard
 







lars lippuner


director of uk customer maritime services
 










    contact mca





    in an emergency at the coast





call 999 and ask for the coastguard
999







    hm coastguard and marine offices




            local officesunited kingdom



contact: hm coastguard and marine offices





for local operation centre and marine office phone numbers, select the link.




    office address and general enquiries




            maritime and coastguard agencyspring place, 105 commercial roadsouthamptonso15 1egunited kingdom



email

infoline@mcga.gov.uk      



main switchboard
0203 817 2000







    press office





email

public.relations@mcga.gov.uk



press enquiries (monday to friday, 9am-5pm) 
0203 817 2222



outside these hours or on bank holidays and weekends, for media enquiries only, please send an email outlining your query and putting #urgent in the subject title.




    out of hours duty surveyor





technical enquiries
+44 (0)7810 528504 



note that this service is for urgent technical enquiries that require action out of office hours only.  this number must not be used for any urgent or routine enquires during normal office hours. all enquiries during office hours, including, but not limited to, technical enquiries, enquiries on registration of ships or seafarer’s certification should use the contact details here: https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/maritime-and-coastguard-agency/about/access-and-opening




    seafarer operations – formerly seafarer training and certification





contact: seafarer operations – formerly seafarer training and certification





contact seafarer operations for training and certification needs, boatmaster enquiries, safe manning certifications and exemptions, and registry of shipping and seamen (rss) enquiries.




    uk ship register




            maritime and coastguard agencyanchor court keen roadcardiffcf24 5jwunited kingdom



email

uksr@mcga.gov.uk



vessel registration queries
+44 (0) 20 3908 5200



7:30am to 6pm, monday to friday and 9am to 4pm, saturday and sunday




    uk beacon registry





email

ukbeacons@mcga.gov.uk



telephone:
+44 (0)20 3817 2006
fax:
+44 (0)1326 319264



monday to friday, 9am to 5pm (except public holidays).




    safeguarding officers





email

safeguarding@mcga.gov.uk






email the mca's safeguarding officers to report a safeguarding concern. the inbox is monitored monday to friday, 9am to 5pm.




    raise a concern – whistleblowing





email

whistleblowing@mcga.gov.uk






to raise a concern that is relevant to the work of the mca.this can include concerns where there is danger to the environment, health and safety issues, failure to comply with legal obligations, fraud, and breaches of security. to make a complaint, please see our complaints procedure: https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/maritime-and-coastguard-agency/about/complaints-procedure.





    make an foi request





            read about the freedom of information (foi) act and how to make a request.
          

            check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question.
          
make a new request by contacting us using the details below.





    make an foi request




            freedom of informationspring place, 105 commercial roadsouthamptonso15 1egunited kingdom



email

informationaccess@mcga.gov.uk



foi contact form












    corporate information





accessible documents policy
complaints procedure
equality and diversity
office access and opening times





    jobs and contracts




procurement at mca
working for mca
jobs



      read about the types of information we routinely publish in our publication scheme. find out about our commitment to publishing in welsh. our personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. read our policy on social media use. find out about our services.
    











is this page useful?



              maybe
 


              yes this page is useful
 


              no this page is not useful
 




      thank you for your feedback
    


        report a problem with this page
 







help us improve gov.uk
don’t include personal or financial information like your national insurance number or credit card details.

this field is for robots only. please leave blank



what were you doing?




what went wrong?



send

        cancel
      








help us improve gov.uk

        to help us improve gov.uk, we’d like to know more about your visit today.
        please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab).
      

        cancel
      









services and information


benefits


births, death, marriages and care


business and self-employed


childcare and parenting


citizenship and living in the uk


crime, justice and the law


disabled people


driving and transport


education and learning


employing people


environment and countryside


housing and local services


money and tax


passports, travel and living abroad


visas and immigration


working, jobs and pensions




government activity


departments


news


guidance and regulation


research and statistics


policy papers and consultations


transparency


how government works


get involved







support links


help


privacy


cookies


accessibility statement


contact


terms and conditions


rhestr o wasanaethau cymraeg


government digital service






            all content is available under the open government licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated
          


© crown copyright








