


latest news | breaking news today | top news headlines- the week























































































toggle navigation   









														magazine
														




																the week	
															



																health	
															







											the week tv
										



												subscribe
											































										home
									



										india
									



										world
									



										business
									



										sports
									



										entertainment
									



										middle east
									



										health
									



										reviews
									



										leisure
									



										videos
									


more 
										




												web stories
											



												sci/tech
											



												contact us
											



















						{{topics.sectiontitle}} 
					

{{item.tagtitle}}



























decoding the region's geopolitics, economics, society, culture and ties with india
 

read more














a guide to fitness, nutrition, research and innovation, mental wellbeing  and more

read more










previous



next











top stories
























						is parvesh verma out of delhi cm race? rekha gupta could emerge frontrunner as bjp appoints observer today 
					

the observers will talk to all 48 mlas before arriving at a consensus candidate for the cm post


by the week news desk

february 16, 2025
















stampede horror: how porters at new delhi railway station saved lives, became unsung heroes

by the week news desk












sanjay raut: at least 120 killed in the new delhi railway station stampede, centre hiding true figures

by the week news desk











what is an mk-84 heavy bomb? 900 kg munition from us reaches israeli shores; taken to airbases on trucks 






was there an attempt to hide the new delhi stampede? delhi l-g's edited tweet draws flak 






j&k local body elections to delay further as omar abdullah extends tenure of obc commission






‘india’s got latent’ row: ranveer allahbadia alleges death threats, says ‘not running away’






dmk rejigs organisational structure ahead of 2026 assembly polls































current affairs 















 
													'1500 tickets were sold every hour': what caused the stampede at delhi railway station  
												













 
													stalin slams union min dharmendra pradhan over nep ‘blackmail’ for funds; ‘tamils will not tolerate’, says dmk cm 
												













 
													yogi adityanath compares mahakumbh criticism to ignorance towards climate change 
												















											ipl: mumbai indians replace injured afghan bowler with another!
										












											tennis: jannik sinner gets three-month ban after doping case settlement
										












											is india planning to procure fifth-generation f-35 fighter jets from the us?
										














											what are javelin anti-tank guided missiles, which india is set to procure from us and co-produce
										












											who was muhsin hendricks? world's first openly gay imam fatally shot in south africa
										












											14 us states file lawsuit against elon musk’s role as doge head, calls him ‘agent of chaos’ 
										

























											five factors that market analysts expect to impact sensex, nifty this week 
										












											coffee prices are on the boil, but a respite is likely this year as crop production in key markets improves
										












											what is blue visa programme?  uae rolls out new scheme for sustainable experts
										














											what is an mk-84 heavy bomb? 900 kg munition from us reaches israeli shores; taken to airbases on trucks 
										












											are hormonal contraceptives linked with cardiovascular risks? 
										












											fact check: does consuming fish and milk together cause vitiligo?
										




























fact check 















 
													fact check: industrialist's viral tweet challenges popular weight loss remedy, experts weigh in  
												













 
													fact check: does ganga water have self-cleaning and self-healing properties?  
												













 
													fact check: is it safe to dress in just a t-shirt as rahul gandhi does during the winters?  
												






















voices








brijeshwari gohil







































on st. valentine’s day, and the history of love letters

while the ease of sending a message over whatsapp or an email is far less cumbersome, a letter with a hand-pasted postage stamp exudes nostalgia and is perhaps a meaningful way to profess love this valentine's day


by brijeshwari gohil














logos and their legacy


by brijeshwari gohil






































the art of dressing 


by brijeshwari gohil












































videos













syria's house of horrors | inside bashar al-assad's sednaya prison | syria civil war
multimedia journalist anagha subhash nair brings us visuals from damascus after the fall of the assad regime. 











ratan tata | interview with dr thomas mathew, author of the biography 'ratan tata: a life'
dr thomas mathew, author of the ratan tata biography, 'ratan tata: a life' speaks to the week special correspondent anjuly mathai. 









gukesh beats ding to become youngest world chess champion! india-australia test: should rohit open?
ayaz gives his take on gukesh d. dethroning china's ding liren to become the youngest world champion in chess history, whether magnus carlsen's shadow will dilute gukesh's reign and the third test between india and australia at the gabba in brisbane









israel plans law to dissolve campus groups backing armed struggle against the state | israel news
the israeli cabinet recently discussed a legislation that would empower the government to dissolve campus organizations deemed sympathetic to groups engaged in armed struggle against the state of israel.




more




















entertainment











nivin pauly to star in, produce superhero movie 'multiverse manmadhan'

nivin calls the project 'india’s first multiverse superhero movie' which they're planning to release in malayalam, hindi, tamil, kannada and telugu languages






'breaking bad' creator vince gilligan wants to see more 'good guy' stories; hints at direction-shift in new show




‘india’s got latent’ row: ranveer allahbadia alleges death threats, says ‘not running away’




'india's got latent' row: samay raina gets time till march 10 to record statement














leisure











curtains falter, but not yet fallen: nsd’s ‘bharangam’ has rekindled hope for delhi’s theatre scene


'i have lululemon leggings in every style and colour', says romita mazumdar 


























opinion



















on dr boyd, the krishnamurthy girls and the college i quit for st stephen's



philip mathew











chain gangs from america



r prasannan











donald trump—the annoying orange



anita pratap











stop applauding the sporadic victories of ‘kings’



anuja chauhan











has fashion accepted the older woman as smarter and sexier?



namrata zakaria











gaza: home is not a building



navtej sarna











budget blues of a different kind



k.c. verma











nirmala, your vision, your wisdom!



shobhaa de











know your name, own its story



bansuri swaraj











wheth, atmami, omnivistatude: new words for old feelings



shashi tharoor











let's harness the vast potential of our tourism industry



baijayant ‘jay’ panda











when manmohan singh engaged pervez musharraf



mani shankar aiyar











only legacy a leader leaves behind is culture: nestle chairman and md suresh narayanan



suresh narayanan











when separatism goes mainstream



barkha dutt











thank you, the week, for providing me a space



amitabh kant











let us not politicise budget



meenakshi lekhi











silverware for babies?



lakshmy ramanathan











goodbye, dear readers



swara bhasker











tale of two public addresses in maharashtra on vijayadashami



sachidananda murthy











bibek debroy on partha chatterjee and kalinjara story



bibek debroy











digital companies cannot afford to defy laws of the land, says jyotiraditya scindia



jyotiraditya scindia











tough for singapore to balance its relationship with china, india: sanjaya baru



sanjaya baru











big ben and plucky perera



sanjay manjrekar











here is to healthy conversation



bose krishnamachari











make the impeachment process apolitical



vinod rai











an open letter to the sports minister



ashwini nachappa



















						
						editor's pick
					











the week


the wallet


health















new dawn in delhi: how pm modi will push big projects to put his stamp on new india

the mandate from the politically diverse state has spurred the narendra modi government to push forward its ideological agenda

by pratul sharma













'clean yamuna is going to be the centrepiece of the symbol of delhi': baijayant panda

baijayant panda was the bjp election in-charge of delhi

by pratul sharma













how corruption allegations shred aap's anti-graft sails

aap's lack of an ideological anchor remains a problem

by shubhangi shah













never make the mistake of writing off arvind kejriwal, says ashutosh

kejriwal is a gifted politician with enough cunning to rise yet again

													
													
														by ashutosh
													
	              								












after the delhi debacle, will india bloc partners isolate congress?

rasheed kidwai says india bloc partners argue that the biggest obstacle to opposition unity is a trust deficit with rahul gandhi

													
													
														by rasheed kidwai
													
	              								



















reviews








films


gadgets


books







































'captain america: brave new world' is dimmed by a severe deficiency of storytelling 'serum' 

marvel seems to have become so lazy when it comes to their ongoing properties. 'brave new world' is the latest example of a superhero property from their stable that lacks the vigour necessary to make viewers enthralled


by sajin shrijith














movie review: vicky kaushal-starrer ‘chhaava’ is 10x of everything we have seen so far


by pooja biraia jaiswal






































'vidaamuyarchi' review: ajith tries to be kurt russell and liam neeson simultaneously, to mixed results


by sajin shrijith













































web stories
















 
													major us arms deliveries to indian air force you should know about! c-130 hercules, c-17 globemaster and more! 
												













 
													he-man, skeletor, orko... how many other masters of the universe characters can you name ahead of nicholas galitzine movie's release? 
												













 
													happy valentine’s day! 6 wholesome messages to send your lover this february 14! 
												




























gallery















{{gallery.albumlist[0].albumtitle}}

{{item.gallerydescription}}










{{item.albumtitle}}














magazine archive





  month






  year


2025
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015



go
reset









february  16 ,  2025





february  09 ,  2025





february  02 ,  2025





january  26 ,  2025





june  16 ,  2019





april  14 ,  2019





january  05 ,  2025





december  01 ,  2024
















latest









exclusive with 9/11 recruiter
issue dated february 16, 2025
subscribe


















konnect







adani green energy’s 30,000 mw khavda renewable energy plant





bombay hospital launches trans-voice surgery package in india at affordable rates





empowering today’s youth to actively shape their futures



































































































































terms & conditions


privacy & statement




copyright © 2024 all rights reserved










