 


peke a tzu rescue










available dogs
 | 
adoption application 
 | 
 candle ceremony
 | 
 donations
 | 
foster journal
 | 
gift shop
 | 
happy endings
 | 
health & wellness
 | 
how you can help
 | 
library
 | 
nutrition
 | 
our rescue ethics
 | 
peke a tzu haven
 | 
quarterly report
 | 
rainbow bridge
 | 
seniors
 | 
special needs
 | 
video & slideshows





 every time we lose a dog, they take a piece of our hearts with them.every new dog who comes into our lives gifts us with a piece of their heart.if we live long enough all the components of our hearts will be a dog, and we will become as generous and loving as they are.


please click on the image below to join our facebook family where we share updates on our little ones, pictures, memories and more.





 
peke a tzu rescue, a sanctuary for senior and special needs dogs, is a non-profit shih tzu and pekingese rescue exempt under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code.

we are an animal protection shelter registered with the state of michigan and function under a special use permit within our township.
for those of you who may not have the opportunity to meet our pupsters we welcome you to visit our sanctuary.
  we are also active in maltese rescue, poodle rescue, yorkie rescue and mixed small breed rescue. we are located in trufant, michigan. the rescue is comprised of volunteers donating their time and love. we do not receive any money from city, county, state or federal governments. the volunteers are not paid except with pupster kisses and adoration.
caring for our senior and special needs dogs requires a significant and often long term financial commitment. if you would like to help us continue our work please make a tax-deductible donation. thank you for your support.
all donations are welcomed and can be paid through paypal 
  









or sent directly topeke a tzu rescuepo box 1trufant, mi 49347
another great way to help our pupsters is through our magazine fundraiser.40% of your purchase will help the pupsters.just click on the link below if you are interested in ordering your favorite magazine.
 
magazine subscriptionfundraiser 40% for the dogs
   
 100% of all donations are applied to our vet fund.  many of the gift shop items are donated by volunteers so that the rescue receives 100% of the sales proceeds. also the director of the rescue maintains our website so that we do not have website fees with the exception of server costs. there are many ways you can help support our pupsters. you can view our needs at how you can help. we rescue dogs from local animal shelters, animal control facilities and private owners. all are fostered in our homes until they find their forever home. all vetting needs are addressed upon arrival with the appropriate follow up vet visits. we also provide a pre adoption physical which is done within a 7 day period prior to adoption. this physical includes a wellness exam and fecal. a copy of the pre adoption physical with our veterinarian's signature will be supplied to the adopter.  we will keep an update of total vetting costs at
foster vetting costs.     we do adopt out of state, but request that the adopter fly in or drive in to get the baby.

additional information on adoption can be found atadoption guidelines.



current fund raisers and projectsplease scroll down to view

peke a tzu haven sponsorships
nuvet™ premium pet supplements
goodsearch earns $$$'s for the pupsters
ebay giving works $$$'s for the pupsters
gift shop
designer accessories fundraiser
candle ceremony





please sponsora peke a tzu rescue pupster




peke a tzu rescue is devoted to helping all babies in need, but our hearts belong to those that need us the mostthe physical and mentally challenged and the seniors. we pray every day that there is someone out there for these special babies that will take them into their hearts and homes. until that special home comes along they are part of our family and we love them dearly. we also know when we commit to these babies that they may be here with us for the rest of their lives. we offer the sanctuary and love that they need and in return they fill our lives with joy.
video of special needs and seniors
we feel blessed to have these babies in our home to snuggle and love and will continue to devote our lives to those that need us the most.
a wonderful way for those of you that maintain a lifestyle that prohibits you from physically helping these sweet kids is through sponsorship. it costs over $75.00 per month to vet, groom and feed each of our haven babies. 
our haven babies only ask for a monthly commitment on your part of $25.00.please click on sponsor a haven babyto help our seniors and special needs pupsters.






nuvet™premium pet supplements


all pet owners want to provide the finest nutrition possible for their pets. after thorough research we chose the raw diet for our dogs.in addition we knew that our dogs needed the best pet supplement available. 
nuvet™ pet supplements 
are unsurpassed in quality. 
 
scientifically formulated to provide everything your pet needs for perfect health!
nuvet labs™ are proud to stand behind their products with a 60 day, 100% satisfaction guarantee. if after trying the product you are not satisfied for any reason they will give you your money back.
for more information and to  ensure that you are doing the very best for your pet please click on the link below.
nuvet™ pet supplements



 please use goodsearchfor your internet searching needs

peke a tzu rescue will earn one penny for each search. just input peke a tzu rescue as your favorite charity by using the link below.

peke a tzu rescue also partners with goodshop

shop online through goodshop at your favorite online stores such as 
amazon, barnes & noble, best buy, walmart, petsmart, target, macy's, nordstrom & many more by using the link below.

please list peke a tzu rescue as your charity and up to 30% of your total purchase will be donated to our rescue.



ebay giving worksequals $$$'s for the pupsters

 
many of those who visit our pupsters are selling items on ebay.ebay offers a wonderful program called

ebay giving works
this gives the seller the opportunity to donate 10% or more of their sales to our pupsters. when the auction closes your donation is sent directly to the pupsters.we are asking those of you who are active on ebay to please consider donating a percentage of your sale to our pupsters. 
when listing your item just below "choose how you'd like to sell your item" simply scroll down to:
ebay giving works
the seller can then choose to donate 10-100% of the sale to peke a tzu rescue and ebay will give you a credit on basic selling fees for sold items. a donation of at least $1.00 is required if your listing sells. choose peke a tzu rescue as your charity, pick the percentage of the sale you wish to be donated and you will be helping our pupsters.
all of the pupsters thank you in advance for your generosity.





online gift shop

please check out our online gift shop100%  of all sales go directly to the food and vet expenses for our precious foster pupsters.
we have
 911 belly bands for boys
 ready for immediate shipping. we also offer custom tailored belly bands for boys
your little boy doesn't know what to wear today? well, we have the answer for him!
reversible belly bands for boys
does your little boy have sensitive skin? he has three choices and will enjoy the soft feel of our
fleece belly bands
snuggle sider cotton/flannel belly bands
or our
soft sider cotton/fleece belly bands


we have been selling belly bands to pupsters in need since 2003.we welcome you to share our customer's 
tail waggin' comments
also please check out peke a tzu rescue pupster patrons parading their new wardrobe at
peke a tzu rescue pupster patrons

if the little girl in your life has problems with incontinence or is working on house training please have her visit our precious pp panties™ boutique  she'll enjoy selecting a new wardrobe from our doggy, floral, animal and other fabrics.

you will love ouradorable magnetic salt & pepper shakers.
a unique gift for those that are difficult to buy for.
we also offer
sink strainers and stoppers
key fobs
st. francis pet medals
magazine subscriptions
and much more within the gift shop





designer accessories fundraiser


designer items have been generously donated to peke a tzu rescue to raise funds for vetting expenses for our senior and special needs fosters. 100%  of the proceeds goes directly to the pupsters' food and vetting expenses.annually the pupsters have their heartworm tests and are scheduled for dentals. the cost for this care including heartworm preventative exceeds $20,000 annually. in addition many critically ill and senior fosters have gone to rainbow bridge and were unable to be
adopted into a loving family of their own.
we are left with huge vet expenses from these precious babies and our financial resources have been depleted.  with the current economy, some of our previous donors have chosen to discontinue donations.    
 all designer items have been authenticated by the donor.
please visit our gift shop to see all of the available designer handbags.  remember that 100%  of the proceeds goes directly to the pupsters' food and vetting expenses.




candle ceremony



our pets fill our lives with so much joy and parting is always so difficult.many visitors to our website have requested a special page to pay tribute to their bridge babies.please visit ourcandle ceremony
 page to share the memories of others. 
we invite you to light a candle in memory of your beloved pet.
please contact us with a short write up in remembrance of your pet and include a picture at least 800 pixels wide. please email this information to jan collins at
info@pekeatzurescue.com
if you would like to donate in memory of your beloved pet please donate via paypal or send a check to the address below.
  








mail a check to:
peke a tzu rescue
po box 1
trufant, mi 49347



trufant, mi  49347
phone: 616.984.6292
fax: 616.984.6292


copyright© 2003 - 2025, peke a tzu rescue.  all rights reserved. 
pekingese rescue, shih tzu rescue, maltese rescue, poodle rescue & yorkie rescue 
contents of this site are the property of peke a tzu rescue.  
do not take anything from the site without permission.  
original website designed by j. boyd. as of october 2009 any changes in design were done by j. collins. website is maintained by j. collins.  
peke a tzu rescue logo designed by erin fontana.


