






investing solutions at td


































skip to main content




personal
small business
commercial
investing
about td







select country









canada
                                                
                                                
                                                    
selected




us
                                                
                                                
                                            







select language
english







english
                                                    
                                                    
selected


français
简体中文
繁體中文






















my accounts



											get started
											



trade online


our trading platforms


for new investors


find an advisor


get advice remotely





											services
											



td easy trade


direct investing


financial planning


private wealth management





											learn
											



direct investing education


direct investing articles


direct investing webinars


markets and research


direct investing index


moneytalk: news and views


wealth learning resources












find us





help





search








 
										login
										 




easyweb


webbroker


u.s. banking









login




easyweb


my accounts


my profile


password & security


account settings


notifications & alerts




other accounts


webbroker


u.s. banking










			logout
		






























open menu











login
open menu







login




logout































											                   	td: 
											                   	 





														          	         	
														          	         	
														          	         		
														                                personal
														                          	 	
														                        	



														          	         	
														          	         	
														          	         		
														                                small business
														                          	 	
														                        	



														          	         	
														                                commercial
														                          	 	
														                        	



														          	         	
														                                investing
														                          	 	
														                                    
selected




														          	         	
														          	         	
														          	         		
														                                about td
														                          	 	
														                        	




my accounts



get started



trade online


our trading platforms


for new investors


find an advisor


get advice remotely





services



td easy trade


direct investing


financial planning


private wealth management





learn



direct investing education


direct investing articles


direct investing webinars


markets and research


direct investing index


moneytalk: news and views


wealth learning resources




find us


help





																					country: canada 





																						canada
																						
																							
selected





																						us
																						
																					





																							language: english 
																							




english 
																							
																								
selected



français 
																							
																						


简体中文 
																							
																						


繁體中文 
																							
																						










login









td app


easyweb


u.s. banking














logout
                    









easyweb


my accounts
my profile
password & security
account settings
notifications & alerts


other accounts


webbroker
u.s. banking



























investing at td




whether you're new to investing, looking to work with an experienced professional or need personalized investing advice, we've got you covered.

























invest on your own


you're in control with easy-to-use tools to manage your investing. from anywhere, anytime.





















invest with a wealth advisor


offers personalized wealth strategies and solutions if you have a minimum investment of cdn $100,000.





















invest with a td personal banker


we can help you select investments that suit your investing goals, including td mutual funds and guaranteed investment certificates (gics).




















limited time offer 




get 1% back when you transfer and invest with td. 



















td direct investing


with td direct investing, you could get 1% cash back.1  for new and existing clients.
1 conditions apply. offer ends march 31, 2025





learn more























td wealth financial planning


you could earn up to 1% cash back2. get personalized advice from a dedicated td wealth financial planner to help you move closer to your financial goals.
2conditions apply. offer ends march 3, 2025





learn more













view more













with td, you're a more informed investor.


















investing made easy




explore td easy trade™ and td direct investing as two ways to start investing on your own.














play video canadians reviewing their retirement goals and savings plans with the help of td.










get started with a retirement goals review







play video canadians reviewing their retirement goals and savings plans with the help of td.


















uncover what drives your decisions.




our advisors apply the principles of behavioural finance to better understand your wealth personality and financial blind spots.












build your confidence with the td retirement calculator.




the td retirement calculator can help you calculate the amount you should save to help meet your retirement goals.














td app




our digital tools are safe and secure, and help make everyday banking easy.





















investing made easy

explore td easy trade™ and td direct investing as two ways to start investing on your own.













get started with a retirement goals review




play video canadians reviewing their retirement goals and savings plans with the help of td.



















uncover what drives your decisions.

our advisors apply the principles of behavioural finance to better understand your wealth personality and financial blind spots.













build your confidence with the td retirement calculator.

the td retirement calculator can help you calculate the amount you should save to help meet your retirement goals.















td app

our digital tools are safe and secure, and help make everyday banking easy.













td app

our digital tools are safe and secure, and help make everyday banking easy.




















legal




accessibility commitment

















have a question? find answers here
                    




what's your question?







ask us




popular questions
                            








                             sorry, we didn't find any results. you could check for misspelled words or try a different term or question.
                        












                            we're sorry.  service is currently unavailable.
                        






                         we found a few responses for you:
                    




                        we matched that to:
                    





popular questions


view morepopular questions




helpful related questions


view morehelpful related questions








did you find what you were looking for?



yesno






thank you





                                we're sorry.  service is currently unavailable.
                            





sorry this didn't help. would you leave us a comment about your search?












submit







thank you





























need to talk to us directly? contact us



follow td





x







facebook







instagram







youtube







linkedin






privacy & security 
legal
accessibility
about us
careers
manage online experience
site index















ciro advisorreport


























toronto-dominion centre – corporate office, 66 wellington street west, toronto, on m5k 1a2













toronto-dominion centre – corporate office
66 wellington street west, toronto, on m5k 1a2








back to top

top


























see you in a bit




you are now leaving our website and entering a third-party website over which we have no control.




continue to site




back to td bank




td bank group is not responsible for the content of the third-party sites hyperlinked from this page, nor do they guarantee or endorse the information, recommendations, products or services offered on third party sites.
third-party sites may have different privacy and security policies than td bank group. you should review the privacy and security policies of any third-party website before you provide personal or confidential information.


















site index





td personal banking

personal home
my accounts
how to
today's rates
accounts (personal)
chequing accounts
savings accounts
youth account
student account
credit cards
aeroplan miles
travel rewards
cash back
no annual fee
low rate
u.s. dollar
mortgages
borrowing
saving and investing
gic & term deposits
mutual funds
tfsa - tax-free savings account
rsp - retirement savings plan
rif - retirement income options
resp - education savings plan
rdsp - disability savings plan
precious metals
insurance
travel medical insurance
all products
students
new to canada
cross border banking
foreign exchange services
ways to pay
ways to bank
green banking





td small business banking

small business home
accounts (business)
chequing account
savings account
u.s. dollar account
agriinvest account
cheque services
credit
overdraft protection
line of credit
business credit cards (filtered)
loan
business mortgage
canada small business financial loan
agriculture credit solutions
td auto finance small business vehicle lending
invest for your business
advice for your profession or industry
td merchant solutions
foreign currency services
payroll services
employer services



td investing

investing home
direct investing
accounts
commissions and fees
trading platforms
investment types
investor education
td wealth
financial planning
private wealth management
markets and research





td corporate

about td
investor relations
economics
community
environment
diversity
td newsroom
careers



other td businesses

td commercial banking
td asset management
td securities
td auto finance



u.s. banking

td bank personal banking
td bank small business banking
td bank commercial banking
td auto finance
td wealth private client group
td bank personal financial services
































1 td direct investing 2025 winter wealth goals (the “offer”)
new and existing td direct investing clients can earn 1% cash back on cumulative eligible transfers for a cash back award (the "award"). this "offer" is available starting february 1, 2025 and ends on march 31, 2025 ("qualifying period").
eligibility: new and existing td direct investing clients are eligible for the offer. 
eligible "account(s)" for the offer:

cash (single or joint account holder)
margin (single or joint account holder)
tax-free savings account (single account holder) (tfsa) †
registered retirement savings plan (single account holder) (rrsp) †
corporate account

account(s) not eligible for the offer:

any non-personal accounts other than corporate (i.e. trusts, estates, investment clubs)
locked-in registered
registered education savings plans (resps) ††
retirement income funds (rifs) ††
registered disability savings plan (rdsp) ††
first home savings account (fhsa) †††

to be eligible for the offer, a client must:

be a new or existing td direct investing or td easy trade™ client, with account(s) in good standing at the time of participating in the offer.
be the age of majority in their province or territory by march 31, 2025.
be a legal resident of canada.
meet the requirements below.

how to qualify for the offer:
1.  register for the offer:
a. new clients: open a new account(s) using the promo code startgoals1 or objectifsdedepart1 by march 31, 2025.

if an account is opened in branch or over the phone, clients must request that a td representative register the client for the offer using the promo code.

b. existing clients: register for the offer using the registration form by march 31, 2025.

if an existing client chooses to open a new account(s) for the offer, the client can use the promo code startgoals1 or objectifsdedepart1 to enroll in the offer.
if a client wishes to enroll multiple accounts in the offer, clients can insert multiple account numbers on the registration form.

2. transfer $10,000 or more in investable assets or cash from another canadian financial institution(s) ("qualifying assets") to the new or existing eligible account(s) by april 30, 2025:
a. transfers originating from td direct investing, td easy trade, td wealth financial planning, td wealth financial planning direct, td wealth private investment advice, td wealth private investment counsel, td wealth private banking, and td wealth private trust accounts are not included in the qualifying assets.
b. transfers of mutual funds or guaranteed investment certificates originating from tdct accounts are not included in the qualifying assets. 
3. each client must maintain the qualifying assets in their eligible account(s) until april 30, 2026  ("holding period").
a. any qualifying assets withdrawn, deregistered, or transferred out from an account(s) within the qualifying period or before the holding period ends, will be subtracted from the value of qualifying assets.
b. if the qualifying assets fall below $10,000 at the end of the holding period, no award will be granted to the client.
c. assets transferred into the account(s) after the holding period will not form part of the qualifying assets
cash back award details:

clients are eligible to receive 1% cash back on the cumulative qualifying assets when they qualify for the offer.
the market value of investable assets at the time of deposit will be used to determine the qualifying assets.
the award will be calculated on the net deposit volume of qualifying assets in the enrolled account(s) between february 1, 2025, and april 30, 2026.
any withdrawals that occur within the dates of february 1, 2025, and april 30, 2026, will be subtracted from the qualifying assets.
the maximum award a client can receive is $10,000.
where the client's qualifying assets are transferred to only one new or existing account (whether single, joint or corporate), the award will be deposited into that account. where a client has enrolled multiple accounts (whether new or existing), that qualify for the cash back award, the award will be divided and deposited to each account in proportion to the value of qualifying assets transferred into each account.

key dates:

registration deadline: march 31, 2025
funding deadline: april 30, 2025
holding period: april 30, 2026
cash payout: by may 31, 2026

clients requiring assistance to register or otherwise apply for this offer should contact an investment representative at 1-800-465-5463 or ask for assistance at their td canada trust branch.
further terms and conditions:

to receive the award, a client must keep the account in good standing until the award payout date. this requires the account to not go into a debit position or into a margin call. debit positions on margin accounts are acceptable.
employees of td bank group are eligible for the offer.
this offer may be changed, extended, or withdrawn at any time without notice.
assets that have previously qualified for or received rewards under any prior promotional offer will not be included in qualifying assets for the purpose of calculating the award. this includes assets that are transferred out and subsequently transferred back in within the past 12 months.
td direct investing reserves the right to refuse the provision of any awards and benefits under this offer if it determines you have violated the terms as set out above.
the offer is not transferrable.
investable assets exclude any securities that are restricted, subject to a cease trade order or that are non-listed and without independent evidence of current value acceptable to td direct investing.
where a client transfers assets into multiple accounts, the qualifying assets will be calculated by combining the value of the assets transferred into the accounts.
an account that is a joint account refers to the cash or margin account that has more than one owner. the award is paid in full into the joint account and does not get allocated to each joint account owner. td direct investing is not responsible for how the payout is distributed amongst joint account owners once the award is paid out.
for members of the same household who open accounts that include one or more joint accounts, a single award will be (a) calculated based on the total of qualifying assets deposited into the accounts and (b) paid into the accounts in proportion to the value of the qualifying assets deposited into each of the accounts.
qualifying assets will be measured according to the combined value of canadian and u.s. denominated assets deposited in that currency component of an account(s). u.s. dollar balances will be converted into canadian dollars to determine eligibility.
there may be tax implications associated with the cash award. clients may wish to consult with their personal tax advisor for more information. for registered plans, the cash award is paid directly to the plan and is not considered a contribution.
interest, dividends, standard market fluctuations, and account fees will be excluded from calculations used to determine if an account qualifies for the awards.

†refers to the td waterhouse self-directed retirement savings plan and the td waterhouse tax-free savings account.
††refers to the td waterhouse self-directed registered education savings plan, the td waterhouse self-directed retirement income fund and the td waterhouse registered disability savings plan.
†††refers to the td waterhouse self-directed first home savings account.
td direct investing, td wealth financial planning and td wealth private investment advice are divisions of td waterhouse canada inc., a subsidiary of the toronto-dominion bank.
td easy trade™ is a service of td direct investing, a division of td waterhouse canada inc., a subsidiary of the toronto-dominion bank.
td wealth financial planning direct is a service offering from td wealth financial planning, a division of td waterhouse canada inc., a subsidiary of the toronto-dominion bank.
td wealth private investment counsel represents the products and services offered by td waterhouse private investment counsel inc., a subsidiary of the toronto-dominion bank.
td wealth private trust services are offered by the canada trust company.
td bank group means the toronto-dominion bank and its affiliates, who provide deposit, investment, loan, securities, trust, insurance and other products or services.
®the td logo and other td trademarks are the property of the toronto-dominion bank or its subsidiaries.




2 td wealth financial planning 2025 winter offer
new and existing clients of td wealth financial planning (including td wealth financial planning direct) can earn one or more cash awards (collectively the "award(s)") by transferring in $150,000 cad or more in investable assets from another canadian financial institution(s) or td canada trust account by following the criteria outlined below (the "offer"). the offer is available starting november 1, 2024 and ends on march 3, 2025.
new clients of td wealth financial planning (including td wealth financial planning direct) can earn an initial transfer award. new and existing clients of td wealth financial planning (including td wealth financial planning direct) can earn a cash back award and an ongoing transfer award. details for each of these award(s) are set out below. 
new and existing clients must work with their financial planners to initiate the transfer-in process. any branch deposit would not qualify for cash back award as described more fully below.  
eligibility: new and existing td wealth financial planning clients are eligible for the offer. 
new clients: "new" td financial planning clients must meet the following requirements: 

do not have any eligible td wealth financial planning account during the period of november 1, 2023 to october 31, 2024 inclusive;
any eligible td wealth financial planning account must commence on or after november 1, 2024. 

eligible "account(s)" for the offer:

tax-free savings account (tfsa)
registered personal or spousal retirement savings plan (rrsp) 
registered education savings plans (resps)
retirement income funds (rifs)
non-registered account types 

account(s) not eligible for the offer:

locked-in registered account types
non-personal accounts
registered disability savings plan (rdsp) 

to be eligible for the offer, a client must:

be a new or existing td wealth financial planning client, with account(s) in good standing at the time of participating in the offer. good standing requires that their account(s) to be open and must not go into a debit position.
be the age of majority in their province or territory by march 3, 2025.
be a legal resident of canada.
meet the requirements below.

how to qualify for the offer: 
initial transfer award  details (for new td wealth financial planning clients only)
1. new td wealth financial planning clients can earn a $250 initial transfer award by opening a td wealth financial planning account(s) and initiate transfer(s) of $150,000 (cad) or more in investable assets from another canadian financial institution(s) or td canada trust account, to their new td wealth financial planning account(s) ("qualifying assets") by march 3, 2025, noting:
a. the qualifying assets must be held in the td wealth financial planning account(s) until november 28, 2025.
b. transfers originating from existing td wealth financial planning (including td wealth financial planning direct), td direct investing, td easy trade™, td wealth private investment advice, td wealth private trust and td wealth private investment counsel accounts are not included in the qualifying assets.
c. qualifying assets must be transferred to a personal or spousal registered retirement savings plan (rrsp), personal or spousal retirement income fund (rif), registered education savings plan (resp), or tax-free savings account (tfsa) ("registered")1, or non-registered account types only (together, each a "qualifying account"). investable assets exclude any securities that are restricted, subject to a cease trade order or that are non-listed and without independent evidence of current value acceptable to td wealth financial planning.
d. qualifying assets will be measured according to the combined value of canadian and u.s. denominated assets deposited in that account type. usd balances will be converted into cad to determine eligibility; and
e. where a client transfers assets into multiple td wealth financial planning accounts, the qualifying assets will be calculated by combining the value of the assets transferred into those account(s) on the date the assets are deposited.
2. withdrawals, de-registrations or transfers of assets made from any qualifying td wealth financial planning account between november 1, 2024, and november 28, 2025 (the "qualifying period") will be subtracted from the value of the qualifying assets. if such withdrawals, de-registrations, or transfers during the qualifying period reduce the amount of the client's qualifying assets, the client may receive a lower award or no award based on the initial transfer award description above. if the client makes contributions after march 3, 2025, withdrawals equal or less than the amount of those contributions will not affect the value of the qualifying assets.
cash back award details (for new and existing td wealth financial planning clients)
1. new and existing clients can earn a 1% cash back award by initiating transfer(s) of $150,000 (cad) or more in investable assets from another canadian financial institution(s) and/or td canada trust account to their td wealth financial planning account(s) ("qualifying assets") by march 3, 2025, subject to the following:
a. to qualify for the cash back award, a minimum of $10,000 cad in investable assets must be transferred from another canadian financial institution that is not affiliated with td bank group. 
b. 1% cash back award is calculated on the portion of the assets transferred from another canadian financial institution. no cash back award is given on portion of the assets transferred from td canada trust. 
c. the maximum cash back award is $1,500.
d. the qualifying assets must be held in the td wealth financial planning account(s) until november 28, 2025.
e. clients must work with their financial planners to initiate the transfer-in process. any branch deposit would not qualify for cash back award. 
f. qualifying assets must be transferred to a personal or spousal registered savings plan (rrsp), or personal or spousal retirement income fund (rif), registered education savings plan (resp), or tax-free savings account (tfsa) ("registered")1, or non-registered account types only (together, each a "qualifying account"). investable assets exclude any securities that are restricted, subject to a cease trade order or that are non-listed and without independent evidence of current value acceptable to td wealth financial planning.
g. qualifying assets will be measured according to the combined value of canadian and u.s. denominated assets deposited in that account type. usd balances will be converted into cad to determine eligibility; and where a client transfers assets into multiple td wealth financial planning accounts, the qualifying assets will be calculated by combining the value of the assets transferred into those account(s) on the date the assets are deposited.
2. withdrawals, de-registrations or transfers of assets made from any qualifying td wealth financial planning account between november 1, 2024, and november 28, 2025 (the "qualifying period") will be subtracted from the value of the qualifying assets. if such withdrawals, de-registrations, or transfers during the qualifying period reduce the amount of the client's qualifying assets, the client may receive a lower award or no award based on the initial transfer award description above. if the client makes contributions after march 3, 2025 withdrawals equal or less than the amount of those contributions will not affect the value of the qualifying assets.
ongoing transfer award details (for new and existing td wealth financial planning clients)
new and existing clients are eligible to receive a $100 ongoing transfer award if they:
1. qualify for the initial transfer award (new clients) or qualify for the cash back award (existing clients).
2. set up or increase at least one monthly contribution plan ("mcp") or pre-authorized deposit ("pad")2 for transfer into at least one td wealth financial planning account noting:
a. the minimum set up amount for a new mcp or pad must be $25 (cad) for mcp and $25 (cad) for pad; or
b. existing mcps or pads in qualifying accounts can be increased by any amount.
3. complete the first transaction under the new mcp or pad instructions by march 3, 2025.
further terms and conditions:

to receive the award(s), a client must keep their qualifying account(s) in good standing with td wealth financial planning. good standing requires that their account(s) to be open and must not go into a debit position.
the maximum total award per new td wealth financial planning clients for the initial transfer award, cash back award, and ongoing transfer award is $1850 cad. 
the maximum total award per existing td wealth financial planning clients for the cash back award and ongoing transfer award is $1600 cad. 
transfers made or an mcp/pad set up by a joint account holder will be attributed to the account holder who has the joint account's tax slip issued in their name.
non-personal, professional and locked-in registered accounts do not qualify for this offer.
employees of td bank group are eligible for this offer.
this offer may be changed, extended, or withdrawn at any time without notice.
this offer cannot be combined with any other td wealth financial planning offer. if you do not wish to participate in this offer, please notify your td wealth financial planner.
td wealth financial planning will reimburse transfer fees incurred to move funds from another financial institution to a td wealth financial planning account.
this offer is not transferrable.
cancellation of mcps and pads require 3 months' notice.
there may be tax implications associated with the award(s). clients should consult with their personal tax advisor for more information. for registered plans, the award(s) will be paid directly to the plan and is not considered a contribution.
interest, dividends, and account fees will be excluded from calculations used to qualify accounts.

terms of award payment:
td wealth financial planning will pay the award(s) in cad to client's qualifying account(s) by february 9, 2026.
where the client's qualifying assets are transferred to a single account, the initial transfer award and the cash back award will be deposited into that account. where the client's qualifying assets are transferred to multiple accounts, the initial transfer award and the cash back award will be divided and deposited to each account in proportion to the value of the qualifying assets transferred into each account.
where a client sets up a new mcp or pad in multiple qualifying accounts, the ongoing transfer award portion of the award will be divided and deposited into those accounts in proportion to the value of transfers into each qualifying account between the day(s) the mcp and/or pad are created or increased to qualify, and march 3, 2025.
other
1 refers to the td waterhouse self-directed rsp, the td waterhouse self-directed rif, the td securities inc. self-directed education savings plan and the td waterhouse tax-free savings account. 
td wealth financial planning, td direct investing, td wealth private investment advice are divisions of td waterhouse canada inc., a subsidiary of the toronto- dominion bank.
td wealth financial planning direct is a service offering from td wealth financial planning, a division of td waterhouse canada inc.
td easytrade™ is a service of td direct investing, a division of td waterhouse canada inc., a subsidiary of the toronto-dominion bank.
td wealth private investment counsel represents the products and services offered by td waterhouse private investment counsel inc., a subsidiary of the toronto-dominion bank.
td wealth private trust services are offered by the canada trust company.
td bank group means the toronto-dominion bank and its affiliates, who provide deposit, investment, loan, securities, trust, insurance and other products or services.
® the td logo and other td trademarks are the property of the toronto-dominion bank or its subsidiaries.




























restart













transcipt







[music] the scene starts with a little girl stepping out onto a volleyball court with a number of taller girls. the camera zooms on the face of the girl.
 
voiceover (woman): you've always tried to defy the odds,
 
a young woman is sitting in a lecture hall with a group of mostly young men. she puts her hand up to answer a question.
 
voiceover: to defy the expected.
 
the same woman now in her thirties, dressed for the office in her kitchen, holding a child in one arm and taking a conference call on her cell phone and writing down some notes with her other hand.
voiceover: and although 79% of canadians don’t feel confident about their financial future,
 
overlay text: financial planning standards council . the value of financial planning and awareness of cfp certification, a
 
global financial planning study, canada results, 2015
 
same woman sits down with a td financial advisor inside a td branch.
 
voiceover: let's work to help defy the numbers.
 
the woman is seen conversing with the td advisor.
 
voiceover: get started with a retirement goals review.
 
overlay text:
 
the td shield appears along with ready for you tagline.
 
td.com/invest
the td logo and other trade-marks are the property of the toronto-dominion bank. [music]
 
[music]






















td wealth commitment to accessibility and multi-year accessibility plan
this commitment to accessibility and multi-year accessibility plan applies to td waterhouse private investment counsel inc. and td waterhouse canada inc., including its divisions, td direct investing (including td easy trade, which is a service of td direct investing), td wealth financial planning (including td wealth advice connect which is a service of td wealth financial planning) and td wealth private investment advice (collectively, "td wealth").
commitment to accessibility

td wealth is committed to ensuring that every employee and client receives equitable treatment with respect to employment and services, without discrimination, and receives accommodation where required.
through progressive policies, communication and training, accommodation measures and recruitment practices, td wealth strives to provide a fully inclusive, barrier-free environment.
td wealth is dedicated to creating a welcoming, fair, and inclusive environment for td wealth clients and employees and complying with legal and regulatory requirements.
our commitment and the td wealth accessibility policy is aligned with the td accessibility policy (canada) which includes the following commitments:
td is committed to meeting the accessibility needs of persons with disabilities in a timely manner. td goods, services, facilities, employment, accommodation, buildings, structures of premises will be made accessible to meet the needs of persons with disabilities:

td will accommodate the accessibility needs of employees in the workplace and applicants with disabilities in its recruitment processes.
td will provide training on accessibility in the workplace and with respect to providing products, services, and facilities to persons with disabilities.
td will design and provide products, services, and facilities to meet the accessibility needs of persons with disabilities.

additional information is available on the td accessibility page
td wealth multi-year accessibility plan 2020-2025

td wealth has established a multi-year accessibility plan ("the plan") which outlines our strategy to prevent and remove barriers to meeting the accessibility needs of people with disabilities. the plan will be reviewed and updated at least once every five years.
the plan is available in an accessible format upon request.
accessibility policies
diversity and inclusiveness play a big part in td wealth's corporate responsibility model. td wealth is committed to be a welcoming place for all our clients and employees. although td wealth has implemented policies and processes relating to accessibility for our clients and employees, we are committed to reviewing these policies and enhancing them as our reality changes.
the td wealth accessibility policy is available in an accessible format upon request.
communicating with our clients
td wealth is committed to communicating with people with disabilities in ways that consider their disability. td wealth will implement accessibility requirements under the information and communication standards to ensure that information and communication systems and platforms are accessible and are provided in an accessible format that meet the needs of persons with disabilities.
assistive devices
we are committed to serving people with disabilities who use assistive devices to obtain or use our products and services.
we will ensure that employees know what assistive devices are available and how to access information about assistive technologies.
use of service animals and support persons
people with disabilities may bring a service animal onto public td wealth premises. td wealth will provide training for all employees, contractors, volunteers, and others who represent td wealth regarding how to interact with people with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal.
any person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person will be allowed to enter td wealth premises that are open to the public with their support person. at no time will a person with a disability be prevented from accessing their support person while on td wealth premises.
in situations where td wealth has obligations under privacy laws or has issues of confidentiality, a support person may be requested to agree to the requirements of service just as the person with a disability does.
when support persons are required (e.g., sign language interpreters, attendants) for meetings, consultations, or other events, we will work together with the person with the disability to meet their needs.
feedback process
we welcome feedback on how we're doing in the delivery of our products and services from all clients.
td wealth will use our standard feedback processes to receive feedback under the td wealth accessibility policy. to provide feedback please call 1-800-831-1158 or tty 1-800-361-1180, monday to friday from 8am to 8pm (et) or email customer.service@td.com or td.waterhouse@td.com
feedback/responses will be in a format that is accessible to the client.
accessible formats
td wealth is committed to providing clients with the choice of document format that best suits the client's needs.
on request, clients can receive documentation in formats designed for the visually impaired. these alternative formats include, but are not limited to, braille, large format and audio recording.
td wealth will record the format preference and send future documentation or communication in the format desired on a best effort basis.
accessible websites and web content
td wealth will make websites accessible to people with disabilities by conforming to international standards for website accessibility, the world wide web consortium web content accessibility guidelines (wcag).
td wealth websites and content on those sites will be compliant with the expectations and timelines under the accessibility for ontarians with disabilities act, 2005 and associated regulations.
temporary disruptions
in the event of a planned or unexpected disruption in facilities or services, we will provide information about the reason for the disruption, how long it is expected to last, and a description of any alternative facilities or services available (where applicable).
training
td wealth will provide accessibility training focused on the provision of products and services to our clients.
training will also be provided to employees involved in the development of policies, practices, and procedures regarding the provision of products and services.
training will be provided to each person as soon as possible after they are assigned applicable duties.


















