home - muddy water retriever club


 


 


 




  
  muddy water retriever club     home  hunt test  training schedule   training guidelines  membership information and officers  merchandise       muddy waters retriever club welcome to the muddy waters retriever club. we're located in central wisconsin. our purpose is to help each other to train our gundogs for hunting, hunt tests and field trials. the club is a charter member of the hunting retriever club (hrc) and united kennel club (ukc).  we like to promote hunting with a well-trained dog, and the many friendships formed through training will often last a lifetime.  join us as we have fun training our dogs on great training grounds and in a low stress and exciting environment.     



 


 




  history the muddy waters retriever club is all about training working retrievers, versatile hunting dogs and having a good time.

the club got its start on the internet. in early 2002, perry stewart was looking for a club to join near central wisconsin to help with the training of his new retriever. there were no clubs within 100 miles of central wisconsin. he got in contact with jim esslinger on a hunting chat forum, and they met together on a couple of occasions to train. perry contacted kevin mcmahon, and jim contacted paul rheinschmidt and will minette on the forums to join their training sessions as each were also looking for a club or people to train with in central wisconsin. after a few months, word got out as the training group grew, thoughts turned to forming an official retriever club in the summer of 2002.

the club name originated from a bunch of duck hunting guys on the same chat forum tossing out ideas, the list was reduced to a few and voted on and the name became "the backwater retriever club". after some searching we soon found out that the name was already taken by another club, so we switched it shortly thereafter to the second most popular name, the muddy waters retriever club.   



 


 




  muddy water retriever club   home  hunt test  training schedule   training guidelines  membership information and officers  merchandise             address 200684 county road o bergen, wi 54455   muddywatersretrievers@gmail.com   about us muddy waters retriever club is a local hunting retriever club based in central wisconsin    





    