








deray mckesson

































buy
















praise foron the other side of freedom







“hope and insight and empathy spring from every page of on the other side of freedom. deray mckesson cools our fears of the struggle, ever guiding us on how to struggle. he stares down the faces of bigotry and unfreedom and cynicism and doesn’t flinch in writing out our marching orders toward freedom.”
ibram x. kendi, national book award winner and author of new york times bestselling how to be an antiracist
buy
in stores now
















subscribe to the award-winning podcastpod save the people
organizer and activist deray mckesson explores news, culture, social justice, and politics through deep conversations with influencers and experts, and the weekly news with fellow activists brittany packnett and sam sinyangwe, and writer clint smith.
each week brings a news analysis, followed by deep conversations about social, political and cultural issues with experts, influencers, and diverse local and national leaders.
subscribe















about deray
deray mckesson is a civil rights activist focused primarily on issues of innovation, equity and justice. born and raised in baltimore, he graduated from bowdoin college and holds honorary doctorates from the new school and the maryland institute college of art.
deray has advocated for issues related to children, youth, and families since he was a teen. as a leading voice in the black lives matter movement and a co-founder of campaign zero, deray has worked to connect individuals with knowledge and tools, and provide citizens and policy makers with commonsense policies that ensure equity. he has been praised by president obama for his work as a community organizer, has advised officials at all levels of government and internationally, and continues to provide capacity to activists, organizers, and influencers to make an impact.
read more pdf version









in the news
vested interests: why deray mckesson matters

advocate
february 25, 2016


the first time i sit down with deray mckesson — the most followed activist in the black lives matter movement — i am struck by his familiarity. this feeling of knowingness is unique to my generation: millennials who’ve grown up not only with the internet but on the internet, where our online selves — our avatars and selfies and tweets — take the lead.





in the news
‘our demand is simple: stop killing us’

the new york times magazine
may 4, 2015


how a group of black social media activists built the nation’s first 21st-century civil rights movement.









get in touch.












