






 



lulur spa | day spa & facials | west hollywood ca










































































































skip to content



(310) 659-4100info@lulurspa.comtues. - sat. 10am - 6pmfacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowpinterest page opens in new window


lulur spa
west hollywood day spa


shopshop by categorycleansers & toners exfoliators & masks eye & lip treatment moisturizers protection serums & treatments  shop by concernsacne anti-aging discoloration dry oily sensitive  shop by skin care linebiodroga ddf skinceuticals skinmedica  gift vouchers$100 e-gift voucher $200 e-gift voucher $300 e-gift voucher $500 e-gift voucher   servicesfacials microdermabrasion & oxygen infusion c-quench reverse peel peel and reveal the sculpting lift acne free pimple 911 anti-age hydrocell skincare for men only pure organics back facial led light therapy paraffin hand treatment waxing eyebrows, lip & chin  day sparené andersen day spa staff press & reviews day spa gift certificates  skin care tips spa photos contact 


 0



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 





search:












 
shopshop by categorycleansers & toners exfoliators & masks eye & lip treatment moisturizers protection serums & treatments  shop by concernsacne anti-aging discoloration dry oily sensitive  shop by skin care linebiodroga ddf skinceuticals skinmedica tata harper  gift vouchersgift card $100 e-gift voucher $200 e-gift voucher $300 e-gift voucher $500 e-gift voucher   servicesfacials microdermabrasion & oxygen infusion c-quench reverse peel peel and reveal the sculpting lift acne free pimple 911 anti-age hydrocell skincare for men only pure organics back facial led light therapy paraffin hand treatment waxing eyebrows, lip & chin  day sparené andersen day spa staff press & reviews day spa gift certificates  skin care tips spa photos contact 

















skin rejuvenation 
							lulur spa in west hollywood, ca delivers a high quality spa experience.
we are here to relax and rejuvenate you. 
							 


day spa services 
							lulur spa offers a wide range of superior day spa services.
you will leave feeling rejuvenated and radiant. 
							 


skin care products 
							lulur day spa offers a variety of luxurious skin care products that keep your skin glowing from the inside out. 
							 







lulur spa in west hollywood


since 2001, lulur spa has been servicing west hollywood clientele with superior spa services. founder rené andersen, is committed to delivering a high quality day spa experience for more than 3 decades. let lulur spa be your oasis. we are here to relax and rejuvenate you.

make an appointment


lulur spa services
lulur spa offers a wide range of day spa services designed with you in mind. from facials and microdermabrasion, to led light therapy and paraffin treatments, lulur spa’s services will leave you feeling rejuvenated and radiant – ready to face your day.

spa services
skin care gift card
share the gift of luxurious skin. if you are looking for the perfect present for your loved one, consider a lulur spa gift card. as a gift of love or one of thanks, lulur spa will not disappoint. since 2001, we have been providing the best day spa services in west hollywood ca.

gift cards
spa salon specials
lulur spa is proud to offer a variety of specials. we understand that day spa treatments are often a luxury, and we do our best to offer our clients the finest packages available to treat yourself frequently. check back regularly as our specials change on an ongoing basis.

spa specials
best selling skin care products & services


discover lulur spa’s best selling skin care products. we carry the best facial cleansers, facial creams, and beauty products to help give you a flawless complexion.











$200 e-gift voucher

$200.00
add to cart 














$100 e-gift voucher

$100.00
add to cart 










out of stock



skinceuticals retinol 1.0

$92.00
details 














$300 e-gift voucher

$300.00
add to cart 










out of stock



skinceuticals age interrupter

$156.00
details 










out of stock



skinceuticals retinol 0.5

$80.00
details 








news & tips for skincare


the dietary cure for acne:  the paleo dietfebruary 5, 2014what is hyperpigmentation & how do i treat itjanuary 21, 2014winterize your skinjanuary 15, 2014what clients are saying about lulur spaellenwest hollywood, casuperb – sensational – sublime are three words that accurately describe the lulur day spa. rené, is the secret weapon of many of hollywood’s stars and insiders. she s the who’s who in the world of facials. the lulur day spa gets 5 stars.
loiswest hollywood, cai have been enjoying rené’s healing hands for over 25 years and trust her with my skin more than most doctors. she has always fixed me up when i have had allergic reactions and when i am needing to look fresh and youthful there is no one better than rené.
dr. bill dorfmanbeverly hills, cai have been going to rené for 15 years now, and will not go anywhere else! the atmosphere is so welcoming and tranquil. my days are always so busy, but i always leave feeling relaxed and refreshed. my skin is in excellent condition and i owe it all to rené.
the lulur spa expert skin care team



rené andersenfounder & paramedical aestheticiane-mailfacebookxlinkedinyelp





ann kellyparamedical aestheticiane-mail





carla cohenclinical estheticianpersonal blog / websitee-mailfacebookxlinkedinyelp


schedule skin care appointment

contact a lulur spa professional in west hollywood today for all your skin care needs.
make appointment











skin care adviceplease fill all widget settings!skincare news & infothe dietary cure for acne:  the paleo dietfebruary 5, 2014what is hyperpigmentation & how do i treat itjanuary 21, 2014winterize your skinjanuary 15, 2014west hollywood spa

			lulur spa		

			642 1/2 n robertson blvd
west hollywood, ca 90069		

get directions


(310) 659-4100


info@lulurspa.com


schedule appointmentname *
e-mail *
message
submit
 









					©2016 lulur spa. all rights reserved.
                








go to top


 




































































