



kids tv - classic programmes from yesteryear.



















the programmes:

abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz




on the site

home page
q + a forum
faq
links
contact
contributors
info

the features

cartoon rules
claim to fame
site history
play school toys
stars of kids tv
tv tat
kids tv quizes













kids tv - classic programmes from yesteryear

welcome to the site that is guaranteed to make you feel old.
kids tv has been reminding people of long missed programmes from when they were children for over 15 years and whether it's the characters, the stories or, more than likely, the theme tune that you remember, it may well be here somewhere.
there aren't any hard and fast rules for which programmes are listed here but they were all shown in the uk at some point, they mostly appeared sometime after tv started realising that children watched tv (early 70s) and sometime before the toy companies started realising that children watched tv (mid to late 80s). coincidently, this is the time that i myself was a child watching tv. to be listed though, the programme need to be, by and large, more than any good (though the odd dud is mentioned as well).
contributions to the site, whether it's new information about a programme listed, or a programme that's been missed, are very welcome and can be sent to info@kids-tv.co.uk.
one last thing to bear in mind, this isn't "encyclopaedia children's television". there's no episode guide, no cast list and some of the descriptions are vague at best, the site is here to jog your memory, not help you pass an exam!
so, sit down, relax and remind yourselves of the times you'd sit about a foot from the screen and watch your favorite classics. oh, and join the facebook group, that sees a lot more updates than this website.
ian trembirthnovember 2015.

a traveller in time




"simply media", the people who released the rather brilliant "moondial" earlier in the year have released another children's classic - "a traveller in time".
first shown on the bbc in 1978 the programme is an adaptation of the story by alison uttley about a 20th century teenager trasnported back to elizabthean times to rescue mary queen of scots.
now the bbc no longer show family dramas on a sunday afternoon in the run up to christmas, this might be the perfect thing to take their place.
it's a great story, very well told and has the perfect mix of being very entertaining and just that little bit spooky.


"like" kids tv on facebook 



©1998 - 2025 kids-tv.co.uk



wholesale air max|cheap air jordans|pompy wtryskowe|cheap nike shoes| bombas inyeccion|cheap jordans|cheap sneakers|wholesale jordans|cheap china jordans|cheap wholesale jordans|cheap jordans|wholesale jewelry china|wholesale jerseys|cheap jordans|wholesale jordans|cheap jordans|wholesale jordan shoes|cheap nfl jerseys|cheap jordan shoes|wholesale nfl jerseys|cheap jordans|wholesale nfl jerseys|wholesale jordans


