




chealwatch ltd















chealwatch ltd






home
about
contact
our sales site
clock repairs
our info site
our sales site








  
chealwatch ltd watchmaker 
oaklands , peasmarsh road, beckley, rye, tn31 6tj 
          01797 260693  
chealwatch@gmail.com 








 







chealwatch ltd





ebaywe have a number of watches and watch parts for sale on ebay

click on the ebay logo to search for items on ebay that contain 'chealwatch'some items may be watches we have serviced and others are our sales




visit watch sales website




visit our information website




sales
our watch sales




pocket watch servicing and repairs
pocket watches
info for pocket watch servicing and repairs.




clock servicing and repairs
clocks
info for east sussex and kent clock servicing and repairs.




contact
phone: +44 (0)1797 260693
email: chealwatch@gmail.com


privacy policy













chris heal fbhi watchmaker

any enquiries to chris heal watchmaker for chealwatch ltd please email: chealwatch@gmail.com


our main watch servicing business is now closed although we are able to fit batteries for most brand of watch. 
for watch battery fitting visit our information website
          visit our information website

watchrepairers discussion group
          
for info and to join the discussion group click this link or join on this page by adding your email below and click subscribe   
i will still be the list owner for our watch repairers discussion group 
          where members can swap ideas and information about watch repairing.
          watchmakers please join my mailing list that is restricted to discussion on the following subjects

          watch part suppliers
          watch parts wanted or for-sale or exchanged
          information about watch parts interchange ability.

          
           you can join the group from the link below 






					subscribe to our group
				












for clock servicing and repairs contact robert wren m.b.h.i
         provides and comprehensive clock repair and advice service in the east sussex and kent area.
contact

           to contact robert wren clocks email: wren500@btinternet.com
based near hastings, east sussex, convenient for customers in the south east of england and london.
robert wren m.b.h.i.
telephone 07774 750 722
robert wren web site


          my life time passion for horology started in 1975, working after school in my uncle's workshop, in the old town of hastings. two years later, i embarked on a five year apprenticeship with arthur wren & sons.  
self-employment soon followed and in 1985 i opened my own shop restoring and selling clocks and watches.  
in 1995 i decided to improve my knowledge in early horology and studied for two years at west dean college under roger still and frank smith.  upon graduating i worked for derek roberts antiques, later becoming manager.  
during this period i also worked part time for other institutions, including christie?s, bonhams, the british museum, working on pre-balance spring watches and west dean college as assistant tutor on the conservation & restoration of antique clocks programme.  
in 2012 i returned to self-employment, working and dealing in fine antique clocks, assisting clients with their collections and as a consultant at christie?s, kings street, london.

i am a liveryman of the worshipful company of clockmakers, a member of the antiquarian horological society, the british horological institute and the british watch & clock makers guild and regularly attend their lectures and events. 
recently i have been fortunate to have been part of a team who dismantled, logged, packed and moved the worshipful company of clockmakers collection from the guildhall museum to its new location in the science museum, london.
robert wren m.b.h.i.
        












					subscribe to our watch repairers discussion group
				





view archives





read more at watchpro



sales
 
on line saleswe have watches on sale at our sales site. most watches we sell are fully serviced in our workshop
sales.chealwatch.info
ebaywe have a number of watches and watch parts for sale on ebay

click on the ebay logo to search for items on ebay that contain 'chealwatch'some items may be watches we have serviced and others are our sales











chealwatch ltd



home | our work | about | sending | contact
	  website template by free html5 templates









