



studenthealth - health advice for students and young people, written by doctors

























 





























smelly special




pen and ink, ming, honk, hum, whiff, pong, ronk. call it what you like but 
there's no escaping (especially those nearby) that ominous smell. this month our 
smelly special gives you advice on what to do if you wake up one morning and 
realise that smell isn't the dog, it's you.





bacterial vaginosis
bacterial vaginosis is the most common vaginal infection, typically causing increased discharge which is usually non-irritant but has a characteristic ‘fishy’ smell. the smell may be more obvious after sexual intercourse. it can be a single infection or can co-exist along with other infections such as thrush and with sexually transmitted infections. it can also be completely symptomless.  it is not classed as a sexually transmitted infection, as, like thrush (candida) it can occur in women who are not in a sexual relationship at the time. treatment of partners does not seem to prevent relapse, which can be common, (up to 60% within 3 months of successful treatment)... [more] 




bad breath
bad breath, or halitosis, arises mainly from the coating of the tongue and the crevices between the teeth and gums. dental plaque is a substance which settles on the teeth and is made up of dead cells and bacteria. it accumulates rapidly if you don't keep your teeth and gums really clean. the bacteria cause the release of sulphide compounds and it is these compounds are responsible for the smell. if you think you clean your teeth well already, try using some of the plaque demonstrating tablets that they use in schools to show kids where to brush their teeth. you may be in for a shock... [more] 




smelly feet 
there are two main causes of smelly feet and both are encouraged by damp, humid environments, ie sweaty feet in trainers and boots!... [more] 




sunshine advice
sunshine or more specifically ultraviolet (uv) light can, and does cause damage to skin. apart from sunburn ultraviolet radiation also speeds up the skin’s ageing process and also increases the incidence of skin cancers.... [more] 




sweating
we all sweat. it is an important aspect of the body’s cooling system. however, approximately 1% of the population suffer with excessive sweating hyperhydrosis.
hyperhidrosis usually occurs on the hands, face, feet and under the arms. it can cause a great deal of embarrassment, particularly if you have a job where you are regularly meeting people and need to shake hands..... [more] 













          
 
 






				site content supported by
				the health and 
				fitness institute experts in
				
				online personal training courses

				ultimate performance's aoife okenedo martin experienced and 
				certified
				
				london personal trainer

 



               






         
 
 
 


		    






          
           






 
 
 


 





 


 

home | terms & conditions | privacy
              policy | site
              map
            owned and managed by studenthealth ltd






