






            
                benefitmall - general agency broker services for employee benefits & insurance plans
            

            
        






























skip to main content





linkedin



facebook



youtube



x



apple podcasts



google podcasts



spotify



rss feed



stitcher



wistia



play



phone



show more



back



forwards



search



close



menu





type a search query




close search








benefitmall














main menu



            services





back
                





small group benefits solutions
small business specialists offering the right solutions.

                
    learn moreabout small group benefits solutions








large group benefits solutions
complete, compliant benefit solution for large groups.

                
    learn moreabout large group benefits solutions







services


small group


large group


senior market


individual market


self-funded


account service division


professional employer organization







            products





back
                





carrier products search
with over 200 carrier partners, you can be confident in finding the right portfolio of benefits products for your customers.

                
    learn moreabout carrier products search








non-medical & voluntary benefits
help your customers control costs and attract top talent with the non-medical products that are in demand.

                
    learn moreabout non-medical & voluntary benefits







products


carrier products search


non-medical & voluntary benefits


value-added products & services







            technology





back
                





agency workspace
your benefitmall business in a single, secured space.

                
    learn moreabout agency workspace








quoting (crqs)
quote multiple lines of coverage from multiple carriers in one system.

                
    learn moreabout quoting (crqs)







technology


agency workspace


client ready quote system


benefits administration






tools + intel



            compliance





back
                





broker compliance alerts
from data security to irs forms, stay up to date on reliable business news across the industry.

                
    learn moreabout broker compliance alerts








webinar library
if you were unable to attend one of our live webinars, you can access the recording or presentation in our webinar library.

                
    learn moreabout webinar library







compliance


broker compliance alerts


webinar library


compliance resources


continuing education


compliance products & services







            resources





back
                





contact us
have questions? we're here to help and would love to hear from you.

                
    learn moreabout contact us








locations & directory
find contact information for benefitmall locations near you.

                
    learn moreabout locations & directory







resources


events


broker training


agency workspace resources


press & media


regional broker resources


contact us











log in to agency workspace













your trusted general agency for broker services
unlock your potential with benefitmall, your general agency partner dedicated to helping you reach new heights and achieve broker success.

become a broker










empowering health insurance brokers
providing your clients with tailored employee benefits solutions that offer a competitive edge and address the demands of today's workforce is crucial.for over 40 years, benefitmall has been dedicated to the health insurance broker community, leveraging our deep industry expertise, extensive carrier partner network, and cutting-edge digital technology. our passionate team of experts is here to support you, ensuring your success and celebrating your achievements.











single. seamless. secure.

                    your agency workspace
                


menu_book


manage your entire book of business

view client data, recent activity, renewals, commissions, and rewards. run quotes, conduct enrollments, and submit to carriers. access carrier documents, training, and support.



bar_chart


quoting & census management

complete demographic data and create proposals for multiple carriers and lines of coverage with our robust quoting tool, client ready quote system® (crqs).



devices


online, digital enrollment

import your quote’s census, plan data, and rates seamlessly for faster, accurate enrollments from any device, anywhere.



file_present


benefits administration

administer employee benefits, reduce duplicate data entry, and manage census data year-round.




request demo
view technology









carriers you know & trust
with more than 200 carrier partners offering health insurance plans to dental and vision to voluntary and worksite products—you can be confident in providing the perfect portfolio of benefits to your clients.


















































































































































































view products









200+
carrier partners


20k+
broker network


200k+
in-force groups


40+
years serving brokers










regional broker resources
at benefitmall, we believe that every broker has the power to grow, adapt, and succeed in an ever-evolving market. yes! you can thrive this season—and we’re here to make sure you do.with your most-requested resources and key contacts all in one place, you’re ready to make waves. you’re doing it, and we’re right by your side every step of the way!

visit regional resources










celebrating your success
benefitmall's sales incentive program is designed with you in mind and rewards you for your business. in 2024, you can qualify for one of two reward tiers plus a bonus tier when you place new business with benefitmall. you and a guest can experience a palm beach paradise when you qualify for the top tier reward—the 22nd benefitmall annual summit trip at the exclusive eau palm beach resort and spa!

learn more










844-448-9435

844-448-9435
live chat help
live chat unavailable


toggle more details on live chat









need digital support? 844-448-9435 | digitalsupport@benefitmall.com






about us


our company


senior leadership


regional sales & service


locations & directory


career opportunities




website


contact us


terms & conditions


privacy policy


accessibility


legal


safety & security




news


press & media


tools + intel




partner with us


brokers


carriers


business development







benefitmall











linkedin






                    © 2025 centerstone insurance and financial services, llc d/b/a benefitmall. california license no. 0639679.
                    no claim to any government works or material copyrighted by third parties. this material is intended
                    for licensed insurance agency use only. this is not intended for business owner or insured use.
                    if you are not a licensed agent, please disregard this communication.
                    
                        

cookie settings









