







the threepenny editor | ace manuscript services for writers













































































































              home
            

            services
          

            faq
          

            articles
          

            contact
          











































































homeservicesfaqarticlescontact







ace manuscript services for writers











scroll






 
 insightful editing

  for creative writers.

 


    learn more
  

   









we have 20 years’ experience in literary, queer, multicultural, and speculative fiction. our clients get deals with penguin random house, simon & schuster, hachette, and more.

  

the threepenny editor specializes in editing fiction, literary nonfiction, and scholarly storytelling. we offer free sample edits, and without exception, a great experience. whether you plan to self-publish or pursue a traditional book deal, we help you strengthen your craft and your draft.our founder, sarah cypher, named the business after a beloved bookstore in pittsburgh, pennsylvania. twenty years later and based out of austin, texas, our small, exclusive team of editors across the us brings love and expertise to every project. we have been a proud member of the editorial freelancers association since 2014.

 

get a no-obligation sample edittell us about your manuscript and publishing goals. we’ll show what we can do to get you there.




    start now
  

 

our clients’ books



























































 

 







 

about your editormy name is sarah cyphereditor and principal since 2001, i served as a university press editor for three years and as a freelance writer and editor my entire career. my novel, the skin and its girl, is an american library association stonewall honor book & winner of the 2024 barbara gittings literature award. my book reviews, short stories, and essays have appeared in the washington post, literary hub, electric literature, new ohio review, north american review, crab orchard review, the oregonian, publishers weekly, and more. i hold an mfa from the program for writers at warren wilson college and a b.a. in creative writing, phi beta kappa, from carnegie mellon university.i work with a few trusted co-editors to help writers realize their dreams. contact us today to see which of us is the best match for your manuscript.




    more about my writing
  

 

testimonials



(click arrows for more)






testimonials





















“sarah’s editorial talent extends beyond the intellect into the imaginative/intuitive realm. she guided me through changes in structure that brought my hybrid biography/memoir to the next level—the level of completion. her professionalism is imbued with genuine respect and warm support.”lois eustis tate (wayne ngan, island potter: a portrait by a friend, www.loiseustistate.com)






















“sarah cypher is one of the most intuitively gifted editors of fiction i've encountered.”jane mccafferty (repped by aragi inc.)






















“there are editors and then there's sarah. her input is like rocket fuel. she's good at everything. big stuff and small. structural issues and poignant character beats. all of it.”c. e. tobisman (repped by sanford j. greenburger  assoc.)






















“sarah's suggestions were very specific and made so much sense. she really has a rare gift--i've never worked with a more competent, imaginative editor before.”karan bajaj (repped by levine greenberg literary agency)






















"i've been diligently re-writing using amelia beamer’s edit letter and finding it truly invaluable to have these editorial notes and comments as a guide; it has really helped me see the manuscript with fresh eyes, and i'm grateful for the work the threepenny editor put in."william morassutti, editor and marketing executive






















“the threepenny editor was one of the best investments i've made. thank you for helping me bring my novel up to a higher level. you are amazing!”rob hopper (repped by aei international)






















sarah's editing was a gift. her ability to see through my second language catapulted a few colorful stories into a bona fide memoir. she was relentless and professional, her attention to detail exquisite, her understanding of worlds not her own impressive. sarah will turn the most delicate and precious memories into literature.myriam lopez, “i only lied a little”






















i just wanted to say a big thank you to sarah and team for the outstanding job they did on my novel. the man from lagos has been very well received. i couldn't have done it without you all. bayo fasinro, “the man from lagos”






















“sarah is an amazingly gifted editor. she immediately focused on what my manuscript needed and taught me how to improve my writing. i strongly recommend her.”kathleen walker (repped by the macgregor agency)






















“with sarah, the editorial communication process i had was insightful, professional, supportive, and respectful--good training for the road ahead.”chris rice (repped by victoria sanders & assoc. agency)






















“true beauty lies in the details! much like a sculptor's scalpel, sarah's edits have helped highlight the intricacies of my work. my characters are more vivid and my plot more resonant. thanks!”sanjiv behera






















“sarah's consistency, patience and dedication helped my novel achieve the highest editorial standard possible.”linda horowitz






















“my novel was a bit sprawling and indulgent until sarah provided the macro-level criticism i needed to streamline the various story arcs and keep the novel flowing.”mark radcliffe, new york, ny






















“sarah went above and beyond my expectations. her care and conscientiousness really shine through.”robert kennedy






















“hiring sarah was the best investment we could have made! thanks to her suggestions, our book has undergone a metamorphosis, emerging as a strong, solid, and marketable novel.”shelley mcclanahan






















“sarah is an a-1 professional, and always comes up with terrific ideas. there is no other editor with whom i would choose to work.”stephen maitland-lewis (winner of the 2012 benjamin franklin award)






















“sarah's feedback is insightful, positive, and constructive. it has given me the direction i needed.”nicola connelly, ireland






















“sarah cypher not only improved my novel, she taught me how to be a better writer. she is highly skilled in her craft, and was with me every step of the way.”daniel duguay, ottawa, on






















“working with sarah took my writing career to the next level. she helped my manuscript thrive, & i learned so much along the way! she goes above & beyond - plus she's a delight!”katya lidsky, la






















“sarah's language skills and insight for story are nearly jedi, her gentleness with writers is angelic, and her timeliness and commitment to deadlines would inspire fedex.”mike caron, beaverton, or






















“rewriting with sarah guiding via her gentle yellow balloons is like growing a new lobe in my brain.”stuart hodes, nyc






















“i truly appreciate sarah’s thorough attention to the work, the time she takes, and her integrity.”maisie mackinnon, oregon city, or






















“sarah cypher is a true professional and a pleasure to work with. ... her guidance gave me the confidence to go back and revise, and her attention to detail was remarkable.”jen knox (san antonio, tex.)




























you can get a sample edit
we’ll do a test run on your opening pages to show you how good editing can transform and polish your writing.















editorial critiques
are usually 15–20 pages and include about 200 notes at the end of the letter to aid with scene-specific revisions.















the standout edit
evaluates your query letter and first 50 pages with an industry insider’s eye to help your submission stand out from the rest.















line editing
is custom-quoted and includes a deep line edit, margin notes, and a critique. all projects include a free follow-up hour.






    learn more
  













subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates twice a year.




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you! you’ll receive two newsletters a year with writing advice, opportunities, promos, and good news.













home



what manuscript editors do



editor bio



book editing services



newsletter signup












the threepenny editor
santa rosa, ca,
united states
4128498596
sarah@threepennyeditor.com


hours
mon 9am - 4 pm
tue 9am - 4 pm
wed 9am - 4 pm
thu 9am - 4 pm
fri 9am - 4 pm




ready to share your project with us?




    get a quote
  



twitterinstagram




home  |  bio  |  services  |  faq  |  articles  |  contact© sarah cypher, 2020









