

table of contents for all of tom chester's webpages



table of contents for all of tom chester's webpages

on 29 december 2011, i finally stopped paying for my znet site (sd.znet.com/~schester/tchester/index.html).   i'd been keeping it around since 2004, simply because i didn't have the time to move the mostly-dead pages from there, including my fallbrook site.  all my znet pages are now reached from a "znet" directory at tchester.org, but have had no changes made to them.  in particular, the url at the bottom of the page is now incorrect, and my contact email address (tchester@ipac.caltech.edu) is still a no-longer valid email address.  in the table below, links to those pages are marked with an asterisk.

i've added direct links to each of the individual znet main pages below.

also, i no longer update links for most of my pages.  i have over 2,000 webpages, and it is simply not possible for one person to keep the links current.  almost all the now-dead links can be found at the internet archive by putting the old url into their wayback machine.




field guides: (some with jane strong)
	
fallbrook area*
san bernardino and san jacinto mountains
san diego county
san gabriel mountains
santa rosa plateau
 
	
hiking information:
	
fallbrook area*
grand canyon*
san bernardino and san jacinto mountains
san diego county
san gabriel mountains
santa rosa plateau


analysis:
	
complete table of contents
example pages:
		
rate of human problems
		average l.a. freeway traffic versus time and day of week
		expected return from stocks in next 5-10 years
		salary curve for engineers and scientists
		accuracy of weather predictions for fallbrook, san diego county, ca
		

interesting facts:
	
table of contents*
example pages:
		
human mortality and health problems
		income and salary information
		house price information
		misc. facts
		


plants (with jane strong)
	
native and introduced plants of southern california
example pages:
		
trail guides
comments on the jepson manual and a flora of southern california by munz
		

misc.:
	
site map
about the author
	t. chester's ratings of chocolate bars
science-by-mail
matt's page


work webpage (spider.ipac.caltech.edu/staff/tchester) is no longer online.  here is one of the more fun pages that was on that site: no tenth planet yet from iras.






financial advice*



* denotes links to pages moved from my znet site that have incorrect url at the bottom of each page and a no-longer active email address for me.

each major site has an update log that gives a list of changes versus date.  the update log may be found further up the directory structure for sites not in the highest-level directory.




copyright © 1996-2004 by tom chester
permission is freely granted to reproduce any or all of this page as long as credit is given to me at this source:
http://tchester.org/index.html

comments and feedback:  tom chester 
last update: 17 july 2004 (links to former znet pages updated on 29 december 2011).




