


california dui laws and lawyers

































» california
» los angeles
» orange county
» san diego
» riverside - san bernardino
» san francisco




california dui




california dui laws
finding a good dui defense attorney
california dui penalty
enhanced penalties for california dui
license suspensions
your dui attorney and the dmv hearing
california dmv
felony dui
probable cause for dui arrest
presumption of bac when driving
dui double jeopardy
home detention in dui cases
implied consent
the dui officer's warning
drunk driving symptoms
driving studies
field sobriety tests
horizontal gaze nystagmus
validity of fsts
breath-alcohol odor
dui and alcohol metabolism
california dui blood-alcohol testing
breathalyzer tests
bac testing machines
blood vs serum analysis in dui cases
dui and blood-alcohol levels
tolerance to alcohol
miranda advisements
insurance after a dui
dui search help
disclaimer
sitemap
home




california dui laws and dui lawyers is a complete source of information about california dui laws, california dui attorneys and lawyers, dui penalties for driving under the influence, california dmv license suspensions driver’s license suspensions, breath alcohol tests, criminal courts, car insurance after a dui california arrest and police investigative procedures. the website provides everything you should be aware of if you are arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol (dui or “drunk driving"), driving under the influence of marijuana (marijuana dui or “driving stoned”) or driving under the influence of drugs (dui drugs or “drugged driving”) — including such questions as: california dui offers everything you need to know if you are arrested in california for driving under the influence of alcohol ( dui ) or driving under the influence of drugs (duid) - sometimes referred to as "drunk driving", "drinking and driving" or "driving while intoxicated" ( dwi ) - including answers to such common questions as:

what crimes will i be charged with for a dui in california? 
what are the possible penalties for driving under the influence of alcohol? 
who are the best dui defense attorneys in california? 
can a good california dui lawyer save my driver’s license? 
how do those drunk driving field sobriety tests work? 
are those breath tests accurate? 
how can i estimate my blood-alcohol level? 
what if i have a high tolerance to alcohol? 
can my dui lawyer get my case dismissed because the cop didn’t read my rights? 
are dwi laws and dwi penalties the same in san francisco as in oakland, los angeles or san diego? 
what happens to my car insurance if i’m convicted of drunk driving? 
how can i get my driving record? 

"what should i do if i’m stopped for dui?" nationally-known southern california dui defense attorney lawrence taylor, author of the legal textbook drunk driving defense, 8th edition, offers 5 tips:

politely decline to answer questions without an attorney (only incriminating answers will be in the police report). 
decline to take any field sobriety tests (not required by law and rarely helps you).
unless you are under 21, decline to take any handheld breath test not required by law. 
agree to take a required "evidentiary" breath test (blood test if confident you are under .08%). 
make sure your california dui lawyer calls the dmv driver safety office within 10 days and demands a hearing to contest your license suspension.

"should i just plead guilty?" atlanta attorney william c. head, one of the foremost dui lawyers in the country, explains the 5 myths and realities of defending against dwi charges today:

most people accused of dui are guilty.
drunk driving is a minor offense. 
any attorney can defend a person accused of dui.
most dwi cases can’t be won. 
drunk driving cases are just like any other criminal case.

 
california dui attorneys resource center california-oriented legal megasite for the dui lawyer and layman, containing information and over 600 links.
looking for a dui lawyer?an investigative expose of dui attorneys in california published in the may 2009 issue of california lawyer magazine, the trade publication for california attorneys.
national college for dui defense website for national organization of over 1000 drunk driving attorneys, with dui information and listings of certified and non-certified dui attorneys.
california dui laws and procedures helpful legal information from an 5-attorney california law firm practicing dui defense exclusively from offices in los angeles, riverside and orange county, and san bernardino. 
driving under the influence of drugs the laws and police evidence in california if you are arrested for dui drugs.
madd and madder: today’s dui defense bar is more focused and aggressive than ever before interesting article in the "american bar association journal" reporting on the counter-offensive from increasingly specialized and technically sophisticated dwi lawyers.
the dui exception to the constitution the continuing erosion of fairness and constitutional rights in drunk driving cases from pressure groups like madd, from a lecture by a former fulbright professor of law and nationally-known california dui attorney.
dui blog commentary on the defects, fallacies and constitutional damage of the "war on drunk driving", from the los angeles dui lawyer who wrote "drunk driving defense, 6th edition".
impaired driving resources online links and materials for judges nationwide in understanding and dealing with dui cases.
findlaw nationwide resource for dui and dwi issues generally.
dui boating discussion of california laws and penalties for boating under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
abogados de dui en californiainformation in spanish about drunk driving laws and lawyers in california. for los angeles drunk driving arrests, see abogados de dui en los angeles.





california dui
california dui: a drunk driving law guide is intended to counter the political pressures of extremist groups such as madd seeking the passage of unfair dui laws, the erosion of constitutional rights and the eventual return of prohibition. the national motorists association sets forth its positions on controversial drunk driving issues, such as unconstitutional dui sobriety checkpoints, overemphasis on breath alcohol tests, unfair dui penalties and the imposition of "automatic" dui license suspensions.
please visit our local dui information websites for los angeles, orange county, san diego, san bernardino - riverside and san francisco.



los angeles dui
|
orange county dui
|
san diego dui
|
riverside - san bernardino dui
|
san francisco dui
copyright © 2001 - 2021 california dui






