
































l3harris® fast. forward.









      skip to main content
    
















homepage













                sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
      





collaborative autonomy at scale


            learn more
      


            what are you looking for?
      




















            what's new
      
visit our newsroom and learn how we’re delivering trusted national security solutions at the pace of a technology disruptor.

            visit
      







  














editorial

            celebrating engineers week 2025 at l3harris
      


l3harris celebrates the dedication and accomplishments of our l3harris engineers for eweek 2025.



            read more
      










  














press release

            l3harris to present at upcoming investor conference
      


l3harris technologies chair and ceo christopher e. kubasik and chief financial officer and aerojet rocketdyne president ken bedingfield will present at barclays 42nd annual industrial conference at 8:05 a.m. et on thursday, feb. 20, in miami. 



            read more
      










  














press release

            l3harris launches new technology to control autonomous swarms
      


l3harris technologies has introduced amorphous™, its new software that features a single user interface to operate thousands of autonomous assets simultaneously. 



            read more
      













 
















a letter to the leaders of the doge


l3harris technologies co-founder, chair and ceo christopher e. kubasik penned an open letter to the leaders of the department of government efficiency (doge) with recommendations to modernize america’s national defense ecosystem.


            read letter
      







the trusted disruptor








  















            our mission
      

as the trusted disruptor, we innovate relentlessly and deliver capability with the speed, passion and determination that our customers demand in executing their most challenging missions.



            more
      














$21b+

annual revenue



100+

countries



4

strategic segments























                sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
      




celebrating engineers week


our technologies and advancements are not possible without the hard work of l3harris engineers and scientists.


            design your future
      










find your career


tell us a little about yourself and we’ll show you the careers that fit you best.

























                sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
      




your next challenge awaits


we’ve engineered a culture where varied perspectives, pioneering ideas and work that makes a difference converge to accelerate your career. step forward.


            learn more about careers at l3harris
      








latest news









  














editorial | 02. 18. 2025

            l3harris completes assembly of first rs-25 engine for nasa’s artemis v mission
      
designated e20001, this newly assembled rs-25 engine is one of four core stage engines that will help power the sls rocket during the artemis v mission.














  














editorial | 02. 18. 2025

            l3harris completes assembly of first rs-25 engine for nasa’s artemis v mission
      










  














editorial | 02. 18. 2025

            full echelon intelligence superiority with l3harris hc2 battle management system
      










  














press release | 02. 17. 2025

            us marine corps and l3harris launch first long-range precision fire in training range demonstration 
      










  














editorial | 02. 17. 2025

            l3harris robots strike the right balance of strength, reach and precision
      










  














editorial | 02. 14. 2025

            four ways l3harris targeting and sensor systems are defining the future of land missions
      







            browse news
      
































            contact us
      



            employees
      



            privacy
      



            terms
      



            portals
      








                facebook
              
      




                linkedin
              
      







                twitter
              
      




                instagram
              
      




                youtube
              
      




                glassdoor
              
      




                rss
              
      



© 2025 l3harris technologies, inc.








