















harford county, md | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      public safety      doing business      living here      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 
 



 

















click here to catch up on the news in harford county and subscribe to county executive bob cassilly's monthly newsletter.









click here to learn more!









icymi: click to watch. harford county executive bob cassilly delivered his 2025 state of the county address.









click here to see if you qualify and apply today









click here to learn more!









click here to apply today.























  
 
 
























 














housing & community services










 
 














county executivebob cassilly








parks &recreation










 
 
 














how can wehelp you








agriculture










 
 














harford county council










 
 
 




 














calendar
 






  
 
 

 









february 2025




su


m


tu


w


th


f


sa




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1










mon, feb 17  

presidents day 

presidents day read more


tue, feb 18  

legislative session

legislative sessionread more


wed, feb 19  

development advisory committee (dac)

development advisory committee (dac)read more






wed, feb 19  

jarrettsville/norrisville et al cab 2/19/2025

jarrettsville/norrisville et al cab 2/19/2025read more


thu, feb 20  

human relations commission

human relations commissionread more


thu, feb 20  

planning advisory board

planning advisory boardread more





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 




 














community spotlights
 






  
 
 

 





 facebook




 facebook














 
 



  
 














harford executive cassilly statement on school superintendent’s fy26 budget request 


harford county executive bob cassilly issued the following statement on school superintendent sean bulson’s fy 26 budget request presented at last night’s school board meeting.			additional info...






aaa-rated harford county sells bonds at low 3.49% interest rate; borrowing for essential projects 


harford county held its annual bond sale tuesday, borrowing funds for essential public infrastructure at a low 3.49% interest rate, thanks to the county’s aaa bond rating.			additional info...






section of east nobles mill road in darlington reopened tuesday, february 4 


a section of e. nobles mill road between trappe church road and nobles mill road in darlington was reopened to all through traffic starting at 8 a.m. tuesday, february 4 after completion of a slope repair project.			additional info...






section of harmony church road in darlington to be closed for tree removal 


a section of harmony church road in darlington, between md route 136 and nobles mill road, will be closed starting february 10 through february 14 between the hours of 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. for tree removal.			additional info...






whitaker mill road bridge in bel air to be closed temporarily tuesday, february 4 


the whitaker mill road bridge, located between winters drive and somerville road in bel air, will be closed on tuesday, february 4 between the hours of 8 a.m. - 12 p.m. to repair the approach traffic barrier that was damaged from an incident in december.			additional info...






harford county to host housing fair for homebuyers march 22 


buying a home can seem like a daunting task, especially for first-time home buyers. harford county is offering help by hosting a free housing fair and first-time homebuyers workshop in march.			additional info...






harford county retains aaa bond rating; highest possible rating reduces borrowing costs 


harford county has retained its aaa rating in 2025 from all three major, independent bond-rating agencies. the rating keep the county’s borrowing costs low for large capital projects such as school buildings and road improvements.			additional info...






2025 historic preservation awards – call for nominations 


the harford county historic preservation commission and department of planning and zoning are pleased to announce the call for nominations for the 2025 historic preservation awards.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly statement praising defeat of bill 24-037 


county executive bob cassilly today released the following statement regarding county council bill 24-037, allowing liquor stores, cannabis dispensaries near residential neighborhoods. the bill was defeated by the council last night in a vote of 5 – 2.			additional info...






section of east nobles mill road in darlington to be closed for approximately three weeks 


section of e. nobles mill road between trappe church road and nobles mill road in darlington, will be closed to all through traffic for approximately three weeks. the closure is scheduled to start on or about monday, january 27 for a slope repair project.			additional info...






harford’s cassilly delivers state of the county address 


at the mid-point of his term, county executive bob cassilly on tuesday delivered his annual state of harford county address focusing on achievements in public safety, responsible budgeting, and quality of life.			additional info...






county executive cassilly invites citizen questions, input on fy26 budget; comment period open now 


county executive bob cassilly is offering several opportunities for public engagement in harford’s budget for the coming fiscal year.			additional info...






tudor hall in bel air designated as harford historic landmark 


the historic tudor hall in bel air has been designated as a harford county historic landmark for its architectural and historical significance.			additional info...






madonna road in white hall reopened thursday, december 19 


madonna road, between telegraph road and bradenbaugh road in white hall, will be reopened to all through traffic on thursday, december 19 at 4 p.m. after completion of repair to the corrugated metal deck.			additional info...






holiday greetings from harford county executive bob cassilly 


holiday greetings from harford county executive bob cassilly.			additional info...






holiday greetings from harford county executive bob cassilly 


holiday greetings from harford county executive bob cassilly			additional info...






harford county collects 2,600 warm socks & mittens, 746 pounds of food for neighbors in need 


harford county recently sponsored two successful donation drives to benefit local citizens in need.			additional info...






executive cassilly opposes bill opening 232 parcels for liquor stores, cannabis dispensaries 


county executive bob cassilly expressed “strong opposition” to proposed legislation that allows liquor stores, and therefore, recreational cannabis dispensaries, in any of the 232 parcels that are zoned b-1 countywide.			additional info...






harford county seeks public input for community needs assessment 


as a part of its housing and urban development (hud) five-year consolidated plan, harford county is seeking public input on the best use of hud community development block grant (cdbg) and home investment partnership (home) funds.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly statement on passage of legislation increasing impact fees 


harford county executive bob cassilly today issued the following statement in response to the passage of his legislation raising the county’s impact fees, which are paid by new home developers to help offset the cost of expanding school capacity.			additional info...






stream restoration project at fallston schools enhances water quality and creates living classroom 


harford county is restoring approximately 5,000 linear feet of stream on the campus of fallston middle and high schools to restore the natural flow of elbow brook to its original course, improve water quality, and stabilize eroding stream banks.			additional info...






applicants sought for vacancy on charging committee for harford county police accountability board 


applications are open until december 31 to fill a vacancy on the administrative charging committee for the harford county police accountability board (pab).			additional info...






section of madonna road in white hall to be closed for approximately two weeks 


a section of madonna road, between telegraph road and bradenbaugh road in white hall, will be closed to all through traffic for approximately two weeks. the closure is scheduled to start monday, december 9, to repair the existing corrugated metal deck.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly vetoes tourism spending bill that violates county charter 


harford executive bob cassilly has vetoed legislation that directs approximately $750k in hotel tax revenue to a non-government entity in violation of the county charter.			additional info...






historic emmorton schoolhouse designated as harford county historic landmark 


the emmorton schoolhouse has been recognized as a harford county historic landmark. now in its 104th year, the historic building has seen the surrounding neighborhood grow from a rural village into a modern suburban community.			additional info...






nominees sought for 2025 harford county leading women awards; deadline for submissions jan 21 


the harford county commission for women is seeking nominations for outstanding young women for the 2025 harford county leading women – yesterday, today, tomorrow awards.			additional info...






harford county seeks public input on use of community reinvestment and repair funds 


harford county will be hosting several listening sessions to gather public input on the best use of community reinvestment and repair funds (crrf) which represents harford county’s share of the state tax imposed on marijuana sales.			additional info...






nobles mill road bridge in darlington reopened tuesday, november 12 


nobles mill road bridge over deer creek in darlington, located between e. nobles mill road and harmony church road, will be reopened to all through traffic starting at 4 p.m. on tuesday, november 12, following the replacement of the timber bridge deck.			additional info...






harford county pays down student loans for 44 volunteer first responders 


harford county government helped pay down student loan debt for 44 volunteer first responders with a total of $220,000 sent directly to lending institutions this year.			additional info...






sensory santa workshop offered december 7 and december 14 for individuals with differing abilities 


visiting with santa claus is a tradition for many families, but the noise and activity can be challenging for some children with differing abilities. harford county is offering an accommodating environment with the sensory santa workshop.			additional info...






harford county celebrates employment of citizens with differing abilities 


celebrating the employment of citizens with disabilities, county executive bob cassilly and harford county’s office of disability services and commission on disabilities honored individuals and organizations at their annual employment recognition luncheon			additional info...






johnson mill road in forest hill reopened monday, november 4 


johnson mill road, between conowingo road and chestnut hill road in forest hill, was reopened to all through traffic starting at 7 a.m. monday, november 4 after completion of replacement of the bridge over stout bottle branch.			additional info...






planning continues for harford’s 1,200-acre oakington peninsula park system 


harford county has published the first round of public input on a future park system planned for 1,200 acres on the oakington peninsula between aberdeen and havre de grace.			additional info...






section of trappe road in street to be closed for emergency tree removal 


a section of trappe road in street between forge hill road and md route 136 (priestford road) will be closed starting nov. 4 through nov. 5 between the hours of 8 a.m. - 3 p.m. for emergency tree removal.			additional info...






traffic circle at wheel and laurel bush roads in bel air to be closed for one day monday, november 4 


the traffic circle at wheel road and laurel bush road in bel air will be closed to all through traffic on monday, november 4 starting at 9 a.m. continuing through early evening for resurfacing. the closure is expected to be for one day.			additional info...






public input meetings on comprehensive zoning review scheduled for november 4 and 18 


the harford county department of planning and zoning along with the planning advisory board (pab) will host two public input meetings in november to gather citizens’ feedback on comprehensive zoning review applications received by the department.			additional info...






harford county veterans & families’ resource fair saturday, nov. 9 


harford county will host a resource fair for veterans, active-duty military, and their families, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the bel air armory. lunch from mission bbq will be free of charge and there will be a drawing to win two ravens tickets.			additional info...






harford county thanksgiving food drive november 1 - 22 to help neighbors in need 


harford county government is sponsoring a thanksgiving food drive to benefit local families november 1 – 22. donations will be delivered to the food pantry at the harford community action agency.			additional info...






harford earns clean audit for fy 2024; highest possible opinion for accurate financial reporting 


independent auditors have issued a clean opinion on harford county government’s financial report for the fiscal year that ended on june 30, 2024.			additional info...






section of phillips mill road in forest hill reopened friday, october 25 


phillips mill road between poteet road and w. jarrettsville road in forest hill was reopened to all through traffic starting at 4 p.m. friday october 25, following the completion of a culvert replacement.			additional info...






section of phillips mill road in forest hill to be closed for approximately three weeks 


a section of phillips mill road between poteet road and w. jarrettsville road in forest hill will be closed to all through traffic for approximately three weeks. the closure is scheduled to start on or about monday, october 21, for a culvert replacement.			additional info...






economic analysis of harford county to be presented oct. 21 in aberdeen 


the public is invited to attend a presentation on economic conditions and opportunities in harford county, hosted by the department of economic development. the presentation will be 6:30 – 8:00 p.m. monday, october 21 at aberdeen high school.			additional info...






save a life tour educates harford county students about dangers of distracted and impaired driving 


the save a life tour, a comprehensive safe driving awareness program that focuses on key areas of driving behavior that contribute to accidents and fatalities on the road.			additional info...






nobles mill road bridge in darlington to be closed for approximately three weeks 


the nobles mill road bridge over deer creek in darlington, located between e. nobles mill road and harmony church road, will be closed to all through traffic for approximately three weeks. the closure is scheduled to start on or about monday, october 21.			additional info...






state and county flags to be lowered in honor of senator cathy riley 


harford county executive bob cassilly has ordered the state and harford county flags be flown at half-staff in honor of senator cathy i. riley, who died september 30, 2024.			additional info...






prescription drug take back day saturday, october 26 at five harford county locations 


harford county residents can drop off their expired and unwanted medications for safe disposal at five convenient locations on saturday, october 26, 2024 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.			additional info...






harford county sends emergency response team to help north carolina with hurricane helene recovery 


harford county sent an emergency response team to north carolina last week following hurricane helene to help local officials develop a plan for the ravaged community to follow during its prolonged recovery efforts.			additional info...






harford county honors 38 at the 38th annual harford’s most beautiful people awards 


thirty-eight selfless volunteers were honored at the 38th annual harford’s most beautiful people awards. the awards celebrate the meaningful contributions made by unsung heroes who give their time and talents to those in need throughout the county.			additional info...






harford dpw director joe siemek named engineer of the year 


harford county director of public works joe siemek was recently honored as the 2024 engineer of the year by the county engineers association of maryland (ceam).			additional info...






harford county “socktober” collection drive in october to warm neighbors in need 


socktober raises awareness about homelessness in harford county and provides items that are in high demand before the winter months. warm socks, mittens, and hats are greatly needed items at homeless shelters, yet they are among the least-often donated.			additional info...






harford streams summer adventure 2024 prize winners announced 


the ninth annual harford streams summer adventure had another successful year with 478 adventurers qualifying for a free t-shirt and 30 furry friends qualifying for a bandana.			additional info...






executive cassilly proposes higher impact fees on new home developers to help expand school capacity 


harford county executive bob cassilly has sent proposed legislation to the county council increasing the county’s existing impact fees on developers of new homes. revenue from impact fees must be used to help expand public school capacity.			additional info...






harford county earns 38th consecutive distinguished budget presentation award 


harford county earns 38th consecutive distinguished budget presentation award from government finance officers association.			additional info...






harford county public safety open house september 20; rescue demonstrations, emergency vehicles 


harford’s free public safety open house will be friday, september 20 from 5 to 8 p.m. at the equestrian center, 608 n. tollgate road in bel air. watch rescue demonstrations, see emergency vehicles, meet first responders and more.			additional info...






harford county executive cassilly statement on joppatowne high school shooting 


harford county executive bob cassilly issued the following statement on today’s tragic shooting at joppatowne high school.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly assembles countywide pfas task force; harford’s public water tests safe 


harford county executive bob cassilly issued an executive order last week establishing a countywide task force in response to new epa limits on pfas in drinking water. the task force met for the first time thursday.			additional info...






harford county collecting household items in bel air for reuse/recycling september 21 


harford county residents can drop off household items for reuse/recycling free of charge on community collection day, saturday, september 21 in bel air. free paper shredding will be available and bge is offering rebates to their customers on select items.			additional info...






september events planned for national recovery and suicide prevention month in harford county 


harford county government will illuminate building in purple during september in recognition national recovery and suicide awareness prevention month. events planned throughout the month of september.			additional info...






section of knopp road in jarrettsville to be reopened thursday, august 29 


a section of knopp road between rush road and rocks chrome hill road in jarrettsville will be reopened to all through traffic starting at 3 p.m. thursday, august 29 after bridge repairs were completed.			additional info...






data science courses open to public at harford’s converge innovation center in aberdeen 


beginning tuesday, august 27, harford community college will offer two data science courses at the converge innovation center in aberdeen, located at 1201 technology drive.			additional info...






new sculpture near annie’s playground in fallston highlights harford’s ma & pa railroad history 


a new sculpture of the front of the original ma & pa railroad engine no. 6 welcomes visitors to harford county’s ma & pa trail near annie’s playground at edgeley grove park in fallston. bel air residents jack and signe shagena funded the project.			additional info...






section of deep run road in whiteford to be closed for approximately four months 


a section of deep run road, between susquehanna hall road and cooper road in whiteford will be closed to all through traffic for approximately four months. the closure for bridge rehabilitation is scheduled to start on or about monday, august 19.			additional info...






harford county offices to open at 9 a.m. friday due to pending storm 


harford county government offices will open at 9 a.m. friday, august 9 due to heavy rain and high winds expected because of tropical storm debby thursday night into friday.			additional info...






harford breaks ground on new riverside fire station in belcamp 


harford county officials broke ground july 31 for a new fire station in belcamp. the $10m county-funded project will be an additional site of the abingdon fire company and will be known as the riverside fire station.			additional info...






applicants sought for vacancy on charging committee for harford county police accountability board 


applications are open until august 30 to fill a vacancy on the administrative charging committee for the harford county police accountability board (pab).			additional info...






harford’s cassilly administration secures agreement to stop proposed development of abingdon woods 


under an agreement secured by the administration of harford county executive bob cassilly, development plans will be abandoned on 327 acres known as abingdon woods and the developer will stabilize and reforest the site.			additional info...






harford county disabilities commission seeks nominees for 2024 employment recognition awards 


the harford county commission on disabilities is seeking nominations for awards in recognition of disability employment awareness month in october. the deadline for nominations is friday, september 27, 2024.			additional info...






harford county public library branches to serve as “cooling centers” july 15-17 


harford county will be opening “cooling centers” at library branches because of forecasted excessive temperatures monday, july 15 through wednesday, july 17. the heat index in harford county is expected to be between 107-110 degrees.			additional info...






harford county public library branches to serve as “cooling centers” july 9-10 


harford county will be opening “cooling centers” at library branches because of forecasted excessive temperatures. the heat index in harford county is expected to be over 105 degrees tuesday and wednesday.			additional info...






harford executive vetoes tax & spend charter amendment 


harford executive bob cassilly today vetoed bill 24-016 because it will inevitably lead to higher taxes by expanding the spending powers of the county council.			additional info...






harford county grants $70k to small businesses for workforce training 


harford county has granted $70,350 to 18 local businesses in fy24 for employee technical training across a wide range of industries. a total of 84 employees received training, including electricians, welders and manufacturing and defense company workers.			additional info...






maryland awards $500k for biomanufacturing incubator to retrofit former heat center with wetlabs 


maryland department of commerce has awarded $500k to baltimore-based early charm to develop a biomanufacturing incubator at a harford county-owned facility near aberdeen proving ground (apg).			additional info...






johnson mill road in forest hill to be closed for approximately six months 


johnson mill road, between conowingo road and chestnut hill road in forest hill, will be closed to all through traffic for approximately six months. the closure for bridge replacement is scheduled to start on or about monday, july 8.			additional info...






section of heaps school road in pylesville to be reopened thursday, june 20 


a section of heaps school road, between ady road (md route 543) and ridge road in pylesville, will be reopened to all through traffic starting at 5 p.m. thursday, june 20 after bridge repairs were completed.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly donates $2,893 salary increase to local nonprofit; the arc ncr 


harford county executive bob cassilly today made a personal donation of $2,893 to the arc northern chesapeake region, a local nonprofit serving citizens with differing abilities.			additional info...






harford awards nonprofits $645k in fy25 to support tourism 


harford county has awarded 15 nonprofits a total of $645,500 to support tourism with a focus on increasing the number of overnight stays. funding for the grants comes from the county’s 6% hotel tax.			additional info...






harford earns 39th consecutive certificate of achievement for excellence in financial reporting 


harford county earns 39th consecutive certificate of achievement for excellence in financial reporting from government finance officers association.			additional info...






harford county watershed stewards academy accepting applications: information session june 20 


the watershed stewards academy trains and supports volunteer community leaders in the protection, restoration, and conservation of local waterways.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly signs fiscally conservative fy25 budget with no new taxes 


harford county executive bob cassilly has signed legislation enacting the fy25 budget following its passage tuesday by the county council. the budget for fiscal year 2025 keeps total spending flat overall at $1.2b without raising taxes.			additional info...






volunteers ages 15 and older needed for harford county bike camp 


looking for a fun and exciting way to give back this summer? give the gift of riding a bike to harford county youth with differing abilities. volunteers are needed at the 2024 harford county bike camp from june 24 – 28.			additional info...






harford county holds social groups for those of all abilities to connect and explore the outdoors 


in may, harford county’s office of disability services organized three nature social groups to address the need for more free social opportunities for the disability community.			additional info...






section of vale road in bel air to be closed on monday, june 17 


a section of vale road, between watervale road and jenny road in bel air will be closed to all through traffic for approximately one day between 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. starting monday, june 17.			additional info...






harford’s cassilly administration finalizes purchase of land for new public school in bel air 


harford county has finalized the purchase of a 45-acre site for a new school in bel air. located at n. fountain green road, the property was bought by harford county and immediately transferred to the public school system.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly dedicates additional $6.5m to public schools in fy 25 


harford county executive bob cassilly plans to increase funding for the public school system by $6.5m next year, following higher than expected county revenue.
the increase brings total county operating funding for hcps to $321,352,402 in fy 2025.			additional info...






section of knopp road in jarrettsville to be closed for approximately three months 


a section of knopp road between rush road and rocks chrome hill road in jarrettsville will be closed to all through traffic for approximately three months. the closure for bridge maintenance is scheduled to start on or about monday, june 10.			additional info...






harford county seeks public input on plans for 1,200-acre oakington peninsula park system 


harford county is seeking public input on plans for a 1,200-acre park system on the oakington peninsula between aberdeen and havre de grace.			additional info...






ride harford transit link fixed routes for free on june 20 for national dump the pump day 


harford transit link, the county’s bus transportation system, will offer free rides on all its fixed routes thursday, june 20 to celebrate national dump the pump day.			additional info...






nominees sought for 38th annual harford’s most beautiful people awards 


do you know an unsung hero? each year harford county searches for local citizens who selflessly assist others and honors their volunteer service with harford’s most beautiful people awards.			additional info...






picture yourself in harford streams summer adventure: send in selfies, win prizes 


this summer, explore the natural beauty of harford county streams, take selfies at your favorite locations, and win prizes in the harford streams summer adventure.			additional info...






section of stafford road in susquehanna state park reopened friday, may 24 


stafford road in havre de grace, between craigs corner road and rock run road will be reopened to all through traffic starting at 3 p.m. friday, may 24 after bridge repairs were completed.			additional info...






section of heaps school road in pylesville to be closed for approximately four weeks 


a section of heaps school road, between ady road (md route 543) and ridge road in pylesville, will be closed to all through traffic for approximately four weeks. the closure for bridge maintenance is scheduled to start on or about tuesday, may 28.			additional info...






applicants sought to fill vacancy on charging committee for harford's police accountability board 


applications are open until june 28 to fill a vacancy on the administrative charging committee for the harford county police accountability board (pab).			additional info...






whitaker mill road bridge in bel air reopened monday, may 20 


the whitaker mill road bridge over winters run in bel air, located between west ring factory road and old joppa road, is now open to all through traffic after routine maintenance has been completed.			additional info...






harford executive warns against tax & spend charter amendment 


harford county executive bob cassilly issued the following statement on bill 24-016, introduced tuesday by councilman aaron penman. this fiscally irresponsible bill would amend the county charter to allow the council to increase government spending.			additional info...






over 2,000 pounds of medications collected during harford’s prescription drug take back day 


more than 500 harford county residents dropped off their expired and unwanted medications for safe disposal during a successful prescription drug take back day on saturday april 27, 2024.			additional info...






whitaker mill road bridge in bel air to be closed during daytime hours for approximately one week 


the whitaker mill road bridge over winters run in bel air, between west ring factory road and old joppa road, will be closed to all through traffic between the hours of 8 a.m. - 3 p.m. for approximately one week. closure starts on or about monday may 13.			additional info...






harford settles claim against first responders in 2022 shooting death of reportedly suicidal man 


a claim against harford county first responders by the family of a reportedly suicidal man shot and killed in 2022 has been settled for $1 million. the settlement in the death of john raymond fauver admits no wrongdoing by first responders.			additional info...






harford celebrates historic preservation month with “harford loves historic preservation” campaign 


may is national historic preservation month, harford county is inviting residents to celebrate its historic places through the #harfordloveshistoricpreservation social media campaign.			additional info...






registration open for harford’s bike to work day friday, may 17 


harford county will host bike to work day friday, may 17. participation is free; registration is required and will be open until may 17. to register, visit https://www.biketoworkmd.com.			additional info...






section of stafford road in susquehanna state park to be closed for approximately 10 days 


a section of stafford road in havre de grace, between craigs corner road and rock run road will be closed for approximately 10 days starting on or about monday, may 6. the closure is necessary for repairs to the bridge over rock run.			additional info...






registration open for harford county’s free emergency preparedness classes beginning on may 22 


registration is now open for harford county’s free prepare because you care emergency preparedness training program. this series of four classes will teach participants how to be better prepared and stay safe in an emergency.			additional info...






prescription drug take back day saturday, april 27 


harford county residents can drop off their expired and unwanted medications for safe disposal at seven convenient locations on saturday, april 27, 2024.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly recommends flat fy 25 budget: no tax increases 


harford county executive bob cassilly today released his recommended fiscal year 2025 budget with no overall increase in government spending and no increase in tax rates. major investments in public safety and education paid through fund balance.			additional info...






community volunteers plant 150 trees for harford county’s arbor day celebration 


volunteers of all ages rolled up their sleeves and planted 150 trees to celebrate arbor day at the harford glen environmental education center on friday, march 29. county executive cassilly announced harford county again earned the tree city usa award.			additional info...






harford county to host volunteer fair april 30 in bel air 


harford county is hosting a volunteer fair for residents to connect with opportunities to serve. the harford county volunteer fair will be held from 2 – 5 p.m. on tuesday, april 30 at the mcfaul activity center in bel air. all ages are welcome to attend.			additional info...






harford county seeks public input on use of opioid restitution funds 


harford county will be hosting several listening sessions to gather public input on the best use of opioid restitution funds in the community.			additional info...






harford county earns statewide paving award for road work in joppatowne 


the harford county department of public works has earned the 2023 excellence in paving award for their work to repair and resurface 21 streets in joppatowne’s rumsey island community.			additional info...






harford county executive cassilly statement on key bridge collapse 


harford county executive bob cassilly issued the following statement on today’s early morning collapse of the key bridge.			additional info...






harford county launches free mental health & wellness app for first responders 


first responders regularly face life or death situations, putting them at a higher risk for mental health issues. the cassilly administration is offering the new lighthouse health and wellness app to help support their physical and mental health.			additional info...






county executive cassilly urges fiscal discipline, will not raise taxes to balance fy25 budget 


harford county executive bob cassilly released today the following video with an update on the county’s revenue outlook and his plans for the fiscal year 2025 budget.			additional info...






harford honors national procurement month; county government procurement team saves taxpayers $10m 


harford county executive bob cassilly recognized national procurement month in march by honoring the professionals in his administration who have saved taxpayers $10 million to date through careful negotiations and best practices.			additional info...






linkous road bridge in pylesville to reopen march 11 


the linkous road bridge over falling branch, located between md route 136, harkins road and md route 24, rocks road will be reopened to all through traffic on monday, march 11 after completion of bridge rehabilitation.			additional info...






harford county to distribute 2500 laptops countywide, first distribution event, march 9 in edgewood 


harford county to distribute 2,500 laptops countywide through the maryland connected devices program. the first free laptop distribution event for qualified applicants will be held saturday, march 9 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the edgewood public library.			additional info...






cassilly administration proposes legislation to limit development; changes to ag pres program 


county executive bob cassilly’s administration on tuesday outlined proposed changes to harford’s agricultural preservation program that will expand opportunities for property owners to protect their land from development.			additional info...






2024 leading women awards celebrate harford county women dedicated to community service 


in honor of women’s history month, harford county celebrated local women of the past, present and future. the awards recognize young women who are dedicated to compassionate community service and superior academic achievement.			additional info...






harford county tourism funding applications open march 11; applicant workshops march 12 – 15 


harford county office of economic development will begin accepting applications from qualified nonprofits on monday, march 11 for its 2025 tourism funding program.			additional info...






volunteers invited to plant trees friday, march 29 for harford county’s arbor day celebration 


volunteers are needed to help plant approximately 150 trees at the harford glen environmental education center on friday, march 29 in celebration of arbor day.			additional info...






county executive bob cassilly orders county flag flown at half-staff for bapd senior officer miller 


county executive cassilly has ordered the harford county flag to be flown at half-staff in honor of bel air police department senior officer zachary miller. the flag will be lowered from sunrise to sunset thursday, march 7, the day of his interment.			additional info...






harford executive cassilly warns against legislation allowing detached accessory dwelling units 


harford executive bob cassilly today issued a letter to the county council outlining the potential impacts of council bill no. 24-001, which would change existing law to allow detached accessory dwelling units (adu) occupied by non-relatives.			additional info...






councilmember penman named subject of harford ethics probe; responds with outrageous false attacks 


after being named the subject of a harford county ethics probe, county councilmember aaron penman has once again made an untrue and outrageous claim attacking the character and integrity of harford county executive bob cassilly.			additional info...






cassilly admin plans to purchase land of abandoned eva mar development for new public school 


county executive bob cassilly’s administration is planning to purchase land of abandoned eva mar development for a new public school at the site of an abandoned development project in bel air.			additional info...






cassilly admin denies request to close joppa road at railroad crossing due to public safety concerns 


harford county executive bob cassilly on thursday denied a request by maryland transportation authority on behalf of csx rail service to close joppa road on both sides of its railroad crossing in joppa.			additional info...






harford county executive cassilly initiates legislation for comprehensive zoning review 


harford county executive bob cassilly on tuesday sent legislation to the county council to begin a required comprehensive zoning review in june that will be finalized one year later.			additional info...






harford county earns 37th consecutive distinguished budget presentation award 


harford county earns 37th consecutive distinguished budget presentation award from government finance officers association.			additional info...






executive cassilly advocates for perryman location to be maryland’s new thoroughbred racing facility 


harford county executive bob cassilly on february 15 sent letters to the maryland general assembly in support of a perryman property as the location for maryland’s new thoroughbred training center.			additional info...






closure of section of harmony church road in darlington extended 


the closure of the section of harmony church road in darlington between md route 136 and nobles mill road scheduled to end february 14 will be extended through february 21 due to weather delays. the closure will be between the hours of 8 a.m. to 3 p.m.			additional info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 











 














stay connected
 






  
 
 

 







contact us







harford county
220 s. main street
bel air, md 21014

phone: 410-638-3000

hours
monday through friday
8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
 






  
 













 








 








 








 










 
 



  
 







popular topics







senior center catalog



budget information



document center



employee links



employment



procurement bids



road closures



snow plow tracker









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







job postings



bus routes



bid board & results



trash disposal fees



maryland public information act request form



county council



residential recycling & trash



jury duty









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







using this site







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notice



privacy statement









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 






government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



 














online services








pay my bill










 
 














get connected








harford transit link










 
 














harford waste disposal center








employment










 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









