








































   

 
 

 


 

 

  ursinus college | homepage | ursinus college 





skip to main content











about


academics


admission


life at ursinus


make a gift


search ursinus.edu  menu  menu and search







close expanded main menu








search ursinus.edu  search 


 



about


academics


life at ursinus








news & events


careers & outcomes


athletics


arts at ursinus


give to ursinus



request info


visit


apply










                information for:
              


students


alumni


faculty & staff


parents


admitted students










  an open invitation  to explore                       faculty mentorship and student curiosity spark scientific breakthroughs in our chemistry department, where high-level research is the norm. alexandra bender '24 is heading west to the university of oregon to pursue a ph.d. in organometallic chemistry.                         explore the latest ursinus magazine. ursinus alum and paralympian, emi perry '15 is the definition of resilience in motion. read the cover story and learn about her inspiring journey. kielinski photographers                 every other january, students in the course, biology of the neotropics head to costa rica with their faculty for research and exploration.                       at ursinus, student and faculty researchers from across academic disciplines advance our knowledge of the brain.    margo reed studio                     behind every great show and stunning design is a team of dedicated creators! our performing and visual arts and design and technology students are making magic happen.                       it is the combined strength of the abilities, cultures, ethnicities, experiences, genders, religions, and talents that each of us brings to ursinus college that are the cornerstones of our inclusive campus. during the month of february, ursinus celebrates black history month.                           welcome to the bears’ den! ursinus competes in 26 ncaa iii varsity sports. visit our official athletics site for schedules and results. david morgan              agency choreographed by sophiann moore was one of the many performances during the uc dance company fall show.                     soak in the colorful seasons along the perkiomen trail. ride, walk, or run the the trail that leads to the heart of philadelphia. the perkiomen trail  borders one side of campus and spans 60 miles from green lane park to the philadelphia art museum!                           kyra norman '26, an english major and african american and africana studies minor, worked with drs. lott and onaci as a summer fellow, exploring how black writers and filmmakers use the horror genre to narrate histories of black trauma.                           where nature meets research: ursinus students uncover environmental insights at the whitaker environmental research station, located just off campus.             



our mission is to equip students not just to navigate complexity but to flourish in a world of constant change. ursinus is a college that prepares nimble, creative, forward-thinking leaders—people ready to shape the future.




president robyn hannigan





how can i schedule a campus visit?
do students live on campus all four years?
what is there for students to do in the area?
what majors do you offer?
what are your admitted student events?
how do i get involved on campus?
what scholarship opportunities do you offer?





explore ursinusthrough our eyeslove in in the airbirds eye viewsocialize, study & starbuckstour the commonsfitness & recreationtour the floy lewis bakes centerinnovation & sciencetour the innovation & discovery centerart on campustour the berman museum of art




love in in the air              birds eye view  happy valentine’s day from ursinus, home of over 950 alumni couples!




socialize, study & starbucks              tour the commons  take a tour of schellhase commons with katie barlow ’25




fitness & recreation              tour the floy lewis bakes center  from the pool to the fitness center to our indoor track, take a tour of the flb!




innovation & science              tour the innovation & discovery center  take a tour of the innovation and discovery center with jonah kasznay ’24!




art on campus              tour the berman museum of art  take a tour of the berman museum with caroline tilson ’26
        your journey starts here      find your majorschedule a visitstart your application



          events @ ursinus            feb. 19, 2025 | noon - 2 p.m.                  floy lewis bakes center  2025 career fair    feb. 18, 2025 |  all day                            schellhase commonsbear for a day    feb. 18, 2025 |  5 p.m. - 6:30 p.m.                            institute for inclusion and equity, wismer lowerexpanding social capital through the art of networking    feb. 20, 2025 |  6 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.                            bears denline dancing with donaldson’s    feb. 20, 2025 |  6 p.m. - 8 p.m.                            berman museummother mold: a cosmogony opening receptionsee all events
embark on transformative journeys.  at ursinus, we believe in studying abroad with purpose. travel with ursinus professors to research and explore global health in mexico, ecosystems in costa rica, human rights in south korea, transforming economies in central europe, and more.learn more “embark on transformative journeys.”




















 @ursinuscollege















campus map


webmail


library


editor login


offices and services


employment


contact us


berman museum


title ix and sex discrimination


web accessibility


college bookstore


operating hours and service updates








facebook x / twitter instagram youtube


            © 2025 ursinus college. all rights reserved.
          









 

 

 

















