











havelock, nc photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


activities



























theodore roosevelt natural area


take a walk on pine knoll shores' wild side with a visit to the pristine, undeveloped theodore roosevelt natural area, an expansive 265 acre nature preserve, conveniently located next to the town's most visited attraction, the north carolina aquarium.

pine knoll shores
252-726-3775
map it









north carolina maritime museum at beaufort


dive into a wealth of coastal artifacts, folklore, and legendary figures with a visit to the north carolina maritime museum in beaufort. operating as one of three maritime museums along coastal nc, this distinctive site is known for its unique ship-worthy exterior, its vast collection of exhibits that span centuries, and its close ties with the southern outer banks’ most famous resident, blackbeard the pirate.

beaufort
252-504-7740
map it











uscg emerald isle


the crystal coast's offshore waters are guarded by the us coast guard, and emerald isle is home to one of their flagship stations, encompassing a large section of the town's western edge, adjacent to the inlet, and marked by an unimposing station house that more closely resembles a classic beach cottage than a military outpost.

emerald isle

map it









crystal coast civic center


the crystal coast civic center serves a variety of needs for coastal north carolina's visitors and residents. as a popular venue for private conventions, weddings and events, as well as a public "meeting space" for local concerts and shows, the civic center, located along the waterfront in morehead city, is instrumental in bringing this small coastal community together.

morehead city
252-247-3883
map it











the circle at atlantic beach


crystal coast visitors who want an easy-going day on the seashore can head to one of the most convenient public beach accesses in the region, the circle at atlantic beach. known as the main “town beach” and located in the heart of the busy atlantic beach community, the circle offers a myriad of ways to stay entertained, both on and off the sand.

atlantic beach
252-726-2121
map it









core sound waterfowl museum & heritage center


trace the historic roots of harkers island and its centuries-long life on the water with a visit to the core sound waterfowl museum & heritage center. located in the heart of harkers island along island road, (an authentic crystal coast community that is a far cry from the bustling beaches), this uniquely surprising museum shines a light on how fascinating and essential this small-town community is to the southern outer banks landscape.

harkers island
252-728-1500
map it














crystal coast tourism authority


the crystal coast tourism authority has been instrumental in introducing newcomers to this picturesque stretch of barrier island beaches and barely-inland maritime communities, and serves as an essential tool for visitors to discover this remote but accommodating coastal region.

morehead city

map it









picnic park


hitting the seashore in atlantic beach is an easy venture, thanks to a number of local public beach accesses, including the sprawling picnic street park. with a prime locale that straddles the borders of the fort macon state park and the town limits of atlantic beach, this expansive parking area, known locally as "the bathhouse," can accommodate hundreds of summer visitors, and provides a perfectly relaxing and undeveloped stretch of seashore that's easy to enjoy on any summer day.

atlantic beach

map it









bogue inlet fishing pier


the bogue island fishing pier is a legendary landmark for long time emerald isle vacationers. built in the late 1950s, and operated by the same family for well over 40 years, the fishing pier is a paradise for anglers who want to take advantage of the fantastic fishing conditions that have lured in fishermen to this small coastal town for decades.

emerald isle
252-354-2919
map it












select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













