 



the people’s gospel hour | tpgh



























"for i am not ashamed of the gospel of christ:
  for it is the power of god unto salvation to every one that believeth;
  to the jew first, and also to the greek."  -- romans 1:16


 notes and quotes for today:            
 
          a man for his time: david livingstone – iii
                      christ’s last command should be our first    
                  concern,  “...go ye into all the world and 
                   preach the gospel to every creature.”  mark 16:15
…..stanley in his biography of livingston wrote this about his first visit to the homeland. he said, “ honors are everywhere heaped upon him. the university of glasgow confers upon him the degree of doctor of laws”. on such occasion the recipient of the honor is usually subjected some banter (a playful and a friendly teasing remark) at the hands of the students.   but when livingston rises, bearing upon his person, the marks of his struggles and sufferings in the darkest africa, he is received in reverential silence. he is gaunt and haggard as a result of his long exposure to the tropical sun. in almost thirty occasions he has been laid low by the fevers that steam from the island’s swamp, and these sever illnesses have left their mark. 
yes, his left arm, arm crushed by a lion, hangs helplessly at his side. a hush falls upon that great assembly as livingston announced his resolve to return to the land for which he had already endured so much. “but i return,” livingston said, “without misgiving and with great gladness. for would you like me to tell you what supported me through all the years of exile among the people whose language i could not understand, and whose attitude towards me was always uncertain, and often times hostile?  it was this, “lo i am with you always, even unto the end of the world.” on those words i staked everything and they never failed.
now, eleven years later after he buried his dear wife, it looked like it that his own time came. save only for his native helpers he was all alone, and at the end of everything. he walked as long as he could walk; rode as long as he could ride; and was carried on a litter as long as he could bear it.   but now his feet too ulcerated to touch the ground; with his frame so emaciated it frightens him when he sees it in the glass; and with a horrible inward hemorrhage draining away his scanty remnant of vitality he could go no further.
finally as david livingston’s body began to break down in pain; they carried him around from village to village on a stretcher. one day preaching from a stretcher he finally looked at two of his african brothers and said, “ please take me back home, i am very tired, and very ill, i need some sleep.” and they brought him back to his home and they were about to lay him down on the bed when he said, “ please help me unto my knees.” david livingston went to his knees by the side of his bed and started to pray.   his prayer was so profound and his sanctuary was so unique that, his african brothers felt it was blasphemy to stay in the room with him, so they stepped out of the little room.
then somebody came running and said “ i need to see mr. livingston for a moment.” they said, “ quite please he is praying!” sometimes went on they looked in, still on his knees praying; several minutes went by the looked in, he was still on his knees; and after a long period of time, they went in, they looked he was still there on his knees, and one of the men felt that they needed to go in and persuade him that he needs some sleep; so he walked over and gently touched him and there livingston fell over and he was dead. his servants found david livingston dead kneeling by his bedside as if in prayer, on may 1, 1873 in a village in zambia, with no man near; no woman’s hand to close his eyes in that last cruel sickness, with no comrade to fortify his faith with those words of everlasting and everlasting comfort and everlasting hope he died alone. 
yes, he died on his knees! to whom then was he talking when he died? he was talking even to the last moment of his life to the constant companion of his long, long pilgrimage, to that “gentleman of the most strict and sacred honor,” whose words he had implicitly trusted. and that pathetic figure on his knees is the best testimony to the way in which that sacred pledge was kept.   his heart was buried in africa, but his body was taken to england and buried in westminster abbey on april 4, 1874.
this missionary of the lord died, exactly the way he had lived in the presence of the lord. in one of his famous statements he made in 1853 he said, “ i shall open up a path into the interior or i perish.” and in a letter to his father he wrote, “ i am a missionary heart and soul. god had an only son and he was a missionary and a physician. a poor imitation of him i am or wish to be. in this service i hope to live, in it i wish to die.”
he did not ran away from the voice of god, like jonah did from god’s command; he did not wave a lamp that had no light in it; he did not sell his soul for some earthly pleasure. but the haunting specter of the some of a thousand villages had burned itself within his heart. so that he could say, “ my jesus, my king, my life my all, i again consecrate myself to thee.” 
he said this in his journal while he was still serving, the lord, “…for my own  part i have never ceased that god has appointed me to such an office. people talk of the sacrifice i have made in spending so much of my life in africa. is that a sacrifice with brings its own blessed reward and healthy and helpful activity, the consciousness of doing good , peace of mind, and a bright hope of a glorious destiny hereafter; away with the word sacrifice, say rather it is a privilege; anxiety, sickness, suffering or danger now and then, with a foregoing of the common conveniences and charities of this life, may make us pause; and cause the spirit to waver and the soul to sink; but let this only this be for a moment, all these are nothing when compared with the glory which shall be revealed in and for us, and i – never – made a sacrifice.” 
this is a  a powerful testimony.   truly men like livingstone and others are uniquely different; though we call ourselves missionaries in the ordinary sense of the word, really we are no where near to what these people have been and have gone through!!
dear friend,  you are either called to go! or you are called to send ! the harvest is greater and the laborers fewer today than ever before!! 
may god help us!! 
                           from the peoples gospel hour staff

 
 
 

 
 

how to be  saved …and know it – your most important stop on this site.


audio sermons *updated last month’s broadcasts in mp3, bible studies.
 


the bible reveals two ways which people are following to get into heaven. one way, the true way, is god’s way. god’s way into heaven is the way of peace and truth and righteousness. it is the only way approved of god. this way centers in the lord jesus christ who said: “i am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the father, but by me” (john 14:6). the bible declares that there is another way. “there is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death” (prov. 14:12).
there are so many popular ways today filled with lost multitudes all over the land, such as the way of morality, the way of respectability, the way of religion, the way of churchianity, the way of baptism, the way of christening, the way of confirmation, the way of penance, the way of confession, the way of “doing the best i can”, the way of self, the way of education, the way of philosophy, the way of false isms and cults that crowd the street. little wonder then when we speak to people about the way of salvation, that so many have asked, “how can i know which is the true way? there are so many different ideas and so many religions.”
but there is one difference between god’s way of salvation and man’s way, and that difference is found in a person, the lord jesus christ. you will notice that man leaves christ out of the center of his way. you will discover that the modern false cults and isms demote christ to a mere man and add something to what he has already done for your salvation and mine. we become children of god through a supernatural birth. jesus said to nicodemus: “except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of god” (john 3:3). jesus also said, “marvel not that i said unto thee, ye must be born again” (john 3:7)
“may the lord bless you, and make you a blessing!”  – the pgh staff.


!
 

the people's gospel hour - tpgh



home
salvation
radio
bookroom
gospel standard
about pgh
contact us
downloads

mail: 
p. o. box 1660
halifax, ns b3j 3a1
canada
or
box 55862
boston, ma 02205
usa
phone: 
(902)423-5540
fax: 
(902)423-0820

 




