



plant database | plant identification guide | botanical identification key | horticulture plant identification | plant classification | plants to grow plants database by paul s. drobot





































buy images
botany 101
horticultural notes
plant search
about
contact


image permissions
additional resources


























need royalty-free stock photos of plants?
get web-ready plant images for your business brochures, academic dissertations, websites or other mediums:
find stock plant images







botany 101
botany 101 is a comprehensive botanical pictionary with 4544 definitions and examples of gardening, botanical, and horticultural terms. it also includes 12,750 links to supporting terms, images, and plant data pages from the plants to grow website.

explore now







view our gallery
our website currently has 27,199 images from more than 5500
 different plant(s)
plant gallery







your guide to plant information
plants to grow is your complete source for standardized information about plants worldwide. browse through thousands of data pages outlining information and showing images outlining the characteristics of each type of plant and their classifications. plants to grow is dedicated to informing people on the scientific names and identifying factors of plants from all over the world. whether you’re a leading expert in horticultural science or just a beginning gardener, this database is for you!
please search through our entire archive to find everything you need about plant species, scientific terms, plant facts, and references to various online scholarly resources. when you need royalty free stock photos of plants for your business brochure, academic dissertation, website, or any other plant photo display, you can go through thousands of web-ready stock photos of plants and place an order request to purchase right here.














cart


go to all plants








your cart is empty!







x



checkout
x








home
gallery
botany 101
horticultural notes
plant search
about
contact
permissions
links






		copyright © 2025 perennial landscapes all rights reserved | terms & conditions


0 visitors 


















