






thegreekshop: greek paraphernalia by university apparel,
inc.







 
home |
		order now |
about us |
		site map |
		policieswelcome to
        thegreekshop.com 
by
        university apparel, inc.

		 
 



 fraternal
        regalia.com
university apparel's corporate page. find
        out our store hours, how to get here, or just more
        information about our company.
the
        greekshop 
        for custom greek paraphernalia and accessories.
themaac.com
find custom masonic apparel and accessories in this
        on-line store. 
groove gear 
enter here to order custom paraphernalia for gfg® and groove gems.
iotawear.com

items specifically designed for iota phi theta and
        iota sweethearts 

thebluehousestore.com
enter here to find items for phi beta sigma and zeta phi 
		beta

j2sports 
        custom order school and team "spirit" wear and
        gifts, including shirts, caps, and jackets
elkexpressions.com
         for ibpoew and general elks paraphernalia and
        accessories
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   welcome to the
        greekshop™ by university apparel. our site is down for 
		maintenance. please use one of the
        links on the left to visit one of our other on-line shops 


express 
		service: 5-10 day production for select t-shirts, polo shirts, 
		sweatshirts & jackets !! email us 
		for more information.
 



specializing in custom greek
        paraphernalia, fraternity and sorority apparel, 
        jackets, shirts, bags, caps, jerseys, accessories,
        gifts,  jewelry, masonic paraphernalia, fraternal
        regalia,  blue house masons, oes, shriners,
        daughters of isis, ibpoew, elks, etc., as well as team
        and spirit wear. shop on-line or in our retail store.



  






this site
updated and maintained by  sunshine #3!!!
photographic images
captured by  papa
smurf #9





in god we trust.
we salute our men & women in uniform
        and pray for their safe return.








the epilepsy foundation will
        ensure that people with seizures are able to participate
        in all life experiences; and will prevent, control and
        cure epilepsy through research, education, advocacy and
        services.








don't forget to 
 sign our
guest book before you leave!

 
[ fraternalregalia.com | themaac.com | the blue house store ]
[  g-gear  |  iotawear.com | elkexpressions.com  | 
j2sports:
school/team ]

[ order now | 
request an order status | policies ]
[ guestbook | about
us | home ]
privacy
statement/terms of use


the items shown on this
website are not marketed nor offered for sale as ready-made or in-stock retail items for any 
specific organization,
unless specified as such.  photos are shown as examples of the
work that may have been done in the past and/or that may be made for your
particular fraternal organization.  

the greekshop tm is a trade name 
of university apparel.  "thegreekshop.com" (tm) is
the sole property of university apparel and neither "the greekshop" nor "thegreekshop.com" may be used without written
authorization. for more information about this website, please
contact the webmaster.

tgs, the temple logo, and the 
words tau gamma sigma, are marks of, stand for, and are representative of "the greekshop" 
by university apparel, and are not reflective, inclusive, or 
indicative of any other past or future fraternal organization. 




copyright © 1997-2024 [the greekshop tm/university
apparel]. all rights reserved.
information in this document is subject to change without notice.
other products and companies referred to herein are trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark
holders.




greek letters, name, or insignia of
particular fraternal organizations are not necessarily being sold
under a license or other sponsorship from those organizations,
and the manufacture and/or sale of products contained
herein does not necessarily indicate approval by a national or
local organization. it is the product manufacturers' intent that
sales be only to and/or for members or pledges of the
represented  fraternal organizations.

 
products for greek licensed groups may be subject to additional licensing fees. 
contact us for more information.



 






