










stephen knapp and his books on spiritual enlightenment and vedic culture







stephen
knapp



(sri nandanandana dasa)
 


and
his books on vedic culture,
eastern philosophy and spirituality

an
introduction to the highest levels of spiritual reality


  this has become a huge site with lots of 
information for the promotion
of personal and social spiritual development, especially by using the vedic
path. this site has something for
everyone
interested in spiritual enlightenment, eastern philosophy,
the vedas, vedic culture, yoga, hinduism, reincarnation, or life after
death. it also deals with traveling to the holy places of india, the science of the soul, understanding god,
vegetarianism, global peace, and much more. 







for
      list of books and complete site description: scroll down




about the world relief network


book reviews



reviews
      about this website


articles to read



seeing spiritual india
      photo gallery


the kumbha
      mela festival




krishna
      darshan art gallery 
and the

prabhupada
      photo gallery





taj
      mahal:

was it originally a vedic temple?
the photographic evidence



directories
      of temples around the world



vegetarian
      recipes and resources



a
      little book of prayers, mantras & gayatris



recent
      archeological finds confirming vedic history



write to us or
join stephen's news list




jokes
      and anecdotes




videos introductory and travel
by stephen knapp



if 
	you like this site and the work being done, here is
 how 
	you can help



padma shri award winner in 2025 



from 
the government of india
in 
the category of literature and education
the 
fourth highest civilian award for distinguished service

         here you can find information on the books by the writer, author, philosopher, spiritual practitioner, traveler, photographer, and lecturer stephen
knapp. he has continuously worked to help spread the profound and genuine 
spiritual knowledge in the vedic philosophy in a way so that anyone from 
anywhere can understand and take advantage of it. there is a large amount of 
free information on this site, including numerous articles that will easily and quickly help provide a look into the deeper levels of 
wisdom and understanding that are available, especially through the ancient 
spiritual science of the vedic tradition of india, called sanatana-dharma. you can also get the insights and knowledge
for you to better understand who you are, your spiritual identity, and the real purpose of life from a spiritual
point of view. there are also small e-books on vedic spirituality that can be 
read online or downloaded onto your computer and freely distributed to others. the deeper aspects of this knowledge is supplied in his 
bigger books and published at a cost, but many of these are also sold less 
expensively as e-books. many additional resources for your spiritual knowledge and development 
are also supplied on this site. this is an attempt to allow this knowledge 
to flow as freely as possible for the well-being of people everywhere. scroll
down to find out more. 
        the main purpose of stephen's work is to
offer simple yet accurate ways and explanations to comprehend the lofty insights found
within the spiritual philosophy and vedic culture of india, which has much to
offer humanity. so far his intention
seems to be working. one of his readers wrote, "you have
a rare gift in explaining the complexities of the infinite and incomprehensible
in attractive words." c. k., from australia, may 5, 2001. 
        
many other letters are received on a regular basis that relate similar sentiments, 
such as the following: "dear sir, some
days back i chanced on your website whilst browsing the internet. may i tell you
that you are doing a lot more for hinduism than a born brahmin hindu like myself
is doing. thank you. i am a tamil brahmin iyengar from chennai. your website is
a real reminder/eye opener. thanks and best regards, k. g."  6/5/2003
 
        or this one which 
relates a blessing: "i have become a great fan of yours. i consider you as a 
rebirth of swami vivekananda who has come to save the vedic way of life. may 
vishnu shower his abundant blessings on you!! thank you! yours faithfully, balaji." 9/9/2008
 
       

"what an introspective journey and fight!!! every hindu should 
see and realize the greatness of sanatana dharma and how people from west are 
contributing their might to defend vedic tradition and indian culture! my 
respect and regards to stephen knapp for his efforts and contribution to vedic 
system and indian culture."

        
from a facebook posting, like many others, by krishna mohan mocherla, 9/18/2022.


 
       this website 
contains a huge amount of information that is now easily available at your 
fingertips, and it is always expanding. but stephen's books contain much more and go 
deeper into the topics found on this site for explaining this spiritual 
knowledge and the process for spiritual development, and the importance of vedic 
culture for the progress of humanity. be sure to check them out. the full details and contents of which, 
and how to order them, can be viewed by clicking on the
titles below: 
 

among the books he has written are the
following: 
(click on the book 
titles below for full details and contents, ordering information & individual cover photos)
(1)  
the secret teachings of the vedas,
the eastern answers to the mysteries of life, is an in-depth introduction to the vedic philosophy and the topmost spiritual
knowledge available to humanity. 
(2)  
the universal path to enlightenment,
an analysis of the major world religions and the spiritual path most recommended
for this age. 
(3)  the vedic prophecies: a new look into
the future,   
newly updated & expanded as of march 2011
with much additional material, this provides a look at what the major puranas say
will happen in the future, some of which is already happening. 
(4)  
how the universe was created and our
purpose in it, a detailed description of the vedic version of the
creation of the material universes and life within.

(5)  toward world peace: seeing the unity
between us all, a much needed spiritual message for the present
times. this is so important that i have added an ebook edition to this 
website for free reading and distribution. to read it now online, click here [toward 
world peace e-book]. 
(6)   facing death: welcoming the afterlife, provides
a look at the way death helps us reach our destiny, that it is not a tragedy,
and how to view it and use it spiritually to relieve us of the fear of it. 
(7) 

proof of vedic culture's global
existence, said by many to be a must read, offering a view of
world history and the importance of the vedic influence that most books leave
out. 
(8)  the key to real happiness, offers 
the means to attain one of the prime goals of life, genuine happiness. this book 
and its easy to understand information will show you how to experience real 
happiness and joy, and reach the spiritual level, the platform of the soul, 
beyond the temporary nature of the mind and body. 
(9)  
reincarnation and karma: how they really 
      affect us. this is a short but easy-to-understand and 
      thorough guide in comprehending this complex but basic level of spiritual 
      understanding. for all who wish to learn how their actions affect their 
      future and to determine their own eternal destiny.
      
(10) 
the eleventh commandment: the next 
		step for social spiritual development.
based on the universal spiritual truths, or the deeper levels of 
		spiritual understanding, this book presents a new code in a completely 
		nonsectarian way to bring humanity to a 
		higher level of spiritual consciousness that can impact all aspects of 
		our life. 
		
(11)  the heart of hinduism: the eastern path to 
      freedom, empowerment and illumination. this is a 
      definitive and easy to understand guide to the essential as well as 
      devotional heart of the vedic/hindu philosophy. this is a complete course 
		in all of its philosophy and meanings that allows you to see and easily 
		put into practice the depths of 
      its wisdom and insights that are contained within this profound spiritual 
      knowledge. 
		

		(12)  destined for infinity, 
      is a highly spiritual adventure in which a westerner embarks on a mystical 
      quest into the himalayas and is transported into a new and enlightening 
      spiritual dimension. it relates a man's quest for truth and shows his 
      journey from a state of confusion to one of the highest levels of 
      enlightenment and self-empowerment. it is a book that will take you to 
      other worlds and unlimited realms.
      now also available in india.
      
(13) 

vedic 
		culture: the difference it can make in your life. 

		this new book shows the advantages of the vedic paths of improvement and 
		self-discovery that you can use in your own life to attain personal 
		spiritual awareness, happiness, and fulfillment. it also provides a new 
		view of what these avenues have to offer from some of the most prominent 
		writers on vedic culture in the west, who discovered how it has affected 
		and benefited their own lives. 
(14)  
the power of the dharma: an 
		introduction to hinduism and vedic culture. 
		this offers a concise and easy-to-understand overview of the essential 
		principles and customs of the hindu tradition. it also provides many 
		insights into the depth and value of the timeless wisdom of vedic 
		spirituality and reveals why the dharmic path has survived for thousands 
		of years.
(15) 
seeing spiritual india: a 
		guide to temples, holy sites, festivals and traditions: 2020 update. 
		this is especially for the pilgrim traveler who wants to get the most 
		out of his or her spiritual adventure and experience in india. contains 
		information on hundreds of holy sites and towns, and many more temples. 
		describes how to get there, what you will find, and the places to see 
		and the traditions, stories, and meanings connected with them, along 
		with the benefits of visiting them.  
		
16)
		crimes against 
		india and the need to protect its ancient vedic traditions.
1000 years of attacks against hinduism and what to do about it. 
		this book explains the real history of india, and the many invasions and 
		atrocities against it, its people and its culture that have been, and 
		continue to be committed by many invading forces. also contains action 
		plans and ideas on carrying out ways to promote the profound and dynamic 
		nature of real vedic culture and how to protect and preserve it if we 
		are going to provide a future for it through the generations to come. 
		
now available in 
hindi in both paperback and kindle ebooks.
(17)  
yoga and meditation: their 
real purpose and how to get started  this 
book explains the benefits of yoga, 
 the real purpose of yoga, 
 the 
types of yoga, such as hatha 
yoga, karma yoga, raja and astanga yogas, kundalini yoga, bhakti yoga, mudra 
yoga, mantra yoga, and others; the chakras and koshas; asanas and postures, and the surya 
namaskar; pranayama and breathing techniques 
for inner changes; deep meditation and how to proceed; 
 the methods for using mantras, attaining spiritual enlightenment, 
and much more.

(18) 
avatars, gods and 
goddesses of vedic culture,
understanding the characteristics, powers 
and positions of the hindu divinities. this describes the various aspects, 
symbols, weapons, physical attributes, and some of the legends of the various 
divinities of the vedic tradition. includes lord krishna, vishnu, their main 
avatars and expansions, along with brahma, shiva, ganesh, murugan, surya, hanuman, as 
well as the goddesses of sri radha, durga, sarasvati, lakshmi, and others. 
(19)

the soul: understanding our real 
identity. the key to spiritual awakening. short 
and to the point, this book provides a summarization of the most essential 
spiritual knowledge of the pre-eminent vedic tradition. the 
descriptions will give you greater insights and a new look at who and what you 
really are as a spiritual being. 
(20)
prayers, mantras and gayatris:
a 
collection for insights, protection, spiritual growth, and many other blessings.
the sanskrit prayers, gayatris mantras, and stotras or devotional songs 
within this volume offer many kinds of blessings, spiritual insights, 
protection, and the means for further self-development and spiritual 
advancement. 
(21) 
krishna deities 
and their miracles: how the images of lord krishna interact 
with their devotees. this gives the philosophical and scriptural basis how 
deities reciprocate with devotees, plus the antiquity of deity worship in the 
vedic tradition, ancient temples across india of particular interest, and old 
and modern stories of deities interacting with their devotees. 
(22) 
defending vedic dharma: tackling the issues 
to make a difference: this book takes on some of the most 
topical issues at present that many do not properly understand about vedic 
culture, and explains and resolves them in a way that can help us apply vedic 
culture to our lives and help others have a clearer and more positive view of what it has to 
offer. 
(23) 
advancements of 
ancient india's vedic culture: 
the planet’s earliest civilization and how it influenced the 
world
this provides a detailed description of all the ancient advancements that 
were developed in the ancient vedic culture of india and the indus or sarasvati 
civilization. much of this is what people are forgetting, or never knew, of how 
superior this culture was in mathematics, medicine and surgery, ship building 
and maritime trade, textiles, metallurgy, writing and language, architecture, 
and many other areas of development, including its spiritual path of sanatana-dharma. 
(24) 

spreading vedic traditions through temples: proven strategies 
that make them more effective. this book covers many methods that are not 
merely ideas, but are already being used in practical and successful ways to 
help preserve, promote and spread what is the last bastion of deep spiritual 
truth. as more temples are built in western countries, these strategies will 
become increasingly important. using these techniques as the basis of your 
ideas, your temple cannot help but be successful. 
(25) 
the bhakti-yoga handbook
a guide for beginning the essentials of devotional yoga. this book is a 
guide for anyone who wants to begin the practice of bhakti-yoga in a practical 
and effective way. this supplies the information, the principles, the regular 
activities or sadhana, and how to have the right attitude in applying 
ourselves to attain success on the path of bhakti-yoga, which is uniting with 
god through love and devotion.
(26) 
lord 
krishna and his essential teachings: if god were to tell you the 
truth about life, this is it. this books explains who is lord krishna, why 
he appears in this world, and his instructions about the purpose of life and 
what we are supposed to do here, and how to use it to make the best use of our 
situation. this is like the secret knowledge of life that we should all know. 
(27)
mysteries of the ancient 
vedic empire: recognizing vedic contributions to other cultures 
around the world. this book takes us on a journey through history and across 
many countries as we point out similarities and remnants of the vedic tradition 
that remain there to this day.
(28) 
casteism in india:
is it the scourge of hinduism or the perversion of a legitimate vedic system 
known as varnashrama.  this book is a short study of what the vedic texts 
actually say about what the vedic social arrangement is really supposed to be 
and the purpose of it. 
(29) 
ancient history 
of vedic culture: the time line of india's vedic civilization 
as presented by the tradition. this books explains the traditional views as to the antiquity of vedic society, 
its ancient beginnings, how the vedic texts manifested, and how the vedic 
knowledge was given to humanity and spread around the world. 
(30) 
a 
complete review of the vedic literature: india's ancient 
library of spiritual knowledge: this book shows how these many texts fit 
together, their divisions, the supplements, what information they contain, and 
their philosophical conclusions. 
(31) 
bhakti-yoga; 
the easy path of devotional yoga: this offers a systematic description of how bhakti-yoga works, the 
practice and philosophy of it, and how to become successful on this spiritual 
path. 
(32) 
the power of the maha-mantra: 
this explains by scriptural references what is so special about chanting the 
hare krishna mantra. 
(33)  
the power of bhagavad-gita,
this book is a key to opening the possibilities in the ways the
bhagavad-gita can be of assistance to us and lead us to a higher 
understanding of who we are and the purpose of life. 
(34) 
the power of the 
ramayana,  shows how it has remained so popular for so 
many years and explains the many levels of knowledge is has to offer us, and 
historical nature of lord rama. 
(35) 
the power of sri 
sri radha kunjabihari: stories of the miracles of the 
deities of detroit's devasadan mandir, along with gorgeous photos of the deities 
including some of the installation ceremony. 
new (36) 
seeing 
spiritual india: photos of temples and holy sights of northern india 
this book shows 462 color photographs of northern india with a section on far 
northeastern india as well.
new (37) 

seeing spiritual india: photographs of temples and culture of south india 
this book shows 345 color photographs of temples, architecture and the culture 
of south india.
new (38) 

seeing spiritual india: photographs of temples and culture of west india. 
this books presents 490 photo of various temples, holy sights, forts, 
architecture and art, and culture of west india.
new (39) 


seeing spiritual india: photographs of temples and culture of east india. 
this books presents 586 color photos of various temples and huge festivals, 
architecture, art, and culture of east india.
new (40) 

glories of his divine grace srila a. c. bhaktivedanta swami prabhupada. 
this gives a biographical description of srila prabhupada and prophecies of his 
appearance and offers 83 never-before published photos of him.
new (41) 

the taj 
mahal: its alternative history as a vedic temple:  
available only as an ebook, contains several papers by noted researchers into 
this topic as found on this website but as a kindle ebook or pdf file. 
new (42) 
memories 
of vrindavana the land of krishna: photographs of many of its holy sights: 
with 489 photos, this presents a look at the many temples, deities and village 
life of the people of vrindavana, with a wide overview of sights and temples 
from the surrounding area. 
new (43) 

some of the 
great vaishnava saints and sages of india.  
biographies of over 75 of some of the most noted vaishnava saints that helped 
establish the teachings and philosophy of lord krishna and sri chaitanya across 
india and all over the world. 



most of the books stephen had published by 2011, all of which are 
both in paperback or kindle ebooks.



some of stephen's later books


 

stephen's more recent photographic books 
 
free "e-books"
        these free e-booklets are meant
not only for reading here online, but you can also download and read them on
your own computer, or share them and email them to others, as is the case with most of the
articles on this site. this way we can spread free spiritual knowledge
throughout the internet, especially to those who may need a better understanding
of vedic culture. all of these are now available as microsoft word or adobe .pdf files and
can be emailed to you upon your request so you can format them to your own
preferences to be printed and distributed to others as you wish.  



(44)  why be a hindu: the advantages of the vedic path,  a free
and simple "e-book" for easy reading on the web or distribution through
email for providing and promoting a better understanding of the vedic process. this
points out 28 simple yet thought-provoking distinctions that are worth
considering, and from which anyone can benefit. click on the title for immediate access. (23
pages)  

    this is also now available as kindle e-book for $2.99 at:

http://www.amazon.com/why-be-hindu-advantages-ebook/dp/b007pm2iem/ref=sr_1_43?s=books&ie=utf8&qid=1333040061&sr=1-43 
and at all other international amazon.com outlets as the following: 

 


usukdefresitnljpbrcamxauin

 

 
(45)  
vedic
culture / hinduism: a short introduction, this shows that vedic philosophy is not as complex as some people
think. it briefly explains the major points of vedic philosophy
and hinduism, how it started, what are the basic beliefs and goals that we
are all looking for, what are the vedic texts, the main spiritual concepts and
processes, and
some of the traits and characteristics of the practice and meanings of
them. (30  pages)
(46)
 basic points about vedic culture / hinduism: a short 
introduction - part 2, 
this booklet goes a little deeper than the previous booklet, and is designed to 
give succinct and easy answers to a wide assortment of common questions about 
the vedic philosophy, tradition, customs, symbols, dharma, worship, etc. this is to help show 
that everything in the vedic tradition has a purpose and a logical explanation, 
if we only know what it is. it is time to again awaken to the reasons for the 
traditions that have been followed for thousands of years, and this booklet will 
help do that. 
(40 pages) 
(47)  
thirty-one
days to salvation on the vedic path. this "e-booklet"
takes 108 of the most essential verses from the bhagavad-gita and clearly shows how
easy and simple this path can be. by taking one lesson a day and adding the
recommended principles and characteristics to your life, by the end of 31 days
you will have most everything you need to reach salvation, or moksha as 
it is called in sanskrit, which 
means liberation from material existence through enlightenment. this
booklet is meant for free distribution for the advancement of sanatana-dharma,
the eternal and universal spiritual path meant for everyone. (28
pages)
    this 
is now available as a kindle e-book for $2.99 at:

http://www.amazon.com/thirty-one-days-salvation-vedic-ebook/dp/b007plvnp8/ref=sr_1_42?s=books&ie=utf8&qid=1333040248&sr=1-42  
and at all other international amazon.com outlets, such as the following: 


        usukdefresitnljpbrcamxauin
 
(48)  meditation:
a short course to higher consciousness. this "e-book" provides an essential description of the process of
meditation, from its basic purpose to the preparations and techniques, asanas,
pranayama exercises, the use of mantras, the meaning of om and the mahamantra, and the means for enlightenment and
ultimate liberation. it also gives information about which processes are most
recommended, and gives the average person a quick understanding on how to begin
and what to expect, and how to get the most out of it. (38 pages) 
(49) 
yoga and how to get started.
 this ebook explains what is yoga and its 
benefits. it then explains how to start a yoga program, and provides 
instructions for eighteen asanas that you can do to begin a routine. it also 
describes the systems of karma-yoga, jnana-yoga, raja-yoga, bhakti-yoga, 
kundalini-yoga and others and how they work so you can pursue the path best for 
you for additional spiritual benefits. this can be used with the "meditation" ebook for a 
practical guide on yoga and meditation.  (30 pages) 

(50) 

sri
krishna is an "ebooklet" that explains the nature
of lord krishna, who he is, some of his activities, his beauty, and some of the
nature of the spiritual world, which is our real home. this article is
extensively referenced from vedic texts and is essential for any readers new to this topic of vedic spiritual science. several
rare paintings of krishna are also included. (28 pages)
(51) 
shiva
and durga: their real identity. this "e-booklet"
explains who shiva and durga are, the meaning of their symbols, how krishna
devotees are dear to shiva and shiva is dear to them, lord shiva's position and
purpose, what is shaivism, the shivaratri festival, the shaktas and tantrism,
the tantras, how shiva and durga are considered the mother and father of the
universe, how lord shiva appeared in the world, how he assists in the universal
destruction, the shiva-lingam, and lord shiva's ultimate spiritual advice. (28 
pages)

 (52) 

  manifestation of
souls and where they go. this "e-booklet" provides the
details of how the individual souls are manifested from god, how they evolve
through the material existence, and how they can be liberated from it by
reaching the ultimate destination. this shows how we are all the same and all
related because we all have the same beginning. (21-pages)
(53)  
death of the 
aryan invasion theory. this booklet discusses and presents 
evidence of the real origins of the aryans and vedic civilization, and why the 
theory of an invasion of aryans, a so-called tribe of caucasian people from the 
north, was developed to denigrate the real culture of india. it establishes how 
there never was an aryan invasion, how the vedic texts present no evidence of 
such happening, how the vedic aryans were indigenous to india, and how the vedic 
influence spread from india throughout the world. (23 pages) 
(54)

the aryan 
invasion theory: the final nail in its coffin  the 
theory that the vedic aryans were a tribe from the north that invaded the area 
of india and established the vedic civilization is rapidly falling into 
discredit, but it 
still exists in many school books and carries some influence 
in certain areas. this puts together the information on how and why max muller 
started the theory, the damage it has done, objections to it and lack of 
evidence for it, the misleading dates for it, the sarasvati river in the rig 
veda and proof of its existence and its demise, deciphering the indus seals, how 
genetics show an east to west movement, all of which proves there never was any 
aryan invasion. (25 pages). this is also now available as a 
amazon.com kindle ebook for $2.99 at:

http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00aeihf2y and at all amazon.com international 
outlets, such as: 




      usukdefresitnljpbrcamxauin

 
 
(55)  
the 
tulasi-devi handbook: guidelines and instructions on the importance, care and 
worship of the tulasi tree. this is 
a compilation to help anyone successfully grow the tulasi tree, consisting of: 
1. quotes from srila prabhupada, 2. prayers and mantras for tulasi, 3. how to 
offer tulasi devi worship (puja), 4. tulasi devi: the importance of the sacred 
tree, 5. the marriage of tulasi and the significance of shalagrama-shilas, 6. 
how to care for tulasi, 7. caring for tulasi devi from seedlings, and 8. picture 
pages that illustrate some of the instructions on caring for the tulasi tree. 
also available as a pdf file for easy use and reading.
        
along with the above booklet, we also have "growing 
organic tulasi indoors" by bhakta patrick who gives a 
thorough and updated explanation of how to grow the sacred tulasi tree in an 
organic environment. this can provide more advice on what to do, including: 
basic plant anatomy, organic vs. inorganic, obtaining a tulasi plant, caring for 
young seedlings, soil, watering, lights, nutrients, pests, collecting leaves, 
transplanting, supplies list, and more. 
defending 
dharma: handling the christian challenges.
this booklet 
provides the means for standing up to defend sanatana-dharma especially against 
the arguments that christians use most often to criticize 
and demean the vedic tradition, or discourage others from being hindus or 
followers of sanatana-dharma. herein you can find the means to help yourself and 
others defend dharma by using logic and common sense, and the counter arguments 
that can be used against the criticisms from those who simply do not understand 
it, especially christians. this also helps you recognize the lapses in logic 
(known as "philosophical fallacies") in their own arguments. thus, everyone 
should awaken to the realities of what christianity has done to decent humans in 
the past, and how their conversion tactics are still performed with the mission 
of christianizing the world. (33 pages) 
 


availability 
of books  


stephen's books are available through all amazon outlets 
	around the world in 
	paperback or kindle
 
	    


        you can see all of these books
    on stephen knapp's amazon author's page to order directly from amazon.com 
at: https://www.amazon.com/stephen-knapp/e/b001hd0914?ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1&qid=1566164541&sr=8-1  
	
        for the nook e-reader: 
many of stephen's books are also available for the
www.barnesandnoble.com nook 
e-reader. just do a search for stephen knapp on their site.
        from 
	books-a-million: many of stephen's books are also available here:
	
	http://www.booksamillion.com/search?id=4953932008326&query=stephen+knapp&where=books 
        
adobe reader e-book editions for stephen's books can also 
be ordered for reading on your computer no matter where you 
live, from www.lulu.com. just do a search 
for stephen knapp on their site. to get the latest version of 
the free adobe 
reader to read the ebook, use this link:

http://get.adobe.com/reader/otherversions/.
 



stephen's books 
published in india
 


        now all of stephen's books are available in india on amazon.in  in both paperback 
	or kindle ebooks, in rupees 
	at:
	
	http://www.amazon.in/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1/276-3108029-1774103?url=search-alias%3dstripbooks&field-keywords=stephen+knapp#/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3dstripbooks&field-keywords=stephen+knapp&rh=n%3a976389031%2ck%3astephen+knapp

        
paperback books published in india so far include "the secret teachings of the 
vedas", "vedic culture: the difference it can make in your life", "destined 
for infinity", "the power of the dharma", "the heart of 
hinduism," and "spiritual india handbook" (indian title for "seeing spiritual 
india"), and "crimes against india" in hindi on amazon.in. 
        
"the secret teachings of the vedas" and "seeing spiritual india" 
(titled "spiritual india handbook") as well as "avatars, gods and 
goddesses of vedic culture" (under the name of "hindu gods & goddesses") are available through jaico 
publishing house in mumbai.

 






what's new on this site

		 

      
		
 self-defense 
		in vedic dharma: is it our duty?  this discusses the 
		importance of preserving and protecting sanatana-dharma and why, and 
		what our shastra says about this. it explains all the ways that we can 
		work to do this in a nonviolent way before more forceful measures need 
		to be used if necessary. but the conclusion is that we must act before 
		our freedoms to be hindus and participate in vedic culture are reduced 
		or extinguished.  

      
		the 
		significance of the new ram mandir in ayodhya, by stephen knapp. 
		a western devotee's perspective on the difference the new rama mandir 
		will make.     
		

     
		
		the conclusion of vedanta, presents the final conclusion of 
		vedic philosophy and its spiritual truths as presented in the jaiva 
		dharma by srila bhaktivinoda thakur.

     
		just wake up! is the 
		story of the start of my own spiritual awakening from the materialistic 
		illusory dream to spiritual reality, and what it takes to continue the 
		journey of awakening. 

     
		 
the glories of vedic 
culture as expressed by western thinkers this article gives quotes from numerous western 
poets, writers, thinkers and philosophers from over the years who have written 
about and given praise to india and its spiritual culture.  

      
		

samvit, sandhini and hladini: 
		the three original energies of the lord  
		and how they compose the form of the lord and expand into the various 
		spiritual facilities in the spiritual realm.  
      
		why the 
		demigods want birth on earth  describes how the 
		residents of heaven feel that life on earth is especially beneficial for 
		reaching the real purpose of existence, which is to attain the spiritual 
		world, which is more easily accomplished on earth than from heaven. 
      
		sankirtana--what 
		makes it so effective   explains from the evidence by 
		jiva goswami why sankirtana, or kirtana, the chanting and singing of the 
		lord's holy names, such as in the hare krishna maha-mantra, is so 
		effective in helping people make spiritual advancement, and can arouse 
		the divine love which everyone is seeking. 
      
		sri 
		nandanandana dasa: the meaning of the name  gives a deep 
		description of what this name means and the form of krishna to which it 
		refers. 
       
		vedic contributions 
		in the orient shows how vedic culture was very influential in 
		the cultures of the far east and south pacific.
      
		 
bhagavad-gita mahatmya, 
by adi shankaracharya. the glorifications and benefits of the bhagavad-gita as 
explained by sri shankacharya.

      
		how 
		yoga can lead to a universal vision of humanity, gives 
		indications of the way yogic teachings can lead to see our social and 
		personal unity with each other. 
      
		recognizing 
		vedic culture around the world, this is a simple introduction to 
		how we can begin to recognize how vedic culture infiltrated or was 
		simply accepted into various cultures around the world.
      
		
		influence of vedic culture around the world, shows how many 
		scholars from numerous places outside india have great respect for 
		india's vedic culture. 
      
		

		not feeling the bliss of spiritual life? here's the cure,  
		this explains how to experience or regain the bliss and ecstasy in 
		spiritual life by attaining the right mood in your service attitude, and 
		why it works.
      
		what we 
		should be thankful for about india, explains how india's ability 
		to persevere, its flexibility and culture has preserved india's ability 
		to thrive, which it and its people are doing now that it has its 
		independence and freedom from what some people call its years of slavery 
		to invaders, but now how it must choose its destiny carefully after 
		learning the lessons of the past. 
      
		krishna--the ever-loving god  
		explains how krishna is always loving toward everyone, but reciprocates 
		with his devotees according to the love they have for him.   
      
		
		krishna's eternal spiritual abode--our ultimate goal  
		explains a little about the spiritual abode of lord krishna, which is 
		our ultimate home and goal. 
      
		mantra-yoga: a 
		necessity for this age  explains how mantras work and how 
		they are the best technique for spiritual realization in this age. 
      
		the beauty of lord krishna  
		explains the many beautiful characteristics and qualities of lord 
		krishna, and how he is the origin of all beauty.
      
		how to understand god  
		explains the process by which we can understand the nature of god.      
      
		how lord 
		krishna is the source of all avatars: the expansions of the supreme  
		explains how all expansions or incarnations of lord vishnu can be traced 
		to lord krishna. 
       


adding innovation, wisdom and holistic human development to our universities, 
this article shows how it is beneficial when students in pre-school, or even in 
school and universities, include studies in the dharmic traditions for reaching 
the higher potential in human development. 
      
		kurukshetra: a short 
		visitor's guide to the holy town, describes the many places to 
		see that are associated with lord krishna, or the bhagavad-gita which 
		was spoken by lord krishna, or incidents in the mahabharata. 
      
		bhagavad-gita's 
		ultimate purpose  shows what is the ultimate goal that 
		lord krishna emphasizes in the recurring theme that appears several 
		times throughout the gita. this is the essential conclusion of all 
		vedanta.
 








the latest 
videos by 
		stephen knapp 







				the importance of bhagavad-gita in this day and age, by stephen 
				knapp 

21:11





				angkor wat: visiting the largest vishnu temple in the world, by 
				stephen knapp 
22.33









						the temples around angkor wat, by stephen knapp 


26:57




 

click here for 
	more introductory and travel videos by stephen knapp
to see all of the videos available by stephen knapp
go straight to his youtube channel and click on 
		"videos" through this 
		link:


		https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgcdlsujbpgy6oubop5_rtg




free brochures


	these are made to assist you in distributing knowledge of the uplifting 
	aspects of vedic culture, and for answering common questions to help others 
	get a better understanding of what it is. these are already formatted and ready to print for easy distribution. these are especially designed to be concise and 
	succinct explanations of what are complex topics to fit in the space of a 
	brochure. there is also space to include your own contact information. these are in word 
	files for ease of flexibility and not on the website. email your request to 
	me at srinandan@aol.com for 
	the brochures you want to have emailed back to you.  
	pick the ones you want. a few of them are available as short articles to give you an idea of the 
	content. click on the underlined titles that follow. so far these  
	include:
	

	1. karma: what is it? 2.
	reincarnation: a simple 
	explanation, 3. vedic 
	description of the soul, 4. why be 
	vegetarian, 5. vedic culture: as relevant today as ever, 6. 
	who is krishna? 7.
	the significance of 
	deities and deity worship, 8.
	 
	prasada: the power of sacred food, 9. what is the hare krishna 
	movement, 10. who is srila
prabhupada, 
	11. welcome to our krishna temple, 12. on chanting hare krishna (by 
	srila prabhupada), 13. the peace formula (by srila 
	prabhupada). 
	





site description
what else you will find on this site
        articles
    to read  provides many samples
of stephen's writings and information on a wide range of interesting topics. 
there is something for everyone. they are all listed alphabetically on the "articles 
to read" page with short descriptions of each. a list of articles and quick 
links to most of them is provided on the left. these include excerpts from 
stephen's books as well as introductions to the many answers to questions about 
life that the eastern and vedic philosophy contain. they are offered in two parts: part one 
provides a diverse selection for both beginners and advanced on numerous aspects 
of vedic understanding, and part two 
includes items that focus on particular issues dealing more specifically with  
hinduism and india.




links list of articles 

part one



about the name "hindu"



about vedic prophecies


absolute 
		truth: what or who is it 




a brief biography of


his divine grace a. c. 
      bhaktivedanta swami prabhupada



a call to be vedic 
		ambassadors




a look at india from the views of other scholars



an alien's view of life on 
      earth



a new species of humanity



another creation 
      theory bites the dust




antiquity of deity worship in the vedic tradition



a reason why i am determined to 
      spread spiritual knowledge



avataras of god



becoming a hindu or 
		devotee is easy


 
becoming free from sex 
desire 



		beyond vegetarianism



bhagavad-gita's ultimate purpose



bible teaches chanting 
      god's names




biographies of vaishnava saints 
		and sages




the 
      brahma-madhva-gaudiya disciplic succession and its unique characteristics



buddhism and its vedic 
		connections




		can vedic dharma bring peace to the world?




		choosing a spiritual or material lifestyle, or a balance of both




christianity 
      and the vedic teachings within it




christianity's 
      similarities with hinduism



consciousness: the 
      symptom of the soul




curing depression with 
		spirituality 




darshan and 
      the significance of deity worship




dealing with 
      the loss of one's spiritual master



descriptions of the spiritual world



dispelling the fear of death



divya desams of lord vishnu



do all christians go to 
      heaven?



economics according to the vedic 
		way



ekadasi: the appearance and purpose of this 
		special day




environmentalism according to the vedic view




finding our real 
      spiritual identity



frequencies that can kill, heal, 
      and transcend


ganesh




giving vedic 
		culture to the next generation




god is both personal (bhagavan) and impersonal (brahman)




gods and goddesses of vedic culture
a quick guide



gotras: a simple explanation



great indians who did great things



hare krishna, hare krishna, what's so 
      special about chanting hare krishna?



hindu festivals



hinduism predates 
      christianity: the archeological proof



hindus, dharmists, devotees and politics


how 
		i started writing (and what became of it)




how lord krishna is the source of all avatars: the 
		expansions of the supreme




how the essence of religion came from vedic culture



how the sciences faded from india




how to 
      spiritualize your busy life and why


how 
		to understand god



how we can see god




how yoga can lead to a universal vision of humanity




importance of bhagavad-gita in this day and age



importance of the cow in vedic culture




indian 
      contributions to american and global progress




		india's ancient and great maritime history




influence of vedic culture around the world


inner 
		meanings of lord krishna's pastimes




jesus predicted in 
		the vedic literature?



jesus taught bhakti-yoga


just wake up!



kalki: the next avatar of god 
      and the end of kali-yuga



karma of the nation



karma: what is it?




krishna's eternal spiritual abode--our ultimate goal 



krishna--the ever-loving god



kurukshetra: a short visitor's guide to the holy town



lakshmi, the goddess of fortune



		lord balarama: who is he




lord krishna descends to reestablish vedic culture 



lord rama: fact or fiction 
		



lord vishnu



mantra-yoga: a necessity for this age



mayavada-sata-dusani by srila 
		madhvacarya




mohammed: is he really predicted in the bhavishya purana?



moksha / liberation: what is 
		it?



my northeast india mission of 
      2003-4




nam bhajan:


the 
		science of chanting hare krishna





natural disasters:


where is god in all of this?



nityananda prabhu: who is he



nonviolence according to 
		dharma




not feeling the bliss of spiritual life? here's the cure



108: the significance of the number




the dangers in


organized religion



our real identity, our 
      real motivation




politics and leadership in the 
		vedic way



prasada: the power of 
		sacred food




preaching in india's northeast for cultural preservation



preparing for your trip to 
      india




purpose and function of the 
		government according to mahabharata



purpose of defending dharma




radha kund: the holy place of srimati 
radharani 



ramayana sites in sri lanka



ratha-yatra 
      festival at jagannatha puri




reaching our fullest potential with vedic spirituality




reaching the ecstasy within devotional yoga




		recognizing vedic culture around the world



reestablishing the date of 
      lord buddha



reincarnation: a simple 
		explanation



religious unity: why there could be a one 
      world religion



rudraksha




samvit, sandhini and hladini: 
		the three original energies of the lord



sanatana-dharma 
	/ hinduism in a nutshell



sanatana-dharma: its real meaning



sankirtana--what makes it so effective



sanskrit: its importance to language



sarasvati, the goddess of 
      learning




scholars who believe in the false history of india are a dying breed



seeing beyond the illusion



seeing the divinity in 
      everyone


shiva-lingam: 
		what is it





slavery to banks: a 
		vedic prophecy




spiritual 
      enlightenment: a cure for social ills



spiritual enlightenment: what is it




spirituality beyond religion: 
		the concept and the conference





srila bhaktisiddhanta sarasvati 
		thakura: the lion guru



srila bhaktivinoda thakura and 
		his great accomplishments



sri caitanya mahaprabhu



sri krishna



srila vyasadeva



srimate radharani




sri nandanandana dasa: the meaning of the name




staying free of 
		kali-yuga's dark influence



story of the 
      appearance of lord krishna



surya namaskar: a great exercise routine



		swastika: its real meaning



		the beauty of lord krishna



the conclusion of vedanta



the dangers of meat



the disappearance of the ganges



the four sampradayas



the glories of 
		vedic culture as expressed by western thinkers



the golden rule is 
		in every religion




		the greatness of ancient india's developments




the material 
      creation is proof of god's existence



the meaning of "god is love"




		the out of africa theory verses the vedic view


the 
		prison of religion and the freedom in vedic culture



the proto-indo-european language



the purpose of life



		the purpose of ritual worship




		the ramayana on the need for a proper leader



the ramayana summarized



there is no failure in 
      spiritual life


the 
		secret of bhakti-yoga


tilak: why wear it




time line of lord krishna



timings of the four yugas



the traditional 
      source of vedic literature



tulasi devi: the sacred tree



ufo's and vimanas




uncovering the 
      truth about india's history



universal brotherhood 
      includes the animals




using proper vocabulary to describe vedic concepts



vastu 
		shastra: an introduction




vedas say they must be shared with everyone



vedic contributions in the orient




vedic culture: as 
		relevant today as ever



vedic culture is the 
      parent of humanity




vedic 
      culture: the last bastion of deep spiritual truth



vedic description of the 
		soul



vegetarianism: beef can kill you




vegetarianism: 
      quotes from noteworthy people




vegetarianism: 
      recommended in vedic scripture 



vegetarianism supported 
      in the bible



visiting the grave of jesus in srinagar, kashmir



vrindavana: the holy land of lord krishna



		were there two buddhas?



what is the vedic aryan culture



		what is vedic literature



when religions create 
      divisions and how to avoid it



whole world is one family


 why be 
	vegetarian



why 
		i became a hindu / a krishna bhakta



why is there suffering?



why study the vedic path



why the demigods want birth on earth




why understand 
      the creation of the universe



women in vedic culture



world peace is a possibility


yantras: what is 
		their purpose




yoga and meditation: their origins and real purpose



your thoughts create your 
      future




articles: part two
cultural challenges




the significance of the new ram mandir in ayodhya




adding innovation, wisdom and holistic human development to our universities



the basis of the hindu identity and cause for unity



		becoming a dharmic leader




american hindus: how to cultivate your culture in america





united hindu identity


united hindu cooperation



hindus must unite or face extinction



the power of a united hindu community




giving inspiration: the primary mission of the vedic 
		temple



creating a spiritual revolution in india for protecting india’s vedic heritage




the threat against hindu temples and vedic culture in india



 
the 
      war against hinduism




speaking out against 
      prejudice toward hinduism and india



why all religions are not the same




interfaith marriages: what young dharmists 
		should know 




the aryan invasion: 
      history or politics




solid evidence 
      debunking aryan invasion




christian persecution in 
      india: the real story




are the hindus 
      destined to become an extinct race?




hindu apathy, the real enemy, exploited by world 
		religions



hindus must stand 
		strong for dharma



self-defense in vedic dharma: is it our duty?




strong hindu families for strong hindu youth




without promotion vedic culture cannot be 
protected



a cure for the corruption in india




time to plan the 
      survival of vedic culture



vedic temples: making them more effective





vedic temples as centers of sacred knowledge



kashmir: my experience in srinagar




the truth on kashmir 
      and terrorism in india





an action plan for 
      the survival of vedic culture



 
save your 
      culture




preservation, protection, promotion and perpetuation of 
		vedic culture



 
casteism: is it 
      the scourge of hinduism, or the perversion of a legitimate vedic system?




vedic literature says caste by birth is unjust




opening vedic temples to everyone




		what we should be thankful for about india




thirteen years of 
      killings in tripura



mahatma gandhi on conversion




the real history of india


map of 
		india


 
        

 the world relief network  publishes 
most of stephen's books and are located at: p. o. box 15082, detroit, michigan  
48215--0082  u.s.a.  further information about them and what their 
mission is also provided through this link. 
  
	       write to us with 
	your questions or thoughts. also send us an email to:
        

join stephen's news list to keep 
informed of his future publications of books, articles and activities, as well 
as occasional but most interesting updates in news and 
views on spiritual development, sanatana-dharma, the preservation and protection 
of vedic culture, developments in spiritual organizations and communities, or 
other behind-the-scenes items outside the mainstream news coverage to see what 
is really going on, and sometimes articles by other noteworthy writers that are 
not on the website.
       
    
book reviews
    allows you to check what others have said about his books. stephen has put 
the culmination of over thirty years of continuous research and travel 
experience into his books in an effort to share it with those who are also 
looking for higher levels of spiritual understanding. many people and seekers of 
spiritual truth have appreciated the important insights they have received from 
his books. more information about stephen is provided below. 
          
 reviews about this 
website  offers thoughts and appreciations of others who 
have visited this site. 

        
seeing spiritual india 
provides an introduction to traveling to the holy places of india with links to 
a large selection of color photos taken by stephen. this provides many 
interesting and beautiful views of the country, holy sites, major festivals, and 
its people. this is also listed as one of the "articles." anyone who loves 
traveling or who wants to see more of india will like this. many other black & 
white photographs and information about how to travel to the holy sites in india 
can be found in his books. 
  
      
  the kumbha mela 2001  
relates background information and stephen's personal experience of this 
incredible and huge festival. it is the largest spiritual gathering of people in 
the history of the world, with over 70 million people attending from all over. 
it also saw an amazing increase in westerners, even famous movie stars, curious 
to see what the mela is all about. why is this festival so unique? why does it 
attract so many people? what are its benefits? and what happens at this 
festival? you can find out the answers through the fascinating articles and 
photographs that are listed.  
       
videos: introductory 
and travel, by stephen knapp. these offer introductions 
into various topics and traditions of 
vedic culture in videos for those who prefer to view either lectures, events, 
customs through videos. there are also a number of travel videos to places 
stephen has visited which show some of the holy places through moving video. check out the page to see what topics and 
holy places 
or festivals are offered. 
       
the 
krishna darshan art gallery  offers a wide collection of 
numerous images, including a selection of photographs of lovely krishna deities 
from around the world, some of which are rare, along with a variety of beautiful 
paintings, and prints of krishna pastimes, many of which can also be used for 
your home altar. this provides views into the spiritual 
world and helps our meditation and devotion. access to additional prints of 
vishnu, lakshmi, ramachandra, hanuman, shiva, ganesh, and others are also 
available here. 
        

the prabhupada photo gallery  
is also accessed through the krishna darshan art gallery or simply by clicking 
this link. it contains over 140 never  before published photographs of his 
divine grace srila a. c. bhaktivedanta prabhupada in three collections, showing 
prabhupada in a variety of settings and places.  

        

 
was the taj mahal a vedic temple? the photographic 
evidence   this 
is a special page that presents two collections of photographs: one that 
belonged to the archaeology survey of india and another private collection, both 
of which show the vedic influence in the taj mahal and other buildings that lead 
to the idea that they were originally vedic temples and palaces. it also 
presents the vedic influence in old drawings and art from elsewhere in the 
world. even if you do not accept all of this information, it makes for an 
extremely fascinating story. other articles are also available through this page 
that provide additional evidence. 

       

directories of temples, 
ashramas and spiritual organizations from around the world 
    are 
now provided in response to people who have inquired about where there 
might be temples or centers near them. such places are where they can continue 
their study or associate with similarly interested people. and if you can't find 
anyone near you, you can always write to stephen, so 
stay in touch.  

        

 
vegetarian recipes and resources  
is a page that provides all you need to get started or expand your ability to be 
vegetarian or assist others in becoming one, and the reasons for it. you get 
access to a large selection of great vegetarian recipes, cookbooks you can print 
and use now, and over 65 links to additional cookbooks and recipes, supplies, 
meat and egg substitutes, leather-free shoes & clothing, vegetarian restaurant 
directories, and information on being a vegetarian, including the health, 
environmental and spiritual benefits. 


         

a little book of prayers, mantras & gayatris  
a great source of nectar, this offers a variety of powerful prayers, such as for 
giving thanks, asking  for protection, seeking higher levels of guidance, or our 
need for acquiring deeper feelings of love for god. divided into 21 sections, 
these prayers also offer profound insights or windows into the spiritual 
dimension, and are thus great vehicles for our meditation on the absolute truth 
and the spiritual world. some of what is included are prayers to radha and 
krishna, the  brahma-samhita, purusha suktam, sri suktam, 
isha upanishad, nrisimha kavacha, the sri vishnu sahasranam, and 
many other mantras, gayatris and songs to the supreme, his incarnations, to 
goddess lakshmi, and others like shiva and devi and the demigods, and to the 
planets for assistance. also has the words to all the standard songs used in the 
programs of most hare krishna temples. 

       

recent archeological finds confirming vedic history   
is a project in which we list some of the most noteworthy archeological finds of 
the past few years that confirm the vedic descriptions of world history. other 
pages include new developments or research on the sarasvati river, the findings 
and history of ayodhya and the temple of lord rama, and photos of adam's bridge, 
the ancient link between ramesvaram and sri lanka. we will continue to update 
this information as new discoveries are found, or as additional news is sent in 
to us. 

        

jokes and anecdotes  
ok, so most of this web site contains material of a serious nature. so now let 
us lighten things up a bit with some laughter. sometimes this world just does 
not present enough opportunity for humor, so you have to make it when you can. 


        
how you can help 
shows the ways in which you can assist in stephen's work of preserving, 
protecting and promoting the genuine spirituality as found in the vedic 
tradition. so if you have liked and appreciated  what you see 
in this 
website, and want to help 
in how we can keep this work going, here are some things you can do.          
please spend some time here and be sure to mark this website for future 
reference and assistance. we will be adding more information and resources on a 
regular basis. it is our pleasure to serve you in this way. this is why we are 
here. 
 

about stephen knapp
        stephen has dedicated 
himself to spreading the deepest and most practical levels of spiritual 
knowledge about the soul--our real identity. it is his strongest realization 
that our existence on this earthly plane becomes much easier and more vibrant 
the more we expand our spiritual awareness to perceive the higher dimensions and 
purpose of things around us.
        though this world may 
give us numerous challenges, when we rise above the basic materialistic view and 
its limited search for solutions, our evolutionary development on all levels 
greatly accelerates. by recognizing that we are all spiritual beings who are, 
basically, attempting to achieve the same essentials for our existence--namely 
love, acceptance, harmony, peace, and happiness, not to mention the ordinary 
needs of food, water, clothing and shelter--we can reach a new level of 
cooperation with each other. then everything can be much easier for everyone. it 
is stephen's conviction that this can be attained by the distribution of genuine 
spiritual knowledge. this is one of stephen's purposes in what he does.
        it is through this 
means that we can discover who we are and get a better understanding of what is 
our position in this universe and our relationship with god. fortunately, many 
of the answers to the numerous questions in this regard have already been given, 
as seen in the ancient spiritual texts of the east. these have provided not only 
the insights but also the timeless methods for our continued spiritual 
development. stephen has studied these numerous ancient texts and practiced the 
methods prescribed therein for over 40 years. he is now presenting this 
enlightening information in a much needed, concise, and easy to read format.
        stephen knapp grew up 
in a christian family, during which time he seriously studied the bible to 
understand its teachings. in his late teenage years, however, he sought answers 
to questions not easily explained in christian theology. so, he began to search 
through other religions and philosophies from around the world and started to 
find the answers for which he was looking. he also studied a variety of occult 
sciences, ancient mythology, mysticism, yoga, and the spiritual teachings of the 
east. finally, after his first reading of the bhagavad-gita, the 
classic summary of vedic philosophy known as the song of god, he felt he 
had found the last piece of the puzzle he had been putting together through all 
of his research. this increased his understanding of everything else he had been 
studying. therefore, he continued to research all of the major vedic texts of 
india to gain a better understanding of the vedic science, until he became a 
full-fledged follower and practitioner of sanatana-dharma. now he also 
tirelessly works to protect, preserve and promote the deep spiritual knowledge 
of vedic philosophy and its traditions. since he started writing in 1986 to 
share the vedic spirituality with others, he has published over 50 books and 
numerous articles. an introduction to his research, writing 
and projects can be found at his website:


www.stephen-knapp.com  or  
http://stephenknapp.info. 
        it is known amongst 
all eastern mystics that anyone, regardless of qualifications, academic or 
otherwise, who does not engage in the spiritual practices described in the vedic 
texts, cannot actually enter into understanding the depths of the vedic 
spiritual science, nor acquire the realizations that should accompany it. so, 
rather than pursuing his research in an academic atmosphere at a university, 
stephen directly engaged in the spiritual disciplines that have been recommended 
for hundreds of years. he continued his study of vedic knowledge and spiritual 
practice under the guidance of a spiritual master, his divine grace  
a. c. bhaktivedanta swami prabhupada. through this process he was given the 
spiritual name of sri nandanandana dasa and became initiated into the genuine 
and authorized spiritual line of the brahma-madhava-gaudiya
sampradaya. this is a disciplic succession that descends back through 
sri caitanya mahaprabhu and  sri vyasadeva, 
the compiler of vedic literature, and further back to lord 
sri krishna, who originally enlightened lord brahma to help in the universal 
creation, and who again appeared on this planet 5,000 years ago in mathura, 
india to display his pastimes. 

        besides being brahminically 
initiated and being trained in temple pujas, stephen has also been to 
india numerous times and traveled extensively throughout the country, visiting 
almost every state of india and most of the major holy places and temples, and 
many minor ones, and gaining a wide variety of spiritual experiences that only 
such places can give. his knowledge of india and familiarity with traveling in 
such a diverse country has made him an advisor for those who would like 
information concerning their own journeys to india. stephen is also a free-lance 
photographer and does what he calls cultural photojournalism, capturing the 
essence of india and spiritual life in practice, which can help explain and show 
the depth of the culture, and has put together a collection of over 18,000 
slides of various places, festivals, and the people of india. he enjoys giving 
slide shows on the holy places, and mixing photos with philosophy. you can see 
samples of his photography on this website.

        stephen has been involved in temple 
management since 1975, overseeing and engaged in a number of different roles in 
the temple, whether as landlord of temple properties, management of the temple, 
being the treasurer and bill-payer, etc. he was also the inspiration behind the 
idea to develop another krishna temple in the detroit suburbs, so that more 
people could approach krishna through a local temple for those who did not want 
to drive all the way into detroit. this has developed into a successful temple 
in the town of farmington. more outreach activities in other towns have 
developed from that.

        he also told the temple sankirtan 
department, a group of devotees in detroit who did harinama sankirtana in the 
area, to develop a preaching center/temple in the ann arbor/ypsilanti area. ann 
arbor is a university town that has always been a place with a wide range of 
students from various backgrounds and a center wherein many devotees have come 
from over the years. so, a nice and permanent preaching temple was developed 
there, and has expanded to include a few more houses, a small restaurant for 
prasada distribution in the middle of ypsilanti, and a small farm with several 
cows for a place of retreat as well as gardens for a consumer supported 
agricultural project, located about a half-hour drive south.  
        stephen continues to 
travel to india on a regular basis, giving lectures on the benefits and glories 
of the vedic tradition. his life is dedicated to spreading the eternal knowledge 
of the soul, sanatana-dharma, and highlighting the vedic teachings to help 
everyone get a better understanding of themselves and bring everyone closer to 
god. he has especially focused on the sadhana
of bhakti-yoga and mantra-yoga to purify the mind and 
consciousness, and awake one's love for the supreme being.
        stephen is also the 
founder of the  world relief network. its 
goal is to help relieve the sorrow, suffering and confusion on the planet by the 
dissemination of genuine spiritual knowledge and the means for individual and 
social enlightenment, and to work with others who feel the same. many of his 
books are published through the world relief network.
       stephen is also the past 
president of the vedic friends association for fifteen years, since before it 
was incorporated in 2002. he helped form its visionary purpose, oversaw and 
published its monthly newsletter, developed its website, helped attract members, 
and helped develop its direction and means of sharing the universal vedic dharma 
with students who were interested, and to connect with other scholars, writers, 
and lecturers who were involved and already working to help spread the profound 
nature of the vedic knowledge.  
         
stephen has written over 50 books on various aspects of the spiritual tradition 
and history of india, including:
1. "the secret 
teachings of the vedas,"

2. "the universal 
path to enlightenment," 
3. "the vedic 
prophecies: a new look into the future," and 
4. "how the universe 
was created and our purpose in it," 
5. "toward world 
peace: seeing the unity between us all," 

6. "the key to real 
happiness," 
7. "proof of vedic 
culture's global existence," 
8. "facing death: 
welcoming the afterlife," 
9. "reincarnation and 
karma: how they really affect us", 
10. "the heart of 
hinduism: the eastern path to freedom, empowerment and illumination," 
11. "the power of the 
dharma: an introduction to hinduism and vedic culture," 
12. "the eleventh 
commandment: the next step for social spiritual development," 
13. "seeing spiritual 
india" a guide to temples, holy sites, festivals and traditions," 
14. "crimes against 
india: and the need to protect its ancient vedic traditions," 
15. "destined for 
infinity," a spiritual adventure into the heart of the vision of the sages,
16. "yoga and 
meditation: their real purpose and how to get started,"
17. "avatars, gods 
and goddesses of vedic culture: understanding the characteristics, powers and 
positions of the hindu divinities,"
18. "the soul: 
understanding our real identity,"
19. "vedic culture: 
the difference it can make in your life," editor with many notable authors, 
20. "prayers, mantras 
and gayatris: a collection for insights, protection, spiritual growth, and many 
other blessings,"
21. "krishna deities and 
their miracles: how the images of lord krishna interact with their devotees,"
22. "defending vedic 
dharma: tackling the issues to make a difference," 
23. "advancements of 
ancient india's vedic culture,"  
24. "spreading vedic 
traditions through temples," 
25. "the bhakti-yoga 
handbook," 
26. "lord krishna and 
his essential teachings," 
27. "mysteries of the 
ancient vedic empire," 
28. "casteism in india,"
29. "ancient history of 
vedic culture," 
30. "a complete review 
of the vedic literature," 
31. "bhakti-yoga: the 
easy path of devotional yoga," 
32. "the power of the 
maha-mantra."
33. "the power of bhagavad-gita."
34. "the power of the 
ramayana."
35. "the power of sri 
sri radha kunjabihari."
36. "seeing spiritual 
india: photos of the temples and holy sights of northern india,"
37. "seeing spiritual 
india: photographs of temples and culture of south india,"
38. "seeing spiritual 
india: photographs of temples and culture of west india,"
39. "seeing spiritual 
india: photographs of temples and culture of east india,"
40. "the glories of his 
divine grace srila a. c. bhaktivedanta swami prabhupada"
41. "the taj mahal: it's 
alternative history as a vedic temple," 
42. "memories of 
vrindavana the land of krishna: photographs of many of its holy sights," 
43. "some of the great 
vaishnava saints and sages of india," along with 
over a dozen additional ebooks and booklets on this website and amazon. 
 
        stephen has put the 
culmination of over forty years of continuous research, sadhana practice and 
travel experience into his books in an 
effort to share it with those who are also looking for higher levels of 
spiritual understanding. full descriptions of all of his books, plus numerous 
articles he has written, and many more resources can be found here on his 
website. more books are forthcoming, so check back to his website for any new 
developments.
        stephen also worked 
in home health care for a few years and has experience in assisting with those 
who are departing from this world through the dying process. he has also 
counseled people in their loss of friends and relatives to help them understand 
that death is not a tragedy but only a process that can help us reach our 
destiny. with his insights and philosophical background, he has the 
qualifications and understanding to provide a most unique and uplifting view of 
the natural transition called death and how it can be used for our benefit. for 
this reason he has written his book, "facing death: welcoming the afterlife" 
to help others understand how to cope with death.
        stephen continues to 
travel to india on a regular basis, and also gives lectures on the benefits and glories 
of the vedic tradition. he was a lecturer at the global dharma conference in 
edison, new jersey in 2003, and has given lectures for other vedic or hindu 
student college organizations, as well as at hss camps, vhpa camps, the hindu 
mandir executive conferences, the waves conference in houston in 2006 & 2011, 
hindu heritage day in cincinnati in october of 2005, and in temples or personal 
home gatherings and gita groups. he was also one of the lecturers at the 17th 
telegu association of north america conference in 2009, for which he received an 
award for "significant contributions to spirituality and hinduism," and also 
gave the keynote lecture at the hindu unity day festival in new york in july, 
2011. 
        he has also traveled 
on lecture tours through northeast india a few times to enthuse people to follow 
their indigenous traditions, as organized by the vivekananda kendra and the kalyan ashrama (articles describing them are on his website). he has also been 
very well received on lecture tours that he has gone on through central india to 
give talks at schools and colleges, as well as intellectual groups such as 
branches of the bharatiya prajna about the profound nature of vedic culture. he 
has also spoken by invitation in front of 25,000 people at madison square garden 
in new york city at a gathering of the swadyaya movement in 2004, and at 
numerous other events. he also completed a lecture tour of india in 2009 in 
which he gave more than 90 lectures at more than 76 different colleges, 
universities and institutions through mumbai, pune, bangalore, coimbatore, and 
goa, reaching over 10,000 students and personnel. [for a list of some of the 
institutions covered, please see his cv, accessible through the link below.]
        he continues to speak 
on television and radio shows, and give presentations at conferences where 
invited. those who are interested can contact him for scheduling arrangements. 
he also enjoys showing selections from the more than 18,000 slides that he has 
of his travels throughout india and the many historical and spiritual sites in 
india and nepal, or the amazing festivals he has attended, such as the kumbha 
mela or the ratha yatra in jagannatha puri. 
      for a complete cv of stephen knapp, 
click here.  
        
for a few letters and awards of appreciation for lectures given 
and the work stephen has done for sanatana-dharma,


 
click here.   
     
for photos of stephen 
while lecturing click here.


         stephen is shown below during 
his travels at one of the five small stone temples called the five rathas at 
mahabalipuram, now known as mamallapuram, in southern india.

   

below, stephen on one of his many lecture tours across india after speaking at 
the vivekananda school in warangal.



 

stephen speaking at the virasimhasana mahasamsthana math south of mysore, with 
sri sri sri shivarathri deshakendra swami



 

speaking at the hindu unity day festival at the hindu temple in flushing, new 
york 



 

stephen, third from the left, as one of the invited guest speakers at the hindu 
unity day event in flushing, new york.



 

below: stephen is shown in traditional indian clothes of dhoti and kurta, standing on the stairway that leads up to the ancient narasimha 
temple in melkote, south india. the narasimha deity there is said to have been 
installed by lord narasimha's most elevated devotee, prahlada maharaja himself. 
a photo of this deity can be viewed here.



 

below: stephen is shown visiting the temples in bangkok, thailand



 

standing behind a rack of his books at a rathayatra festival in novi, michigan.



 

stephen (sri nandanandana dasa) in the center with the gang of friendly devotees 
at devasadan mandir in detroit.


       


															a few of the awards 
															stephen has received 
															over the years 
															include from 
															sewa international 
															for the dedication 
															to 

															preserve, promote 
															and perpetuate vedic 
															sanatan dharma in 
															2016.
															 

award  


															for selfless 
															support and 
															contributions to the 
															hindu community 
															and the indian 
															diaspora, presented at the 
															hindu mandir 
															empowerment council 
															(hmec) september 29, 
															2024.
															 

award 
															of lifetime 
															contributions from 
															the vishwa hindu 
															parishad of america  
															(vhpa) on october 6, 
															2024.
these 
															awards were for: 

1. 
															practically 50 years 
															of temple management 
															at various krishna 
															temples, including 
															being temple 
															treasurer, 
															accountant, manager, 
															landlord, and priest 
															or pujari service, 
															and now chairman of 
															the board at the 
															detroit krishna 
															temple in the 
															mission of srila 
															prabhupada.
2. 
															writing over 50 
															books to help 
															present and spread 
															the understanding of 
															vedic spirituality 
															and history of india 
															to people around the 
															world.

															3. having written 
															hundreds of articles 
															on india's vedic 
															tradition.

															4. having gone on 
															several extensive 
															lecture tours across 
															various parts of 
															india, including two 
															of india's northeast 
															region, to speak 
															about applying the 
															vedic traditions to 
															one's life at 
															numerous colleges, 
															universities and 
															corporations, as 
															organized by the rss, 
															vhp, vivekananda 
															kendra, kalyana 
															ashrama, and iskcon, 
															and on how to 
															preserve and protect 
															the vedic culture of 
															india.
5. 
															having attended and 
															spoken at numerous 
															conferences both 
															here in america and 
															in india and 
															elsewhere about the 
															vedic culture and 
															its traditions.

															6. and for other 
															things like being 
															the past president 
															of the vedic friends 
															association for 15 
															years.
															 
					   one award is a plaque from the hindu mandir executives' 
					conference for the years of contributions to the temples and 
					devotees, and selfless lifelong service with the spirit of 
					true dedication and love for hindu dharma, and in my case 
					the krishna temples i have helped manage for the past 50 
					years.
					    another award is in glass from the vishwa hindu 
					parishad of america for a lifetime contribution of 
					outstanding dedication, leadership, and invaluable 
					contributions to the global hindu society with vision, 
					commitment and passion which has inspired many devotees and 
					hindus around the world. 

					    these awards are a special honor for me since the vhpa 
					has so many dynamic personalities engaged in their work, 
					that i am honored to be considered among them. as a disciple 
					of srila prabhupada, i have nonetheless worked with many 
					organizations throughout the world to help protect, 
					preserve, promote and perpetuate the vedic tradition and its 
					spiritual path, and not everyone is aware of all the ways i 
					have worked to do this. so it is especially nice to be 
					recognized in this way. thank you very much to everyone who 
					has helped me along the way.  


															 

															                                        
															                                       
															
															 
															 
															 i  
hope that this site and the information and books found here can be or have been 
of help to you. check back since we are always adding new items to this site. 
thank you for any support or encouragement. helping people on their spiritual 
path is why we are here. 

[the books by stephen knapp] [book reviews] [the world relief network] [articles to read] [seeing spiritual india] [introductory and travel videos] [a little book of prayers mantras & gayatris] [krishna darshan art gallery] [vegetarian recipes and resources] [stay in touch with us] [jokes and anecdotes] [how you can help]

