


  



washington state pta






















































close



wspta login

username


password

 remember me











wspta

menu








join now
blog
feedback
login















membership





why pta?

start a ptavalue of ptamembership benefits 
 


membership tools and resources

givebacks faqsmembership resources 
 


celebrating membership

membership awards 
 


join pta

become a membersupporting membershipjoin a chartering ptastart a pta 
 
 

advocacy

focus on advocacyresolutionslegislative principlessubmissionsfederal legislationaction alertsadvocacy in actionresources
pta leaders





pta regions

region 1region 2region 3region 4region 5region 6region 7region 8region 9region 10region 11region 12 
 


governanceleader resources

leadership guidespta logos 
 


marketplace 


wspta election information 
 

programs





student programs

reflections

resources for pta leaders 
essay contestwspta scholarship 
 


family engagement

healthy mindspta connectedhealthy lifestylesfamily readingstem+familiestake your family to school weekteacher appreciation week 
 


awards

leadership service awardlocal pta and council volunteer recognitionawards of excellencestate level recognitionsnational pta school of excellencenational pta grants and awards opportunities 
 
 

family engagement





family and community engagement

what is family and commnuity engagement?diversity, equity and inclusion (dei) 
 


special education

acronymslist of active wspta special education ptasnational pta resource pagefederal laws concerning special educationrecharge room considerationsresourcessample accommodations checklist 
 


student success

how to support learninggrade level guidescollege and career readinessmental health resourcesstudent helpstudent safety 
 
 

events





calendars & planning

events calendarmulticultural calendar 2024-2025calendario multicultural 2024-2025venue checklist 
 


leadership development

training 
 


convention and annual meeting

convention – hotel accommodationsexhibitors 
 


statewide events

legislative assemblyfocus dayaugust leadership launch 
 
 

about us





about wspta

vision, mission, and valueswspta historypast president gallerydei within wspta 
 


support wspta

volunteerdonatejoinsponsorvendor marketplacemember benefits 
 


contact us

board of directorscommitteesour regions and councils 
 


latest news

news releases and statements 
 
 













learn how you can help with our advocacy efforts
support our top 5 issues







nominations due march 13
nominate someone today







visit the governance page 
click here











family engagement
well-informed, engaged parents make a difference for student success in school and beyond. at its heart, pta is about connections and working together to support the health, well-being, and educational needs of all students. 
learn more.


membership discounts
wspta teams up with businesses and associations that align with wspta’s mission and vision to serve the whole child by offering members special discounts. all washington state pta members can save money through these discounts.
learn more.


advocacy
wspta is the oldest and the largest nonprofit grassroots children’s advocacy association in washington state.  together we can strengthen our voice to improve the quality of our children’s health, welfare, safety, and education.
learn more.








every child’s potential becomes a reality
get involved - help make it happen









upcoming events



feb
19

building your budget and creating a narrative
are you starting to plan your budget for the coming year? join us as we answer your budget questions and talk about how to build a budget narrative to increase your members’ understading of your finances.
view event details



feb
20

finding future leaders – nominating committee
this presentation will help participants understand the importance of the nominating committee, how to elect them, and methods of organization so they have the tools to help them recruit qualified candidates for the positions. register below.
view event details



feb
25

leading from where you are (class 1 of 3)
we’re excited to present the first of an interactive three-part leadership workshop series. join us as we start the workshops with an overview recognizing different styles of leadership as well as beginning discussions on the types of issues a leader may need to address. the following sessions on march 18th…
view event details

view all events




latest news


week six: make way for focus day!
by marie sullivan, legconsultant@wastatepta.org click here to view the comprehensive week 6 bill tracker. more than 280 people have registered for washington state pta’s focus day in olympia, and the capital will be a crowded place, with many rallies and protests taking place on the capitol…
read more


wspta testifies: fully fund special education and student transportation
advocacy in action! president angela steck testified in favor of ssb 5263, a bipartisan bill that would increase funding for special education services. angela also asked for funding to support inclusionary practices and a study that would identify how other states fund programs to support students with disabilities. listen…
read more


week 4 is done, two weeks to go for policy cutoff
by marie sullivan, legconsultant@wastatepta.org click here to view our comprehensive week 5 bill tracker we are one month into the 105-day session and policy committees are really digging into hearings and voting on the bills in their committees before the first deadline for bills to remain…
read more

view all news







wspta sponsors


 
 









wspta
949 market st, suite 550
tacoma, washington 98402-3617
253-214-7410
contact us





membership
advocacy
pta leaders
programs
family engagement
events
about us





quick links

shop the pta store
volunteer





stay connected

											facebook
										

											twitter
										

											youtube
										









wspta board login
membership database
																		© 2025 washington state pta   |  
												privacy policy  |  
												site design & development by sitecrafting



 









 




