






restaurant & local watering hole – lincoln, ne – restaurant & local watering hole – lincoln, ne

























toastrestaurant & local watering hole - lincoln, neemailfacebook
home
our story

our history
news


menu

feature menu


brunch menu
contact
gift cards
come work at toast!
order online
contact us570 fallbrook blvd #105
lincoln, ne 68521
402-261-8859
 contact us

hoursmonday thru friday 11:00 am-9:00 pm
saturday & sunday 10:00 am-9:00 pm
 order online

news & reviewscheck out what those around town are saying about toast!
come in and try us today! read more

are you ready to #gettoasty with us?

toast is open! our bar, dining rooms & patios are open but you can still call in & make online orders.
we cannot wait see you and safely serve some of your toast favorites that you’ve been missing. click here to view the menu – and order online now!
continue to keep an eye on our  facebook page for any further schedule or local delivery updates.
we are so excited to serve our community – come see us or order curbside online today!
filed under: gettoasty welcome
welcome to toast, your neighborhood restaurant and local watering hole. inspired by the time-honored european cafe bar, toast is a highly caffeinated hybrid that combines perfectly poured premium ales, a first class selection of fine wine and aged spirits while offering a classic delicatessen. for any questions or comments please feel free to call us at 402-261-8859.
filed under: gettoasty want to work here?
we are always seeking exceptional individuals to work in our fun-loving business. if you are creative, energetic and highly motivated and ready for a job that rewards hard work, then toast is for you! please click here to apply online today!

filed under: gettoasty  check out our menu

click here to view the toast menu or click here for the weekend brunch menu.
be sure to check out our new feature menu with rotating new flavors!
 call us at 402-261-8859 with any questions.
order online now!

 need directions?
click the map below for detailed directions to toast! see you there!


 love toast?
then be sure to visit leadbelly! located in lincoln's booming haymarket neighborhood. enjoy a contemporary culinary twist on the traditional bar and grill. using the freshest ingredients, leadbelly offers outstanding casual contemporary american pub fare. click here to check out the menu or for more information.

toast copyright © 2025 · designed by right eye digital · log in
