






the mountain times | your guide to vermont news, events, and culture













































































 skip to main content
skip to footer
newslocal newskillington forwardarts, dining & entertainmentstate newsopinionscolumnseventsweekly calendarlive musicsignature eventshoroscopese-editionsclassifiedsadvertiseabout uscontact ussearch for:featuredthe state of real estatefebruary 12, 2025 ⦁ by katy savage in featured, lifestyle, local news, real estate guides, real estate/rentals  by katy savage   the local housing market picked up considerably after a slow start to 2024. limited inventory remained a major driving factor with the total number of units sold up slightly by 1.9% across rutland county and slightly down in the upper valley -3.5%, according to a regional analysis by sotheby’s international realty.…related topicreal estate guides, real estate/rentalsfeatureda vision in the clouds: scandinavian-inspired luxury living at 2,400 feetfebruary 12, 2025 ⦁ by james kent in featured, featured publications, killington, lifestyle, local news, real estate guides, real estate/rentalsby james kent at one of the highest buildable elevations in killington, a new vision for mountain living is taking shape. this two-home compound offers a rare blend of modern scandinavian design, cutting-edge energy efficiency, and breathtaking panoramic views. envisioned by architect and developer erik rhoden, this project brings nordic craftsmanship and innovation to vermont’s…related topicreal estate guides, real estate/rentalsfeaturedfeds pause killington’s $25m raise grantfebruary 12, 2025 ⦁ by polly in featured, killington, killington forward development, local newsby polly mikula killington was awarded a $25 million federal raise grant  with an additional $1 million local match to reconstruct killington road but those funds are now suspended per president trump’s executive order to pause all funding for programs that include dei (diversity, equity, and inclusion), killington town planner lisa davis lewis told the…related topickillington forward developmentfeaturedstate’s education transformation proposal, including a school choice lottery for all, is met with mixed reviewsfebruary 12, 2025 ⦁ by polly in featured, state newsby polly mikula gov. phil scott’s education proposal would allow every student to opt into a school choice lottery system within their regional school district.  testimony from education secretary zoie saunders in the house education committee, thursday, feb. 6, was the first public explanation of how school choice would work in scott’s “transformation” plan. “it’s very provocative,”…featuredkillington voters will be asked to pass bond bringing municipal water through townfebruary 12, 2025 ⦁ by polly in featured, killington, local newsby polly mikula killington voters will be asked to pass a $11.2 million bond for the final segments of the planned municipal water system, contracts 5-7, at town meeting day, march 4.  this bond, article 4 on the ballot, must pass for the town to complete the municipal water system down killington road to service…
top storiesthe state of real estatea vision in the clouds: scandinavian-inspired luxury living at 2,400 feetfeds pause killington’s $25m raise grantstate’s education transformation proposal, including a school choice lottery for all, is met with mixed reviewskillington voters will be asked to pass bond bringing municipal water through townsee all news






local newsreal estate guides, real estate/rentalsthe state of real estatefebruary 12, 2025  by katy savage   the local housing market picked up considerably after a slow start to 2024. limited inventory remained a major driving factor with the total number of units sold up slightly by 1.9% across rutland county and slightly down in the upper valley -3.5%, according to a regional analysis by sotheby’s international realty.…real estate/rentalsmountain green condos $48m renovations is underwayfebruary 12, 2025by polly mikula mountain green condominium association, a 45-year-old, 215-unit association with a restaurant, spa, gym and two pools located across from snowshed lodge on east mountain road, is embarking on a $48 million renovation.  the renovations, under dew construction corporation, will take about 2 1/2 years to complete. work began in 2023 and is…real estate/rentalslocal furniture company is the go-to for high-end finishes in model homesfebruary 12, 2025by polly mikula steve malone, developer of the new base camp at bear mountain townhomes, says all his model homes are decorated by pompanoosuc mills furniture, (a.k.a. “pompy”) based in thetford, vermont. “it’s delux, vermont-made furniture and a wonderful local company,” malone said. “i’ve used pompy for all of my model homes and many owners…real estate/rentalsbase camp at bear mountain plans to begin vertical construction this fallfebruary 12, 2025by polly mikula twenty-four 4-bedroom, 4-bath duplex townhouses with attached 2-car garages are underway at bear mountain in killington. all of the townhomes will have ski-in ski-out access on the bear cub trail. site clearing for the new slope side duplex development at killington resort’s bear mountain began this past october and will resume with…real estate/rentalsfrom adams to emrose: vacation site in brandon gets a big makeoverfebruary 12, 2025by steven jupiter editor’s note: this story was originally published in the reporter, based in brandon. jupiter is the editor of that publication. for the better part of the past year, everyone driving down route 7 south of brandon village has wondered about the transformation of the old adams cabin resort—most recently known as the…see all local newsopinions/columnslettersno on proposed cell towerfebruary 12, 2025dear editor, we are writing in stark dissent of the proposed cell tower in hartland four corners. our dissension is based on several critical factors: illegalityaccording to local ordinances, no construction shall surpass tree height, yet the proposed tower of 170+ feet far exceeds the height of any local flora. health risksaccording to the american…letterstrust in government officials through ethics standards – vermont act 171february 12, 2025dear editor, act 171 has opened a door for killington to strengthen trust between town officials and the community they serve. for seven years i was a law enforcement officer in the city of alexandria, virginia, a stone’s throw south of washington, d.c. the profession comes with a heightened level of community trust, and to…editorialswhy chaos and scapegoating work for trumpfebruary 12, 2025by angelo lynn editor’s note: angelo lynn is the publisher of the addison independent, a sister paper of the mountain times. as the nation’s increasingly discredited president continues to sow chaos at every level — domestic and international — it helps to understand what we can of his tactics. a recent piece by jess bidgood,…commentariesmedical debt relief is a direct investment in vermontersfebruary 5, 2025by vermont treasurer mike pieciak as vermont’s treasurer, i am committed to making investments that lower costs, strengthen our economy, and support healthier communities. i believe every vermonter deserves a fair shot at success, regardless of the situation they are born into. yet, for too many vermonters, the cost of health care stands in the…tariffsfebruary 5, 2025president trump’s warning of tariffs on neighboring countries, mexico and canada, and critical trading partner china got off to a false start on monday, feb. 3, with the current administration putting the plan on hold after conversations with mexico and canada. a trade war is already brewing with china, who countered with tariffs on u.s.…see all opinionstop eventsthere are no upcoming events yet.see all top eventsweekly calendarsee live musicmountain times newsletterreceive the weekly newsletter, which also includes top trending stories and what all the locals are talking about!subscribe nowe-editionsnewspapermagazine 
e-edition years
select contentselect20252024202320212011 
newspapermountain times – vol. 53, no. 7 – feb. 12-18, 2025february 12, 2025view onlinedownloadnewspapermountain times – vol. 53, no. 6 – feb. 5-11, 2025february 5, 2025view onlinedownloadnewspaperclaws 5: the meow-trixfebruary 5, 2025view onlinedownload 
e-edition years
select contentselect20252024202320222019 
cover
magazinereal estate guide winter 2025february 13, 2025view onlinedownloadmagazineclaws: the paw also risesjanuary 29, 2025view onlinedownloadmagazinemountain times — world cup — 2024november 8, 2024view onlinedownloadsee all e-editionsstate newsvermont state university’s construction management program gains industry recognition, addresses workforce shortagesfebruary 12, 2025vermont state university’s (vtsu) construction management program is making strides in addressing vermont’s skilled labor shortage while achieving national recognition with a new accreditation. the program, which prepares students for high-demand careers in construction, has earned accreditation from the applied and natural sciences accreditation commission of abet, affirming its commitment to excellence in industry-recognized education.…phil scott outlines proposal for making it ‘faster, easier and less expensive’ to build housing february 12, 2025by carly berlin/vtdigger editor’s note: this story, by report for america corps member carly berlin, was produced through a partnership between vtdigger and vermont public. during the first days of his fifth term in office, gov. phil scott emphasized a familiar priority: create more housing across vermont. at a press conference at the statehouse jan. 21, members of…message deliveredfebruary 12, 2025late last week, house republicans banded together to vote against the annual midyear budget adjustment act. the baa, often a noncontroversial shifting of state funds between various accounts to address changes in budget actuals, included several policy issues that proved problematic for republicans. extending the winter rules for vermont’s hotel assistance program to june 30…legislative update: looking aheadfebruary 12, 2025many of you have been in touch about the unprecedented actions being taken by our new president and those he has deputized. in addition to the scores of emails i’ve had from constituents, montpelier was the focus of a huge demonstration on wednesday, feb. 5, protesting the actions taken by the trump administration targeting usaid,…state’s education transformation proposal, including a school choice lottery for all, is met with mixed reviewsfebruary 12, 2025by polly mikula gov. phil scott’s education proposal would allow every student to opt into a school choice lottery system within their regional school district.  testimony from education secretary zoie saunders in the house education committee, thursday, feb. 6, was the first public explanation of how school choice would work in scott’s “transformation” plan. “it’s very provocative,”…see all state newsarts & entertainmentmusic scenean evening filled with plenty of atmospherefebruary 12, 2025last tuesday, feb. 4, atmosphere brought their “imagine the fun tour” with sage francis and mr. dibbs to the pickle barrel nightclub. you don’t see many tuesday night concerts at the pickle, but what you did see was a sold-out crowd. the place was packed with locals, tourists, and people you haven’t seen at the…music scenenoam pikelny and friends bring world-class talent to the stagefebruary 12, 2025editor's note: correction: in the feb. 5 print edition of the mountain times we listed this show as cancelled. this was an error on our part. this show will go on as scheduled. we apologize for any confusion. friday, march 28 at 7:30 p.m.—rutland—acclaimed banjo virtuoso noam pikelny will take the stage for an evening…barnarts reimagines ‘antigone’ with a playful approachfebruary 12, 2025friday, feb. 14 through sunday, feb. 23—barnard —barnarts launches its 2025 season with a bold new production of “antigone,” running feb. 14-15 & 20-22 at 7:30 p.m. and feb. 16 & 23 at 2 p.m. at barnard town hall. this reimagined take on sophokles’ classic tragedy, translated by poet anne carson, blends humor, music, and…signature eventswhite river indie film festival 2025 explores love, activism, and global cinema with a lineup of stories that inspire, challenge, and connectfebruary 12, 2025thursday, feb. 13 through sunday, feb. 16.—white river junction—the white river indie film festival (wrif) returns to the upper valley, bringing an electrifying selection of global indie films, compelling documentaries, and locally produced works. hosted at jam – junction arts & media and the briggs opera house, this year’s festival carries the theme “hand over…signature eventsrutland winterfest returns, even biggerfebruary 12, 2025by adam davis rutland winterfest will be kicking off its 23rd straight year with a large number of new events in downtown rutland starting friday, feb. 14 with events held daily through saturday, feb. 22. there’s truly something for everyone at this year’s winterfest, as there are now over 40 free and low cost events…see all arts & entertainmentsignature eventswhite river indie film festival 2025 explores love, activism, and global cinema with a lineup of stories that inspire, challenge, and connectfebruary 12, 2025rutland winterfest returns, even biggerfebruary 12, 2025mini shred madness venue change to killingtonjanuary 2, 2025see all postsdonate to mountain timesmake a one-time or monthly donation to mountain times via paypal giving fund.donate today






horoscopescosmic catalogueby cassandra tyndallwhat’s your sign? get your horoscope via email.see all horoscopesbrowse top topicsarts, dining & entertainmentlocal newscolumnsopinionsfeaturedstate newssportsuncategorizedkillingtonprevious edition archivelifestylehoroscopesfeatured publicationstop eventsvisit our location5465 u.s. 4killington, vt 05751call us today(802) 422-2399send us messageeditor@mountaintimes.infosend us mailpo box 183killington, vt 05751newslocal newsstate newsdiscovercommunity calendarhoroscopese-editionsadvertiseclassifiedsaboutwho we arecontact usadvertisemountain times newslettersign up to receive the weekly newsletter, which also includes top trending stories and what all the locals are talking about!
subscription form 


                    contact                






      
©  the mountain times, outer limits publishing llc. all rights reserved.•privacy policywebsite by: group6





































