




welcome to cheyenne arabians ranch - san diego area horse riding, kids pony rides, birthday pony parties, horseback riding lessons







































welcome





horse lovers!




















					welcome to 
					our website is best viewed with the flash player plugin.
click here to get flash!
					or scroll down the page to enter our website. 














































home
contact
search















 home
 training
 lessons
 boarding
 for sale
 pony rides
 birthday parties
 breeding stallions
cheyenne's tea house



























main menus
 








 






 home
 horse water purification
 birthday parties
 pony rides
 horse training
 riding lessons
 horses for sale
 horse boarding
 breeding stallions
 birthday party testimonials
 birthday party reservations
 pony ride reservations
 contact us
cheyenne's tea house

















 
 







 










birthdaynews 
 








 


pony ride birthday parties, san diego california
horse themed birthday parties check date availability 
here <cheyenne arabians pony birthday parties>
 











 
 







 










boardingnews
 








 


horse boarding, san diego county california
pasture and corral horse boarding now available 
learn more here......











 
 







 










products we use
 








 


water filters & more
 


raindance water systems offers a complete line of 
	well water filters. water softeners, and reverse osmosis purification 
	systems for your home, business, ranch and farm. visit them @ 



www.raindancewatersystems.com  



green eco-friendly whole house water filtration, 
	conditioning, & purification systems visit: 
	www.southwestwatertreatment.com 
	




one stop residential & commercial water treatment for san diego, 
	los angeles and all of southern california @ 


www.raindanceh2o.com 



cheyenne's tea house  
- 

your source for premium 
	gift baskets, honey, green tea, black tea, white tea, herbal tea, oolong 
	tea, and rooibos loose leaf tea blends from the world over. 
	online ordering @  
 
www.cheyennesteahouse.com 
	

  


	 raindance h2o store
	 

	 - 

enter the mobile friendly raindance h2o store 
featuring whole house water purification system 
	and portable livestock, horses, pets, and agriculture water filtration 
	products. 
	www.raindanceh2ostore.com     

	would you like to add your business to our website ?
	
contact us










 
 







 
 






 













welcome 
                        to cheyenne arabians / questions? email: 
 
						ponyrides@californiamail.com 
 








 



 

 
san diego's choice for 
pony rides, birthday parties

horse sales, horseback riding lessons - 
all ages welcome!

we provide pony rides & 
pony birthday parties exclusively at our ranch.
 



	 

 visiting san diego or live 
	in the san diego area? create quality time with 
	your kids:

 ask about our 
	mommy & me and 
	daddy & me pony ride 
	with farm animal tour specials - 
	email: ponyrides@californiamail.com 

	 








	 

we love pets but please leave 
	yours at home 

	 




	 

 

family 
	fun at the ranch!

	 


 






the ranch: 



	 


	welcome to cheyenne arabians pony ride fun farm, where fun is for the whole family. we 
	are located in beautiful ramona, california within the san diego county 
	limits, approximately 40 miles from downtown san diego. we provide 
	a quiet atmosphere where you can relax and enjoy a birthday, 
	pony ride, or a 
	riding lesson at 
	the farm. family owned and operated, we offer a truly unique experience for 
	people of all ages to enjoy horses and the simplicity of farm life. our 
	ranch does not take walk-ins, so you don't have to worry about distractions 
	or interruptions while you and the kids make the most out of your time spent 
	here. take a step back in time to the old west and become a cowboy or 
	cowgirl at cheyenne arabians! 






 
 






birthday parties: 



	 


themed or non-themed birthday 
	parties at the ranch - make a child's dream come true with a birthday 
	party they'll remember for years to come! enjoy our quiet family farm all to 
	yourselves and we'll work together to make this an event everyone will 
	remember. our birthday party festivities include a small playground for the 
	kids, picnic tables and canopies to accommodate all your guests, an hour's 
	worth of pony rides, and plenty of extra time for more entertainment! we 
	also offer a special petting zoo and bouncy houses for additional family 
	fun. everyone leaves a cheyenne arabians birthday party with a smile on 
	their face! 


click here for available dates







 
 






pony rides: 



	 


	just want to come out for a pony ride? we offer 10 & 30 minute pony rides 
	for all ages! all of our 
	ponies are calm, quiet, and well maintained. our rides are all hand-led with 
	personable, friendly leaders to ensure the most safe and fun rides possible. 
	this is the perfect way to introduce your little ones to the world of 
	horseback riding and an affordable option for those that don't have the 
	space or time for mobile services or lessons. we offer pony rides to all 
	ages, with special mommy & me and daddy & me riding packages and new! 
	unicorn rides for the especially magical memories. just put on your cowboy boots and come out and ride!


click here for pony ride availability.
 


 


 
 






petting zoo: 



	 

available option with birthday packages only: 
	kids and adults alike are welcome to enjoy our 
	birthday 
	petting zoo and interact with our cute, friendly animals.
	every animal in our zoo is our personal pet and 
	is treated like a family member. they aren't rotated out when they grow out 
	of the cute baby stage and will continue to be loved on by kids for as long 
	as they live. they are truly kid-tested, mother-approved! ask us how you can add this family fun option at a special add-on 
	price: contact us  

	 

	 

	 

	 


	 





 
 






jumbo jump: 



	 

available option with birthday packages only: 
	add a jumbo jump bounce house to any birthday 
	party package for even more fun at the ranch! -  ask us how you can add this fun option at a special add-on 
	price. contact us 

	 

	 

	 

	 


	 





 
 






horseback riding lessons: 



	 


	we offer western, pleasure, english and dressage
	riding lesson. we have many different 
	levels of riders and instruct on every detail of grooming, saddling, 
	bridling and riding. if you are interested in taking riding lessons, please 
	fill out our contact form and we will contact you 
	to set up a date and time. kids 5 years and older as well as adults are 
	welcome. contact us today!    


	 





 
 






horses for sale: 



	 


	whether you need a horse for trail riding, western pleasure, jumping, english, 
	barrel racing, showing or just purchasing a miniature horse or pony for the 
	family we have the horse you are looking for. 
	please contact us for available horses for sale.  
	 


	 





 
 






pony ride reservations: 



	 

pony rides for all ages - kids & adults - mommy 
	& me specials - daddy & me specials. pony rides are by appointment only.  

 

	 

	 


	 





 
 






birthday party reservations: 



	 

set the date! dates book fast -  check 
	availability and reserve your birthday party date in advance  

	 

	 


	 





 
 






animal planet "that's my baby": 



	 

our ranch and animals were featured on the very 
	popular animal planet show "that's my baby". watch a segment of this very 
	family friendly episode featuring cheyenne, piglet, and gypsy and then come 
	out to the ranch to see them all grown up! 

click on this link to view "gypsy the miniature 
	horse" video:  http://vimeo.com/9925854


 

	 


	 





 
 






portable equine & livestock water 
	purification:  



	 


	travel with the best mobile equine water filtration system that we have to 
	offer. raindance water systems provides fresh, filtered drinking water to 
	horses, cattle, sheep, goats, poultry, and agricultural growers at home or 
	on the road. our system reduces salts, nitrates, iron, fluoride, hard water, 
	bacteria, viruses, and organic compounds such as pesticides, herbicides, 
	insecticides, and more. whether you're at a horse show, livestock event, 
	rodeo, or just camping with your horse, you'll feel safe knowing they have fresh 
	water with a taste they'll love! mention cheyenne arabians for special 
	discount offers! email a livestock/equine water filtration 
	representative: cheyennearabian@yahoo.com





 


 


 


all ages welcome 
 






	cheyenne arabians 
	 

	 

location: ramona, california 92065

phone: (760) 788- 3780

reservation & appointments use our
	contact form

general questions: email:cheyennearabian@yahoo.com

horseback riding lessons email:
	
	ponyrides@californiamail.comwebsite: 
	www.cheyennearabians.com    

	 













 







 





 






water quality: 



	 


	raindance water systems has provided our ranch and animals with 
	state-of-the-art well water filtration equipment for many years. 
	if your home, business, farm, or ranch requires reliable water quality 
	products contact 
	raindance water systems today!

	 

	 

	 






 



 




						san diego pony rides 
						/ 

						san diego birthday parities 
						/ 

						san diego jumbo jumps 
						/ 

						san diego horseback riding 
						/ pony 
						rides for birthday parties san diego
 
 








 
 






			
 





 






 
 







 





















copyright 1998.cheyenne arabians & miniatures all rights reserved.


home | 
training | 
lessons | 
sales | 
boarding | 
pony rides | 
birthday parties |
sitemap |
contact |















