     ford dealership el cajon ca |	la mesa | san diego                            
                                           el cajon ford        sales 619-493-4787    service 619-312-4297         1595 e mainel cajon, ca 92021                                           service        map        contact                      el cajon ford            call 619-493-4787   directions                       new   new vehicles   model showroom   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   order your new ford   shop trucks   shop suvs   shop cars   2024 ford f-150   2025 ford maverick   research new ford cars   roush vehicles   2024 ford e-transit   f-150 lightning   2025 ford maverick coming soon   research ford electric cars     electric   electric vehicle lifestyle   research ford electric vehicles   mustang mach e   2023 ford f-150 lightning   2024 ford e-transit     used   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 20k   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   kbb instant cash offer   research used models     commercial   commercial   new work trucks   used work trucks   f-250   f-350   f-450   f-550   f-650   transit connect vans   transit vans     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   ford regional incentives   military appreciation      service & parts   service & parts   quick lane®   tires   service department   order parts   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   schedule service   shop for parts   ford pro elite service center   ford service center     finance department   finance department   finance department   credit application   payment calculator   free equifax credit score   kbb instant cash offer   ford protect     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   our blog                     home   new   new vehicles   model showroom   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   order your new ford   shop trucks   shop suvs   shop cars   2024 ford f-150   2025 ford maverick   research new ford cars   roush vehicles   2024 ford e-transit   f-150 lightning   2025 ford maverick coming soon   research ford electric cars     electric   electric vehicle lifestyle   research ford electric vehicles   mustang mach e   2023 ford f-150 lightning   2024 ford e-transit     used   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 20k   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   kbb instant cash offer   research used models     commercial   commercial   new work trucks   used work trucks   f-250   f-350   f-450   f-550   f-650   transit connect vans   transit vans     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   ford regional incentives   military appreciation      service & parts   service & parts   quick lane®   tires   service department   order parts   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   schedule service   shop for parts   ford pro elite service center   ford service center     finance department   finance department   finance department   credit application   payment calculator   free equifax credit score   kbb instant cash offer   ford protect     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   our blog               

                                                                     disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                            


    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        








quick lane
nothing keeps your ford running its best inside and out.



learn more












service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service












specials
check out our latest special offers.



view specials





     



something for everyone
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





suvs & crossovers


trucks & vans


all electric


cars











bronco sport





bronco





mustang mach-e





escape





explorer





edge





expedition





ecosport










maverick





ranger





f-150 lightning





f-150





super duty





transit connect





transit









mustang mach-e





f-150 lightning









mustang




explore all new models





     







ford pickup & delivery

let us pick up and return your vehicle when it needs service.* it's part of you mode.

schedule service











      

2024 mustang
unbelievable power.

from the streets to the track, the all-new mustang lineup provides responsive, athletic handling at all speeds. the sport-tuned suspension, selectable drive modes, massive brakes and a flat-bottom steering wheel combine to give you precise control. top it off with the available 2.3l high-performance, gt performance or mustang dark horse™ handling packages — for a driving experience that lets you feel one with the road.
view mustang inventory


       


sales hours      monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 6:00pm    



welcome to el cajon ford in el cajon, ca
at el cajon ford, we provide our customers with exceptional customer service and aim to meet all of their automotive needs. we can assist you with everything from your first purchase to vehicle service. if you’re looking to buy a vehicle, we have an impressive selection of new ford cars for sale, including the new ford f-150 for sale in el cajon, ca, the popular ford explorer, and the roomy ford escape
we also have an expansive selection of quality pre-owned options at our used car dealership, and our team of qualified sales professionals will work to ensure you find the right vehicle. whether you have a budget, or none at all, the experts in our finance center will take care of all the financial details for you.
learn more


     



follow us


                                 



     
     

el cajon ford in el cajon, ca
treat yourself to the best dealership experience our area has to offer by taking a trip to el cajon ford. we're proud to provide great deals on quality vehicles to customers in el cajon, la mesa, chula vista, carlsbad, and throughout the san diego area.


el cajon ford: your first choice dealership
if you’re looking for a service center in el cajon, look no further than el cajon ford. you can trust our expert technicians with your vehicle repairs and maintenance needs. not only do we provide excellent service that you can trust, but we also offer service coupons in el cajon to make your service appointments more affordable. we’ll take care of your vehicle so that you can drive with confidence.
speak with one of our team members today to learn more information about our ford dealership in el cajon, our inventory, and our specials.
el cajon ford: friendly, no-hassle buying experience
when you shop with us, you won't have to deal with any of the gimmicks or pressure that other dealerships might use to push you into a sale. instead, you'll get assistance from our helpful, well-informed team that will give you the information you need to decide which vehicle is right for you.
helping our community prosper
we're always looking for ways to show our gratitude for the great friends and neighbors we do business with every day. whether we're sponsoring community events like the lakeside rodeo or worthy causes like the san diego ford dealers' salute to education, giving back is something we're always happy to do.
our customers' favorite vehicles
ford f-150
once you experience the ford f-150's versatile capability, you'll start to see why this truck is consistently the most popular vehicle in its class. features like the integrated swing gate in the tailgate and the pro power onboard system give you the tools to tackle any situation.
ford super duty
you'll have all the power you need to tackle any challenge when you're behind the wheel of the ford super duty. a maximum towing capacity of up to 40,000 pounds when properly equipped means this is a truck built for the big jobs.
ford maverick
rounding off ford's impressive lineup of trucks is the ford maverick. this vehicle makes it easy to pack up your payload for the ride ahead, with the flexbed storage system and six truck bed tie-downs included standard to give you plenty of ways to secure your cargo.


ford bronco
want an suv that goes big on powerful performance? the ford bronco has what you're looking for. this vehicle's available 3.0-liter ecoboost v6 engine puts 418 horsepower at your command so you can enjoy unforgettable thrills on your drive.
ford explorer
keeping drivers and passengers safe is a responsibility ford takes seriously, so you can drive the ford explorer with confidence and peace of mind. the ford co-pilot360 assist+ system comes standard in new models of this suv, with features like adaptive cruise control and lane centering to make navigating highway traffic effortlessly safe.
service and financing
quality service at a low price
your ride will be in good hands when you bring it in for an appointment at our cutting-edge service center. you can get the expert maintenance and repairs we offer without overspending thanks to the excellent value we offer through our service specials.
simple and convenient financing
we aim to make every step of shopping with us as simple and stress-free as possible, and that includes getting a great loan or lease from our financing experts. with instant cash offers for your trade-in, free credit score checks, and many other benefits, we make it easy to drive home with a fair deal.

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable government fees and taxes, finance charges, electronic filing charges, and emission testing charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy  | your privacy choices  | additional disclosures el cajon ford | 1595 e main, el cajon, ca 92021 | sales: 619-493-4787 |                



















                     