


international taekwon-do association (world headquarters)























































 welcome to the ita 












 welcome to the official web site of the international taekwon-do association™.  
 the ita  website has three main objectives:
 
to present information about the ita to instructors, students, and those with an interest 
 in the art of tae kwon do.
 to help our members more easily communicate with ita headquarters.
 to offer membership, training and certification to tae kwon do practitioners throughout the world.
 

 the ita welcomes members from all over the world, into its family.
 instructors, if you and your students desire to join the ita, 
 you will find detailed information and the necessary applications in 
 our "affiliation information" section. 
 don't wait, join today!







grand masterjames s. benko, ph.d.
founder and president of the 
 international tae kwon do association
 






 the international taekwon-do association™  
 was founded on july 9, 1974 by grand master james s. benko  
 (see biography)  and his late-wife, 
 edna (dieu thi vu) benko.  grand master benko began studying the korean 
 martial arts in 1959, providing ita members with guidance from his 
 several decades of experience. 

 the ita was established 
 to preserve and perpetuate the study of the art of chang-hun tae kwon do
without "martial arts politics". we teach the original 24 chang-hun 24 patterns,  
not the modified patterns or styles which have seen fit to add new patterns or modify the original patterns for profit or political advantage.
 
 new products, services, and 
 information will be added to this web site on a regular basis. 
 this will provide those  
 interested in the korean martial arts with a 
 continuous source of accurate and authoritative information.
 
 enjoy your visit here and please feel free to send correspondence at 
 the ita address provided below. 
 










 how to contact us 








 the ita may be contacted at:
 
international taekwon-do association
 
 (international headquarters)
 p.o. box 281
 grand blanc, michigan  48480,  usa
 


e-mail:    hq@itatkd.com












instructor verification 










instructor verification form



 if you find someone claiming to be an ita (international taekwon-do association) 
 instructor and that his/her 
 school is a member of the ita, you can check by submitting this form.  
 the ita takes legal action against anyone attempting to use the ita name.
 

















visit our on-line catalogs for one-stop

 24-hour shopping.




 
dvd video catalog - great selection. 

       

  book catalog - specialized books.


    

  order form - and information.















   

 



























ita information 












ita affiliation information 

(become the 1st ita head instructor in your state or country)
 online black belt registration
grand master james s. benko
the ita insignia
time in rank requirements
promotion requirements
i.t.a. ranking system














tae kwon do information
 













what is tae kwon do?
philosophy of tae kwon do
trinity of tae kwon do
tenets of tae kwon do
how to tie the belt
tae kwon do student oath
dojang (school) etiquette
meanings of the belt colors
the korean national flag
flag display for dojang (school)
korean terminology
tae kwon do patterns
pattern "chon-ji" step-by-step














on-line catalogs 
 












dvd video catalog main menu


 tae kwon do, korean swordsmanship, 
 hapkido, law enforcement,  korean weapons and more. 

book catalog main menu


 tae kwon do patterns, korean cane, kwan jyel sul, 
 vital points, and more.
 

ita patches
ita flag
order form


 use our convenient on-line order form  or you can 
 mail your order in today! 
 















tae kwon do journal™ 
 












tae kwon do journal™
 is an online publication which features articles and 

information related to traditional and combat martial arts.  below are just some 

of the articles you can find in tae kwon do journal.





theories of defensive action
kwan jyel sul (joint manipulation)
the korean cha-ru (tonfa)
suk-dal: striving for perfection
mu ki pang wi (self-defense against weapons)
zones of defense  (pang wi chi dae)
wa ki sul (ground fighting techniques)
jung bong (middle staff)
ji pang e (cane)
in nae: perseverance
tahn bong (short stick)
in search of a grand master
tae kwon do journal home page



















korean weapons and combat programs
 












 korean swordsmanship program


 earn black belt ranks in the art of shim soo do™ (traditional korean swordsmanship) through our etp  
 (external testing program).  you can now register online!

 


korean weapons black belt programs


 no matter what style of korean martial arts you study, you can 
 earn advanced black belt ranks  in han kuk mu ki do ™  (traditional korean weapons) through our etp  
 (external testing program). you can now register online!
 


ica combat training programs


 no matter what style of martial arts you study, you can 
can benefit from the knife training, knife fighting, and gun disarms programs offfered through the ica (international combat association™'s)  etp  
 (external testing programs). you can now register online!
 






 






links 
 













international hapkido federation™
world han kuk mu ki do federation™
korean martial arts federation™
international combat association™
world martial arts federation™
world shim soo do federation™
tae kwon do journal™













animated techniques 
 












animated techniques

 
techniques of the korean sword, korean cane, 
 korean nunchaku, korean sickle, tahn bong (short stick), kwan jyel sul 
 (joint manipulations), and  jung bong (middle staff).  
 















salute to veterans 













serving with pride



grandmaster benko is proud to have served his country in the military, as 
 were his father and grandfather.  the ita salutes all who have served, and 
 are serving in the defense of our country.  












































    





  





    






    






    





    









   
ihf home page


  
 kmaf home page

 

  
wmaf home page


  
 ica home page


 
 wsf home page


  
whf home page

















 international taekwon-do association™ web site is 
 
 copyright  © 1998- 

 james s. benko and ita institute.  
 all rights reserved.
 





top of page






 