








sowatzka's doll























skip to main content
























info@sowatzka.com
(715)-614-4591
view cart


use our automated contact form


ask gary a doll question


submit your doll story








homeservicesdoll restorationappraisalsconsignment salesestate salespaypalproductsantique dollsantique reproduction dollslimited edition dollsmodern reproduction dollsdoll booksportrait drawingsitems wantedclassesdoll restoration classesdoll storiesgary's tipshow to start doll collectingbasic doll typeshow to be successfulitems offered by sowatzka's dollstestimonialsask garyabout uscontactsearchlogin















doll restoration classesgary provides personal doll restoration classes and creative workshops geared for all levels.  see our class schedule for more information.professional restoration serviceour professional restoration services will bring your valuable antique doll back to life.extensive open-air studiogary's beautiful timber-framed studio has an extensive display of his quality doll restoration services and dolls for sale. 







recent dolls for sale







 schmitt & fils french 
  
 


captchathis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


math question *
2 + 5 =  
solve this simple math problem and enter the result. e.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


 
 price:  $1,800.00 
 antique dolls  

 257 jdk character baby 
  
 


captchathis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


math question *
11 + 1 =  
solve this simple math problem and enter the result. e.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


 
 price:  $595.00 
 antique dolls  

 550 character child am 
  
 


captchathis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


math question *
15 + 3 =  
solve this simple math problem and enter the result. e.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


 
 price:  $750.00 
 antique dolls  

 all-bisque character bunny 
  
 


captchathis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


math question *
10 + 1 =  
solve this simple math problem and enter the result. e.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


 
 price:  $98.00 
 limited edition dolls  






see all products


 





































useful links


a doll a day
emmie's dollhouse
blue muse ceramics
dillman's bay resort and creative arts foundation
copenhagen antique toys and dolls
dollhouse accessories
contact sowatzka dolls
 



syndicate


 








most recent winner








 for the love of dani rose 
 author:  peggy  
 date:  2011 
  
  
 read story...  




 








doll stories




  
 for the love of dani rose 
  

 christmas dreams do come... 
  

 grandmothers, and... 
  

 oh, you beautiful doll 
  

 the magician 
  

 ”my best friend” 
  

 "first, always and... 
  

  “memories of angie”,... 
  

 "she's waiting... 
  

 my fathers gift &... 
  
 


    more stories...  

 









about sowatzka's dolls



sowatzka's dolls is a family owned, and operated business. gary and louise started their business as a home studio in their home in green bay, wisconsin in 1975. read more...

 






        this web site, information and images displayed & obtained from this site is © copyright 2012 by sowatzka's dolls.   all rights reserved. some information and images displayed on this site may belong to specific product manufacturers or owners.  products, availability, models, specifications and prices are subject to change without notice.  this site is designed, customized, and hosted by northern computer service, llc.  








