















boaz, al | official website









 















skip to main content




















emergency alert


	covid-19 information & resources
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 















facebook








facebook










 
 












search







 
 
 




    government      services      community      business      i want to…  


 

 

 

 

 



 




























  
 
 



 














job opportunities








agendas & minutes








parks & recreation








forms










 
 
 
























calendar










wed, feb. 19  

power yoga class



thu, feb. 20  

water aerobics



thu, feb. 20  

loom weaving - steam day






view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 














animal control



municipal election information



online payments



recreation center news



recycling center



report a concern



storm shelter registration









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 









 
 



   
 



calling all boaz residents: we are collecting input for the future legacy foundation boaz museum. please take a few minutes to tell us what you would like to see included and any other ideas you have. survey closes on april 6.                    legacy foundation survey



 
 





 welcome to boaz
 fire dept donation
 tax preparation




 welcome to boaz















welcome to boaz!
welcome to the city of boaz, alabama website. this provides links to our city government, departments and services along with links to our schools, chamber of commerce, shopping and other boaz related information. read more
 






 

 fire dept donation





we are honored to have received a financial donation from senator clay scofield  and representative kerry rich.the money donated was used to remodel the floor in the turnout locker room and purchase grid lockers for each member to store their bunker gear. bfd members did all the manual labor work, prepped and finished the floor from start to finish. as you can see in the pictures they did a great job. thanks to each of our guys for taking on this project and giving it a much needed makeover. i would like to thank senator clay scofield and representative kerry rich for the donation and making this possible. we appreciate your support to the boaz fire department. respectfully,chief beck





 tax preparation













 
 
 









 















 






  
 
 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 
 














112 north broad street     |      	boaz, al 35957 | phone: 256-593-8105 | fax: 256-593-9527 | email city of boaz
 






  
 













contact us    |     site map    |     accessibility    |          copyright notices    |      privacy policy    |    disclaimer    |          government websites by civicplus®
 






  
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









