


































































the daily progress | charlottesville news | read breaking charlottesville, virginia news, featuring weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















30°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



virginia video network



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters to the editor



editorials



columnists




sports


cavalier insider



uva



c'ville varsity



professional



betting




life & entertainment


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



sponsored content


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



daily progress archives




our publications


the news virginian



orange county review



madison county eagle



greene county record



the rural virginian




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage charlottesville subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



manage greene subscription



manage madison subscription



manage orange subscription



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

lifestyles

public notices

sports

puzzles

jobs









30°
sunny
























        
        
            virginia hospitals caught in political crossfire over transgender healthcare

a political battle over transgender health care has left virginia families from charlottesville to norfolk scrambling to secure services for their children. 

















        
        
            charges dropped against mother in fishersville kidnapping case

the three abduction charges lodged against shanice davison, accused of kidnapping her own children from a fishersville bus stop, have been dropped.

















        
        
            upcoming performances and events

this week, charlottesville's jefferson theater offers shows by big head todd and the monsters and by max mcnown.

















        
        
            virginia basketball overwhelmed in loss to no. 3 duke: three takeaways

virginia fell behind by double digits midway through the first half and was overwhelmed as cooper flagg and duke kept adding to their advantage.

















        
        
            update: 2 dead, 1 injured after shootout at crozet harris teeter

a shootout in the parking lot of the crozet harris teeter has left two dead and a 68-year-old woman in critical condition. 

















        
        
            kenneth gordon: vaccination is our best defense against measles

before a vaccine was available, an estimated 48,000 people were hospitalized in the united states each year. it doesn't have to be that way again.

















        
        
            samantha koon jones: 'creation lake' is where philosophy meets spy thriller

rachel kushner's latest, "creation lake," elevates a straightforward spy novel to a thought-provoking examination of the conflict between human nature and the modern world.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            update: 2 dead, 1 injured after shootout at crozet harris teeter


















        
        
            virginia basketball overwhelmed in loss to no. 3 duke: three takeaways


















        
        
            trump abolishes federal executive institute, imperils dozens of charlottesville jobs















                
                the latest










        
        
            update: be prepared for winds in virginia sunday afternoon

an updated report was issued from the national weather service on sunday at 1:09 p.m. for winds until 3 p.m. the alert is for northern virginia blue ridge and central virginia blue ridge as well as augusta, rockingham, shenandoah, frederick, page, warren, clarke, nelson, albemarle, greene, m…




















        
        
            joann fabric closing charlottesville store, hundreds of others across us

joann, the country’s leading supplier of all things arts and crafts, is closing its charlottesville-area location after declaring bankruptcy for the second time in a year.





















        
        
            a1 minute! february 13, 2025: trump abolishes federal executive institute

trump abolishes federal executive institute 




















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            2025 charlottesville readers' choice




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            uva's sanchez on plan against duke's flagg




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            hokies' pry on hiring montgomery as oc












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: scenes from uva vs. duke men's basketball at john paul jones arena

photos from monday's acc men's basketball game between virginia and duke. 




















        
        
            philip montgomery hired as hokies' new offensive coordinator

montgomery was hired less than two weeks after former offensive coordinator tyler bowen left to become ohio state’s offensive line coach and run game coordinator.





















        
        
            photos: scenes from the region 3c championships at brooks family ymca

photos from the region 3c swimming and diving championships at the brooks family ymca. 




















        
        
            virginia tech's mike young 'a lucky human being'

the tech men's basketball coach and radford native recently earned his 400th career win.












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            is hiring a lawyer necessary for minor bicycle accidents?

contributor content.  learn how a lawyer can help with insurance claims, injury assessments and fair compensation, even for small accidents.












contributor








        
        
            rising stars: how up-and-comers finance their path to pro sports

contributor content. discover how emerging sports stars can invest early to secure a comfortable future and retirement.












contributor








        
        
            installing or replacing your windows: how to know when it’s time

contributor content. five signs that your windows have deteriorated to the point where the expense of replacement might save you cost and frustration in the end.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            voors & kenefick, pc



                                        190 james river road, scottsville, va 24590
                                    






















        
        
            natural pet essentials



                                        3440 seminole trail, charlottesville, va 22911
                                    






















        
        
            affordable care, inc



                                        5430 wade park blvd, raleigh, nc 27607
                                    




































        
        
            2025 charlottesville readers' choice



















×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


cavalier insider

the news virginian

greene county record

madison county eagle

orange county review

the rural virginian

public notices

archives

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

newspapers in education (nie)

join our team

newsletter sign-up

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the daily progress , po box 9030 charlottesville, va 22906
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

all

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






breaking sports news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























