






		homepage - napcor	
































































































 


 



















					menu



home

what is pet?


why pet?

back
why pet?


brand commitments


pet package overview





recycling

back
recycling


rpet products


pet thermoforms


pet design & bale spec guidelines





news


blog


reports

back
reports


position statements





sustainability resources

back
sustainability resources


container lca





napcor membership

back
napcor membership


member list & resources





frequently asked questions


about napcor


contact us













										search
									



										member login									













we are pet


napcor is the trade association for the pet plastic packaging industry in the united states, canada, and mexico.




the pet life cycle assessment (lca) report is now available.

					learn more.
				










what is pet?
									pet (polyethylene terephthalate, #1 plastic) is a transparent, lightweight, strong, safe, shatterproof, and recyclable packaging material. a suitable package for everything from specialty beverages to fresh blueberries to ketchup.									about pet











three steps to help end plastic waste
									check out our article outlining the steps we can all take to ensure pet plastic doesn't become plastic pollution.									read on











positively pet
									plastics have been in the news a lot lately, but not all plastics are the same. pet plastic, easily identified by the #1 on the container, is safe, lightweight, resealable, shatter-resistant, and best of all, fully recyclable.									learn more











get the latest pet resources
									from microplastics to reuse models, explore the current technical landscape of popular plastic topics. within each topic, gain a unique pet perspective fitting of this exceptional polymer.									explore, find answers, and correct misconceptions











recyclable, sustainable pet
									today’s pet resin and package production is increasingly efficient, using less energy and resources than ever before. after safely delivering the products they contain, pet bottles can be recycled and reprocessed back into a clean raw material.									recycling: how it works
made from recycled pet











why pet? learn about this innovative packaging
									pet (#1 plastic ) brings packaging visions to life, with unmatched clarity, scope for design innovation, shelf appeal, performance, and convenience.									why pet?









resources
reports & industry collaborations
more on environmental impacts






latest news & updates

don’t discourage recycling by dismissing the science
february 13, 2025 
					

on february 11, the denver post  published napcor's letter to the editor responding to the january 24 column by karen mockler titled "time to...				
read more


see all napcor news
 












pet recycling rate reports
														for over 20 years, napcor has led the charge on researching pet recycling rates and related market data.																													read more













the value of napcor membership
														are you part of the pet industry? what does it mean to be part of napcor and who is eligible?																													napcor membership












recycling pet plastic
											take a look at how pet plastics are recycled in this short video.																								view here












napcor
copyright 2025. all rights reserved









































































