



cosmic conspiracies - europe's largest ufos and aliens database




















welcome to    
'cosmic conspiracies'  - 
europe's biggest and most popular ufo/paranormal website!
why not call our ufo/paranormal hotline on

 07503 
577739

with your sightings!





 
          

















































































 























 



















 

free hit counters

check out our you tube channel



           




view my stats



send 
          your ufo information to: 


mail@cosmic-conspiracies.com
 




world 
				exclusive: 
				in december 2010, a lady contacted our website because she 
				believed she had been abducted by aliens. but what made this 
				encounter unique was that she also had film footage of the 
				abduction!cosmic conpiracies has the world exclusive 
				rights to this encounter and footage.


				click here to read the complete story and view the footage



































the 
following article was written by guest writer, harv howard. 
we have been lead to believe that our efforts into space 
have advanced along purely typical lines of scientific investigation of natural 
phenomena such as mankind has always done on earth. that quest has naturally 
moved outward to other worlds in our solar system and beyond as technology has 
allowed.



such is true in the greater sense of what science is about. but the 
driving force of off-planet investigations has at its core a hidden agenda 
beyond that of our innate curiosity. the directed goal has been a search for 
answers to a troubling predicament: where do the ufo's come from, and are they 
local to our solar system?


we are in the midst of a slow, scientific 
disclosure that started with our early space probes and is increasing in 
velocity at an ever-increasing rate. under our watchful and frequently 
enthralled eyes we have been presented with a growing escalation of new 
discoveries every few weeks. the public knows these revelations as martian 
meteorites with fossilized primitive life forms, water on mars, and the moon, 
titian maybe harboring life in its oceans, mars anomalies, and, recently, 
planets found around other stars. without a doubt, the discovery of earth-like 
planets will be found any day now. closer to home and in recent weeks, there has 
been a recent renewing of the argument over the results from the viking “search 
for life” experiments in the late 1970s. unbeknown to the public, that 
all-important question has never been fully or correctly answered. 

click to read more...






bridget grant looks like an ordinary housewife more at home making the school run than giving speeches at public conferences around the world. but her extraordinary experiences mean she is in big demand both here and in america. for bridget is widely recognised in the ufo world as the briton most visited by aliens. cosmic conspiracies first met bridget in 2001 when she appeared alongside nick pope (former head of the ufo desk for the ministry of defence) at the 20th leeds ufo conference organized by the now defunct ufo magazine (uk).

in her 40 years she claims to have had at least 17 encounters with ufos, including five up close. "why me? i don't know. i can't understand it but i need answers," she said. "i can't explain what's happening to me. i feel very happy that i've witnessed what i have."
"but i am frustrated that my experiences are ones i haven't been able to tell to most people for fear of ridicule." bridget says her alien encounters began when she was a little girl living in a village in devon, although at the time she did not realise their significance. 
"i was seven years old and it was in the school holidays and i know it was winter," she recalled. "i had to get home for tea and i decided for some reason to walk through the village on a different route from my normal one. "i met what i thought was a very small chinese girl. she was about my height and i thought she was chinese because of her eyes. she showed me some money - a hong kong note - and she showed me her house. she didn't say much but i had to get home for tea so we arranged to meet the next day.""the next day i went back at about the same time but the house was no longer there. it had been at the end of a cul-de-sac but now there was a field where the house had been." 
"in the field was a gazebo surrounded by coloured lights. i think i recognised it from watching elvis presley films on tv at christmas! the grass shimmered from the lights and i can remember jumping down from something and going home." 
bridget never saw the "chinese girl" or the "gazebo" again. looking back on the incident 33 years later, she wonders if the girl was really an alien - a so-called grey. ufo experts she has told the story to suggest the gazebo may have been a spaceship. it is possible aliens implanted what are known as "screen memories" to make her see a little girl and a gazebo rather than the more alarming images of an alien and spaceship. 
bridget continued: "as i was growing up i had many paranormal encounters with ghosts - people who had died in the past and people who had died more recently. i would be told someone had died, wherever it was, in particular circumstances." "some of the ghosts seemed as real as you and me - sometimes they seemed less solid. these paranormal experiences went on from when i was five or six until i was 21." 
bridget says her next big incident with aliens came in february 1993 when she was working in los angeles as a make-up artist. "i was driving a girl called jane - she was a friend of a friend - to an interview in rodeo drive where she hoped to work as a hairdresser," bridget said. "i had to call in to see someone in an area called brentwood."
"i was just leaving the freeway on the off-ramp near the holiday inn when we were stopped by a traffic light. this feeling of apprehension came over me. it was like stage fright - i was very anxious and my hands were gripping the steering wheel tighter and tighter. i saw a glimmer of silver reflecting from the metal frame between the door and the windscreen and then to the left over my head was this massive craft. it was eight to ten metres away, silver, round and 35ft to 40ft long."
"there was no noise, no wings and no exhaust fumes or anything like that. there was a burning red-orange glow underneath and i thought, 'what the hell is this?' "it was gliding through the tops of some trees. jane saw it too."
"the traffic light changed and in my mind i felt, 'i need to make a left over the bridge behind the holiday inn.' "my mind was racing and i was shaking. it had disappeared from view and i said to jane, 'we're both going to get out and point where we think the craft went.' "we both got out and pointed to the left. my eyes were watering, streaming."
"i was all over the place. i couldn't believe what had happened. later there was a most roaring noise and four or five black, unmarked military helicopters flew over. they were obviously going to intercept that craft, and i thought, 'you're not going to catch that.' 
"that night i got home to bill, my partner at the time, but i couldn't physically say anything to him. my brain was racing. the next day i kicked him out, packed my belongings and left. jane did the same two days later." bridget added: "i know many people won't believe me. you have to be very selective - you can't just tell all your neighbours. people say, 'yeah, right, ok,' but for them seeing is believing and they haven't seen what i've seen." 
bridget returned to devon and set up the south west witness support group to try to meet people with similar experiences. she is writing a book about her experiences but says she still doesn't fully understand what happened. 

bridget was talking ahead of the launch on dvd on november 8 of the sci-fi tv show v: the complete series. 

this article is courtesy of the sun newspaper 13/11/10


  bridget grant - the alien abductee interview

 
a newly-published book by a retired norad officer predicted that on october 13th, 2010, a fleet of  extraterrestrial vehicles would hover for hours over the earth's principal cities. the author says the event would be the first in a series intended to avert a planetary catastrophe resulting from increasing levels of carbon-dioxide in the earth's atmosphere dangerously approaching a "critical mass." 

according to the author, stanley a. fulham, the aliens will neither land nor communicate on that date; they are aware from eons of experience with other planets in similar conditions their sudden intervention would cause fear and panic.
the book, 'challenges of change' reports this event will be the initial interaction in a process leading to mankind’s acceptance of the alien reality and technologies for the removal of poisonous gases from the earth’s atmosphere in 2015, if not sooner. 
the author draws upon his military experience with the ufo phenomenon dating back to ww2, and later, with norad and his subsequent life-long association with a senior norad intelligence officer who provided him with a wealth of historical data relating to norad’s experience with the ufo/alien reality which has never been revealed to the public. in the military's view, as conveyed to and understood by fulham, the public is not yet ready to accept an alien reality. 
norad is the bi-national u.s.-canadian military organization responsible for the aerospace and maritime defense of the united states and canada. norad, created by a 1958 agreement between canada and the united states, provides advanced warning of impending missile and air attacks against its member nations, safeguards the air sovereignty of north america, and maintains airborne forces for defense against attack.

for more than a decade, through the services of a world renowned channeler, the author claims he has communicated with an ethereal group of entities known as the transcendors -- 43,000 very old souls who combine their vast experience and knowledge through eons of incarnations, providing advice and information to humans in search of basic realities of mankind’s existence.
the book 'challenges of change' reports on the author’s years of communication with the transcendors in a question and answer format intended to inform and challenge. the transcendors reveal through the author crucial information about urgent global challenges facing mankind such as earth changes, international terrorism, worldwide financial collapse and the environmental crisis. one revelation is al qaeda has a dirty nuclear bomb and wmd, but faces a moral quandary over “containment of collateral damages.”
fulham's theory sounds a little wacky doesn't it? that's exactly what we thought until we started to do a little investigation into ufo reports for october 13th. a major fleet of ufo's were seen by several hundreds of people over the skies of new york city, and in fact, all 3 of the cities airports were closed down on that day for one hour! the ufo's stayed in the sky for several hours and seeing video footage emerge on the internet of ufo events that happened on the 15th of october this year certainly stengthens stan fulham's claims! 
 
according to fulham, the transcendors state they have borne witness to countless thousands of alien civilizations who polluted their planets to total extinction where not a single being, animal or plant survived. they urgently warn planet earth is presently on the same self-destructive path. fulham reports the aliens are well aware of our environmental crisis, and have benevolently decided to rescue mankind in this vast universal drama.
fulham has been in contact with a distinguished foreign ambassador who read the book with great interest and dispatched it to his home government, where it was translated and studied by hundreds of their top government officials.



 
the following article was written by the newest member to our team, retired research analyst, jeff pearson. jeff has been seriously interested in the ufo phenomenon ever since he saw an unidentified 'something' on the water, at night, when he was a soldier during the falklands war in 1982. jim will be submitting many more interesting stories for our website - so stayed tuned. thanks for your contribution jeff, and welcome aboard!
my own story is quite basic - after the falklands war finished, the married soldiers were sent home first, with the single guys stopping behind until replacements came out from the uk. that meant that many soldiers were there for nearly 9 months as i was, with 266 signal squadron (south atlantic). 
to keep up morale we were given an r&r break of four days, down to one of the furthest points on east falkland, fanny cove house, a totally remote and very basic sheep shearers hut on the way to bull point, the fi's southernmost point. although hostilities had ceased we still had air warning reds, and the occasional 'stand to', but for our break, we were armed only with a single shotgun and a clay target trap for light relief, and a clansman radio linked to port stanley. about a dozen of us were chinooked in (there were no roads then, and overland in a land rover could take the best part of a whole day). once in, we spent our time watching penguins on the beach (2 miles long), or checking out the bull seal colonies, and many old shipwrecks along the cove... .the place was so remote and untouched that there were still the old fireplaces in the dunes left by shipwrecked crews.
as normal, we all had to take our turn 'on guard' in pairs throughout the night on two hour 'stags', spent sitting outside, and patrolling out around the house . on the third night out i was on stag at midnight to 2am, when we saw a light out on the sea, and as there is absolutely no ambient light that far south, it made us head down to the beach.
once there we could make out a craft of some description, low in the water, with a white light, two red lights, and a green light sitting out on the waters of the cove, not moving. the lack of perspective made it very hard to ascertain how far out it was - the general concensus afterwards was that it was about 800-1000 yards out. 
the lights were red-green-red with the white light slightly above the green in the centre.
the white light was not a beam per se, but lit up the beach faintly,  like a parachute flare would. 
we couldn't make out any shape, but what was strange to us was that with the exception of the white one, all the lights were in a flat  row, not as on a ship where they are on the masts and superstructure. 
to be honest, we thought only one thing, that it was a possible insertion or pickup by argentine special forces, and whilst i stayed on the beach, my colleague ran to the house to rouse everyone. the bright light dimmed as my colleague left, leaving the beach in pitch darkness. within five minutes, all of us were in the dunes watching whatever it was, just sitting out there. we tried to get through to stanley to check if there was any naval traffic near us, but the radio, working perfectly all day, was just static, and we couldn't communicate.
we stayed together watching it for nearly an hour. it made no move, and it was impossible to see a shape, but we all felt it was a very flat craft, that looked about a hundred feet long (taking the distance between the first and last light). and very low in the water. there was no engine noise whatsoever. after an hour, the white light extinguished, and we all felt that it was moving away, albeit quite slowly. suddenly, it appeared to have moved very quickly to a point where it was only just possible to see the lights on it, and then it was gone, as if the lights were suddenly switched off. not one of us at any time thought it was an unexplained object, but was of military origin, and on our return the following day we checked up with the navy and sbs detachment whether anything of ours was that far south - which was negative. 
the sbs guys were quite forthright in saying that any insertion or pickup would not be accompanied by 'blackpool illuminations' (their words), and would have been carried out in complete darkness. so there it is, for what it's worth! not quite whitley streiber but strange nonetheless.
paranormal/weird? - in 1966 i was with 1 british corps hq on exercise near paderborn, w. germany. we took over a small 'schloss' or walled manor house with major outbuildings as our hq area for two days. all the officers left to attend a briefing, leaving the other ranks to park up and conceal over 120 3 ton box body vehicles. for half an hour chaos reigned as everyone competed to get their vehicle out of vision and camouflaged. 
the door of the schloss opened, and out came a man, in his early sixties, white collarless shirt with a german army greatcoat on his shoulders (his arms werent in its arms), the old army puffed out trousers with a broad yellow stripe, and jackboots. he stood there for about two minutes and then shouted "stop" at the top of his voice. he then took over everything and in perfect clipped english directed vehicles under cover, with his parting shot being "thankyou gentlemen, the russkis will not give you that much time, believe me." he then went in and closed the door.
what's strange about that? at a regimental reunion nearly 25 years later, 9 of us who were there that day (we were all friends and in the same troop), met up, and reminisced about it. five of us concurred he must have been an ex army officer who couldnt stand to see us cock things up so badly and stepped in to sort it out.
the other four said nothing of the sort happened, and were adamant about it. 
not confused, they described the schloss, the chaos of the morning, agreed we were all there, but that it just didn't happen. makes you wonder what's going on?
article written by jeff pearson © 2010



















																	what are evp 
																	recordings?

																	evp stands 
																	for electronic 
																	voice 
																	phenomenon. 
																	sometimes 
																	you can hear 
																	evp when you 
																	make a sound 
																	recording 
																	and 
																	unexplained 
																	voices are 
																	heard when 
																	you play it 
																	back. in 
																	some 
																	circumstances, 
																	the voices 
																	will answer 
																	specific 
																	questions 
																	that are 
																	asked at the 
																	time of the 
																	recording. 

																	our resident 
																	researcher 
																	and medium, 
																	martin, has 
																	had an 
																	interest in 
																	evp for 
																	several 
																	years and 
																	recently 
																	decided to 
																	conduct a 
																	few 
																	experiments. 
																	martin 
																	invested in 
																	a piece of 
																	equipment 
																	called a 
																	'franks 
																	box', which 
																	is basically 
																	a radio 
																	which can 
																	scan the 
																	airwaves but 
																	will not 
																	lock onto 
																	any specific 
																	station. 
																	over the 
																	past month 
																	or so, 
																	martin has 
																	been 
																	recording 
																	and 
																	experimenting 
																	with the box 
																	and came up 
																	with some 
																	very 
																	interesting 
																	results. 

here 
																	are some of 
																	the 
																	recordings:
																	
																	most of them 
																	begin with
																	
																	martin 
																	asking a 
																	question and 
																	then the
																	evp. 
																	press the 
																	buttons to 
																	hear the 
																	audio clips.




																	can anybody 
																	tell me 
																	their name?
																	marlene





																	are you 
																	there?
																	speak to me





																	can you see 
																	me?
																	oh yes!






																	don't be 
																	afraid.
																	i'll warn 
																	you!






																		can you 
																		give me 
																		the year 
																		please. 
																		1947



 
																	goodnight 
																	brits






																	how many 
																	people's in 
																	the room 
																	with me? 
																	six, seven, 
																	eight, zero






																	how are you? 
																	i'm fine 
																	thank you






																	anybody 
																	would like 
																	to say 
																	hello? 
																	kids bounce 
																	with a 
																	distinctive 
																	???? vehicle





(sad 
																	voice) my 
																	baby






																	hello 
																	everybody 
																	help me... 
																	whats up?

 













the
			
sts-75 
			tether incident

some of the best ever ufo footage ever captured was taken during a 
			nasa space shuttle mission that was launched on sunday, february 
			22nd, 1996. the space shuttle columbia deployed an experimental 
			aerial into orbit. the experiment, also known as the 'tethered 
			satellite system (tss- 1r)' attempted to generate electricity by 
			utilizing earth's magnetic field. as the 12-mile long, 100 million 
			dollar tether was pulled behind the space shuttle, it was bombarded 
			by charged particles from the upper atmosphere and cosmic rays from 
			the sun.  

the tether was made of strong synthetic fibres, but 
			unfortunately on february 25th, it became overcharged with ions and 
			eventually snapped and floated away into space. the cameras aboard 
			the shuttle captured the events and continued to film the tether as 
			it drifted away. it was at 90 nautical miles that something strange 
			started to happen - swarms of unidentified flying objects began to 
			fly around the broken tether.  
you 
			can read the full story and see video footage in our new article

here.
			




huge 
			'apollo hoax' update -  
part one
to celebrate the 
			40th anniversary of the apollo moon landings, we have been working 
			hard to bring you an update to our most popular article - the apollo 
			hoax. over the past year, our researcher, dave cosnette, has been 
			delving deeper into what he believes is a nasa cover-up of the 
			alleged moon footage. dave has been investigating the subject for 
			the past 10 years and part one is now available to read. the new 
			apollo hoax section will be the definitive answer to the apollo 
			missions and will have approximately 5 times more information than 
			the original article. it will also dismiss the common misconceptions 
			of 'blowing flags' and other faulty hoax theories that have been 
			floating around the web. 
new evidence will 
			include pictures of astronauts without backpacks, cosmonauts blinded 
			by radiation, the real story behind the missing original apollo 11 
			tapes and much, much more.
that is why the 
			entire article will be released in stages over the next few weeks.
			
you can read the 
			latest apollo update by
			
clicking here






































if you want to know more about online blackjack and casino craps click here

online blackjack 



																																	link: 

casino craps 













advertisements




secured homeowner loanss



plantronics cs600













iit's time you got abducted and taken away to  gambling city, where you can spend all day making  baccarat bets, sharpening up your baccarat system, becoming an expert on  chemin de fer  and more!

the best bingo brand on the internet - http://www.bingosites.co.uk

ackjack and casino craps click her











uk ufo sightings 'double in a single year'

officials have admitted the number of ufo sightings more than 
																													doubled last year - including one spotted hovering over parliament.

a total of 285 unidentified flying objects were reported to the ministry of defence in 2008, compared to just 135 in 2007, according to official documents. 
the reports include a mystery craft spotted hovering opposite parliament was reported on february 12th, 2008. according to the document: 'there was a craft that had green, red and white lights. it was still and static in the sky. it was seen for about half an hour.'

the rise in the number of sightings - the biggest since 1998 - was described as 'phenomenal' by experts. 

the mod only investigate reports of unidentified flying objects that it considers may pose a risk to national security, and most of the incidents seem just to have been logged and ignored. on june 28, near cobham in somerset, a document notes that someone reported seeing 'something interesting' in the sky. a few days earlier, it states: 'twenty-five amber lights were seen leaving the heathrow area. they were seen travelling west at 45 degrees, 200-300 knots'.

another interesting sighting was reported in february 2008 where a ufo the size of a 747 was reported above leeds, west yorkshire. that craft was described as a 'jumbo jet sized object which was flat and round with a blue ripple underside. it made no sound and then disappeared.'
the dossier was published just one week after it emerged the raf has tried to shoot down ufos under instructions from the mod. former mod ufo investigator, nick pope, claims that pilots have aimed at ufos several times, but have failed to bring them down. mr pope, who worked on the mod's ufo section for three years, said the 'shoot down' directive had been in place since the 1980s. pope says 'we know of cases where the order has been given to shoot down - with little effect to the ufo... firing at ufos was 'not automatic but happens when something in our airspace is deemed to be a threat.' 'in the case of ufos, whether the object is causing a threat is very much a (pilot’s) judgment call.'

and last month (january 09) it was claimed that a ufo ripped a 60ft blade off a wind farm turbine in lincolnshire. hundreds of witnesses reported hearing an earsplitting bang at 4am. one saw orangey-yellow spheres skimming across the sky, while another reported a 'massive ball of light' with 'tentacles going right down to the ground'.

the turbine at conisholme lost one 66ft (20m) blade and another was badly damaged. county councillor 
																													for the area, robert palmer, said he had seen a "round, white light that seemed to be hovering". "that is the only way i can explain it - it wasn't a flare-like light - it was just round, white light with a slight red edge to it that seemed to be over the wind turbines."

																													ecotricity, which 
																													owns the site, said while investigations continued they were not ruling anything out - but the extent of damage was "unique". 
the turbine is one of 20 at the conisholme site, which has only been fully 
																													operational since april 2008. the broken blade has been recovered and is being examined.

																													local ufologists 
																													said they had received many reports of activity in the area and had teams searching for clues. russ kellett, from the flying saucer bureau, said witnesses had told him of activity in the area. "one saw what they at first 
																													thought was a low-flying aircraft on the saturday evening and another heard a loud banging in the early 
																													hours of sunday," he said.

																													"this is the second most reports of activity we have ever had - i have had over 30 phone 
																													calls and emails. to hit two of the blades, any object must have been about 170ft long."

article by dave cosnette and andy lloyd - february 09














																	new 'planet 
																	x' 
																	conspiracy 
																	novel 
																	released


																	regular 
																	cosmic 
																	conspiracies 
																	contributor, 
																	andy lloyd, 
																	has been 
																	very busy 
																	over the 
																	past year, 
																	writing a 
																	new book as 
																	a follow up 
																	to his 
																	successful 
																	first 
																	publication, 
																	the dark 
																	star theory.
																	

																	the book 
																	involves 
																	conspiracy 
																	theory, nasa 
																	cover-ups, 
																	political 
																	intrigue, 
																	the dark 
																	star/planet 
																	x, the 
																	anunnaki and 
																	plenty of 
																	twists and 
																	turns. 
																	

																	the book has 
																	only been 
																	available 
																	through 
																	amazon for a 
																	few weeks, 
																	but is 
																	already 
																	proving to 
																	be popular.

here 
																	is a quick 
																	overview of 
																	the story:


																	journalist, 
																	bill 
																	bainbridge 
																	suspects 
																	foul play 
																	when his 
																	informant in 
																	the 
																	intelligence 
																	community 
																	dies 
																	suspiciously 
																	from an 
																	extremelyaggressive 
																	form of 
																	cancer. the 
																	last piece 
																	of 
																	correspondence 
																	bill 
																	received 
																	from lyn 
																	described a 
																	secret nasa 
																	project 
																	code-named 
																	'ezekiel 
																	one'. 
																	determined 
																	to discover 
																	the truth 
																	behind the 
																	'ezekiel 
																	one' mystery 
																	and a 
																	possible 
																	connection 
																	to her 
																	untimely 
																	death, he 
																	finds 
																	himself the 
																	subject of 
																	surveillance, 
																	intrigue and 
																	an attempted 
																	assassination. 
																	his courage 
																	in the face 
																	of adversity 
																	leads him to 
																	the greatest 
																	government 
																	secret since 
																	the 
																	manhattan 
																	project. but 
																	bill quickly 
																	finds that 
																	the truth 
																	itself is 
																	the highest 
																	obstacle of 
																	all. set in 
																	the last 
																	months of 
																	the year 
																	2012, 
																	ezekiel one 
																	is an 
																	action-packed 
																	story of 
																	conspiracy, 
																	terror, and 
																	the end of 
																	an age of 
																	innocence.
																	


																	readers are 
																	already 
																	raving about 
																	andy's 
																	latest 
																	work..





																	"when you 
																	read andy 
																	lloyd's 
																	story you 
																	find 
																	yourself on 
																	the 
																	threshold of 
																	our new 
																	world."  
																	--monika 
																	myers, 
																	volunteer 
																	editor, 
																	washington 
																	state, usa


																	"in ezekiel 
																	one, andy 
																	lloyd 
																	masterfully 
																	blends his 
																	"dark star 
																	theory" with 
																	a brilliant, 
																	real-time 
																	plot set in 
																	the backdrop 
																	of 2012.  
																	planet x 
																	fans will be 
																	riveted to 
																	their seats, 
																	as 
																	fast-moving 
																	developments 
																	take them 
																	along with 
																	our intrepid 
																	reporter, 
																	bill 
																	bainbridge 
																	of the daily 
																	standard -- 
																	toward 
																	uncharted 
																	waters 
																	affecting 
																	all citizens 
																	of the 
																	planet 
																	earth.  
																	ezekiel one 
																	has all the 
																	necessary 
																	ingredients 
																	to bring 
																	readers from 
																	the 
																	civilization 
																	of today, 
																	back to the 
																	prophecies 
																	of the 
																	mayans, and 
																	again into 
																	the 
																	near-future.  
																	whether you 
																	are an 
																	anomalist, 
																	or an 
																	x-files fan, 
																	or just an 
																	inquisitive 
																	recreational 
																	reader, 
																	ezekiel one 
																	is bound to 
																	satisfy!!!"    
																	--lee covino, 
																	volunteer 
																	editor, 
																	staten 
																	island, new 
																	york, usa















																	"having read 
																	half of 
																	"ezekiel 
																	one" in one 
																	sitting, i 
																	waited two 
																	days before 
																	getting back 
																	to the book 
																	simply 
																	because i 
																	did not want 
																	the story to 
																	end!!!   if 
																	you like non 
																	conventional 
																	intrigue and 
																	suspense 
																	this book is 
																	for you.  i 
																	will say 
																	being a 
																	study of the 
																	works of 
																	zecharia 
																	sitchin, 
																	made the 
																	storyline 
																	come alive.
																	





																	"a must read 
																	for 2009!!!"


																	tom murdic, 
																	tennessee, 
																	usa















																	copies are 
																	available 
																	now at 
																	amazon - 
																	please use 
																	the links 
																	below to 
																	order.
 







 



 






































 



















				click here 
				to

check out our


book review page

				it's had a major update!!!


 

this website 
			has been totally self funded since it started in december 1999. 
			however, due to spiralling server costs etc, we always appreciate a 
			little help for the hard work that we do. if you have enjoyed this 
			site and would like to make a donation - no matter how big or small, 
			please click the button below. thanks!






bag a 100% sign up bonus with
			kerching  online casino and play online slots, roulette and blackjack games with the chance to win big cash prizes. join today.



new ufo movie 
          section just added


the calling
if you have enjoyed 
			your visit to our website, please support us by buying a new mp3 
			song available exclusively through this website. by buying the mp3 
			song which is called 'the calling', you will help to keep this 
			website online. 

'the 
			calling'  clearly affirms the belief that, as 
			beings on this small planet, we are definitely “not alone” and it is 
			the first of a series of songs that are set to bring a whole new 
			dimension to this vitally important field of work. 

click the 'listen now' 
			button to hear a sample of the tune.

cosmic conspiracies are 
			proud to exclusively offer  'the calling' to 
			our readers for just £1.25. all you have to do is click the button 
			below. we will then send the track to 
			you via email. 











































































































































 
          















 

 
          

































           

			welcome 
			to the newest section of cosmic conspiracies. this part of the site 
			will be dedicated to the subject of ghosts, paranormal phenomenon 
			and other strange accounts from the world of the strange. our 
			fascination in the paranormal started at a very early age after 
			being subjected to encounters that could not be explained by 
			rational means. 

			if you have any ghostly stories to tell, please 

email or
telephone: 
			07963 961706


just added: we 
            return to tewkesbury battlefield on the anniversary of the civil war 
            battle of 1471. check out the pictures - we got some very 
            interesting results! (click 
            for article)
over the past few 
			years our small team of investigators have conducted many ghost 
			hunts in and around our local area and we have documented many weird 
			experiences which we will show to you in this section of the 
			website. we have met many like-minded people over that time and have 
			appeared in the local media which includes radio interviews and 
			newspaper articles regarding the subject. our aim is to eventually 
			publish a book and include our readers encounters and stories.
			we have just added a gloucester ghosts section and readers ghost 
			pictures - why not check it out?

            make your webcam infrared by
            clicking 
            here

 
 
check out the 
			story of the ghost rider at lincoln cathedral (pictured above) in 
			the 
			readers ghost pics section
if you have a 
			paranormal experience or strange photograph that you would like to 
			share with this community, please email us at
			
			gloster_ghosts@hotmail.com.
 
 


all articles on this 
			site © cosmic conspiracies 2000 - 2011 unless otherwise marked

please ask for our 
			permission before 'copy and pasting our articles'
           



