











washington and lee university school of law
	




























w&l






about
academics
admissions
career strategy
faculty
law library
news


alumni & giving
faculty/staff
students



a-z index
calendar
directory
w&l home


search











 

























faculty focus
scholarship highlights and profiles
learn more about new members of our community and the work of our faculty.
learn more







learn
virtual visit
visit lewis hall from wherever you are using our virtual visit page.
learn more







featured program
the kirgis fellows
q&a with the student leaders of the peer mentoring group for 1ls.
learn more












w&l law


our mission
happenings
at a glance
a remarkable place
highlights
contact us


search











 







our mission


the washington and lee university school of law seeks to cultivate broad-minded, highly skilled, and honorable practitioners of law. we do so within a diverse and collaborative intellectual community exemplifying rigor, trust, and civility.










news & events

w&l law has long been an innovator in legal education, and these innovations have allowed the school to build a singular community that educates students for character and challenges them to solve the problems they will face in a complex world. it fosters a desire not simply to act, but to act intelligently and ethically.

of note

loading...



our community

loading...



in the news

loading...











at a glance

quicklinks:
j.d. application
tuition
financial aid
consumer information (aba required disclosures)
graduation info






166median lsat
3.73median gpa


class of 2027
our newest class includes 125 students from 28 states and four countries. full class profile.





$30,976average scholarship award


financial support
over 90% of our students receive financial aid, and we rank continually among the nation's best value law schools.





$730average rent


livable lexington
law school is hard. life in law school doesn't have to be. our low cost of living and six minute commutes to campus are just some of things that make lexington a great place to live during law school. 









20research/writing class size
7:1student/faculty ratio


personalized legal education
our liberal arts model provides small classes and unparalleled faculty access so students can design a legal education that is a custom fit for their career objectives.





100%


experience, w&l law
all students at w&l are guaranteed a lawyering experience with real clients. learn more about our committment to experiential education.





no. 3in the nation for employmentclass of 2023, jd required jobs





top 20in federal clerkships


outcomes matter
w&l law is committed to great outcomes for our graduates. the classes of 2021-2023 had a ten-month employment rate of 96% in all jobs. w&l law consistently ranks in the top 20 nationally in federal clerkships. more employment outcomes.





25jurisdictions89%pass rate


passing the bar
on average, our graduates take the bar exam in 25 different states, and our four-year bar pass average for first-time takers is nearly 90 percent nationwide.



 







a cutting-edge legal education.a close-knit community.welcome to w&l law.

 discover more








highlights


scene on campus








follow on instagram at @wlulaw















									email: lawadm@wlu.edu
									phone: 540-458-8503


									washington and lee university
									school of law
									office of admissions
									sydney lewis hall, room 400
									lexington, va 24450-0303
								

follow

 linkedin
 instagram
 twitter


take the next step
request information
schedule a visit
apply now








▲











	the washington and lee university school of law seeks to cultivate broad-minded, highly skilled, and honorable practitioners of law.  we do so within a diverse and collaborative intellectual community exemplifying rigor, trust, and civility.
 




	washington and lee university
	school of law
	300 east denny circle
	lexington, va 24450
(540) 458-8400
lawweb@wlu.edu
 




















