


 






bandai namco - fun for all into the future




























 







    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    







toggle nav






















go to search results page














                        menu                    




companytoyscollectiblespremium bandaicareersblog 




                        account                    


 









companytoyscollectiblespremium bandaicareersblog 



 
























 













product categoriestoyscollectiblesbandai namco
toys & collectibles america
welcome to our new company!
learn more
latest video
check out our recent product releases and see what’s new in the bandai world!
more







 




latest news view all >>   




















the gundam base mobile stops by irvine spectrum center!






bntca author                                            
-


february 15, 2025




after a successful tour across the united states, the g-base mobile truck is giving a final encore at the irvine spectrum center in california!















                                    gunpla                                

                                    events                                

                                    dragon ball                                

                                    digimon                                








gundam at bandai card games fest 24-25 -world tour in orlando- 






bntca author                                            
-


january 11, 2025




the largest competition for bandai card games occurred over the weekend of january 4th-5th, bringing together card game enthusiasts and anime fans from around the globe. hosted in the iconic city of orlando, florida, this event was far more than just a tournament – it was a celebration of all things anime, featuring intense competitions, exciting merchandise, and plenty of opportunities for fans to connect and celebrate their shared love of popular series like one piece, dragon ball, digimon, gundam, and more!                                                                                                                                















                                    events                                








dragon ball daima north america tour kicked off with a huge success!






bntca author                                            
-


december 09, 2024




december 9, 2024. a fan-centric dragon ball daima activation with the immersive and interactive experience is now going around north america’s iconic shopping destinations just in time for the holidays!















                                    new releases                                








the lord of the rings coming to s.h.figuarts






bntca author                                            
-


november 22, 2024




the lord of the rings is getting the s.h.figuarts treatment, beginning with aragorn, frodo baggins, and gollum! fans got their first look when the items were revealed earlier this month at tamashii nation, held in akihabara, japan. let’s have a closer look...     















                                    events                                

                                    nycc                                








largest new york comic con to date!






october 29, 2024




new york comic con recently concluded on october 20, 2024, with its largest attendance to date and bandai namco toys & collectibles america (bntca) was there to participate with one of their biggest footprint ever! fans attending the show were able to experience a multitude of different celebrations of popular series ranging from dragon ball, godzilla, gundam, tamagotchi, ultraman, & more!















                                    events                                

                                    new releases                                

                                    press release                                

                                    tamagotchi                                

                                    nycc                                








tamagotchi takes the stage at new york comic con 2024






bntca author                                            
-


october 24, 2024




new york, ny – [october 18, 2024] – bandai namco toys & collectibles america (bntca), the makers of the pioneering virtual pet brand tamagotchi, unveiled a series of announcements from the almost thirty-year-old brand, in front of a 250-person audience of fans, during the fun with tamagotchi panel at new york comic con (nycc) yesterday. the talk brought together creators and fans to celebrate the evolution of these iconic...













toys
collectibles
company
premium bandai

contact us
careers
replacements & returns








tm & © 2024 bandai namco



privacy policy
children’s privacy policy
terms & conditions
employee notice for personal information
do not sell my personal data




you are about to visit shop.bandai.com, which operates under a separate privacy policy and other terms.





you are about to leave https://www.bandai.com/, which operates under a separate privacy policy and other terms.










 

