






electrical services in san jose, ca by delta electric
 









































 
 






skip to content
 







408.224.0176



call us today!



408.224.0176



  

















specials!
serving the south bay arealicense #429472 












home
electrical services

residential electrician
commercial electrician
panel upgrades

main electrical panels
sub panels
surge protection
grounding
home ev charging installation


re – wiring
dedicated circuits
lighting installation
aluminum wiring
electrical safety inspections
residential electrical remodeling
commercial electrical remodeling
mobile home park electrician
electric charging stations


faqs

electrical safety faq


online specials
service area
about us
blog
contact us
 














doing the job right the first time
contact delta electric and request your free estimate on the services you need.
get started
excellence for 32 years
delta electric has been committed to providing the tools you need since 1982.
about us
servicing the south bay
our electrical services are designed to help both homes and business.
learn more
 




 







contact us today
we're ready to help you!

***captcha

 









 









 







the delta electric way
our family owned and operated company was established in 1982.
meet our team




  







what clients are saying
we pride ourselves in the value we are able to offer our clients and that is shown in their satisfaction.
read testimonials




  







schedule service
contact us today about the commercial or residential electric services you need.
get started




 









                                    why choose us?                                


free estimates on installationsreasonable ratesno hidden charges24-hour emergency serviceslicensed and insured 











keeping clients satisfied
take a look at what our clients have to say about our services.







easy to work with
“i will definitely be using delta again when we decide to update our electrical panel.” -kr
 



very honest
“they were very honest, and did not do unnecessary work just to inflate the bill.” -roger c.
 



highly recommend
“i highly recommend them and will use them again for any electrical work i need.” -david c.
 













local electrical contractors in san jose
fully licensed and insured
for all your home or business electrical services, turn to delta electric, a dependable company that offers superior service, years of experience, and a long list of satisfied customers. our certified electrical technicians are highly trained to handle minimal to more serious issues, helping your electricity function at its best. since 1982, we have delivered quality service in the san jose and surrounding areas and we may be able to do the same for you. find out by contacting us at 408-224-0176 and speaking with a member of our team.
 we offer a wide range of electrical installations and services for residential , mobile and commercial properties including the following: 

custom lighting
electrical panel upgrades
residential remodeling
commercial remodeling
aluminum wiring
safety inspections
grounding
re-wiring
dedicated circuits










superior service since 1982
in each job we handle, our reliable electrical contractors bring a higher standard of knowledge, skill, and necessary tools for electrical upgrades, home electrical panels, indoor lighting installation, outdoor lighting installation, lighting fixtures, electrical troubleshooting and electrical repair services. as locals of the area, we take pride in the work we do and we want to deliver results you are completely satisfied with. part of this includes quality control and we use our own employees to better ensure our performance is first rate.
why choose our company for your electrical installations?

more than 32 years of experience bbb a+ rating
wide range of services provided
24 hour emergency service so you can always get help
we are fully licensed and insured in california
reasonable rates provided and no hidden charges
free estimates for installations
family owned and operated
operating since 1982
commercial and residential services
 







quality electricians in san jose, ca
there are many advantages to choosing us as your emergency electrician. one of the best ways to find out if we are the right choice for you is by speaking with a member of our team, requesting a free estimate, and comparing us to the other companies out there. our online specials are designed to save you money! we have full confidence that you will see for yourself the preeminent standard of work that we provide. for service you can trust, contact us at 408-224-0176.                















 


















home
electrical services
faqs
online specials
service area
about us
blog
contact us
 




 

find us online:













delta electric



we offer a full range of electrical services, such as repair and installation, to both homeowners & businesses.


working hours 
mon-fri: 08:00 am-04:00 pm 












 724 colleen dr,  san jose, ca 95123  
408.224.0176




















							electrical services in san jose. delta electric. ©2018 all rights reserved.						


privacy policy
site map
 












 



 
















