   angry alien productions: 30-second bunnies theatre and other cartoons.                 the 30-second bunnies theatre library   ... in which a troupe of bunnies parodies a collection of movies by re-enacting them in 30 seconds, more or less..    30 days of night alien back to the future the bigchill the birds black christmas blade runner borat the cabin in the woods caddyshack cannibal holocaust  casablanca  a christmas carol (1951) a christmas story christmas vacation a clockwork orange die hard evil dead ii the exorcist fight club the fly (1986) freaks freddy vs. jason gone with the wind goodfellas grindhouse halloween harry potter part 1 harry potter part 2 hellraiser highlander the human centipede insidious it (2017) it's awonderful life james bondmedley jaws jurassic park kill bill king kong the last exorcism march of the penguins the monster squad my dinner with andre napoleon dynamite new moon night of the living dead nocountry for old men office space paranormal activity pirates of the caribbean 1 and 2 poltergeist the princess bride pulp fiction raiders ofthe lost ark reservoir dogs bleeped reservoir dogsunbleeped the ring rocky the rocky horror picture show rudolph the red-nosed reindeer saw scream the shining the silence of the lambs snakes on aplane spiderman 1and 2 spiderman 3 star trek ii: the wrath of khan star wars superbad superman suspiria teeth the terminator titanic top gun trick 'r treat tucker and dale vs. evil twilight tx chainsaw massacre the war ofthe worlds when harry met sally the wizard of oz the wolf man (1941) young frankenstein       news (winter 2025) hi friends, hope you're all well! 
i am drawing/writing a mystery adventure graphic novel called world's end detective agency.  and i  am working on the final draft!! hurray!! check out details in a public patreon post. join as a patron there to help fund my creative endeavors...or help out using paypal! click here to
contribute!
 
i have a new portfolio site on cara.

backstory: in spring 2020, i concluded 2 lovely seasons of bunny re-enactments. the most recent season (wherein i partnered with tv news site primetimer.com), saw the bunnification of five breakout tv episodes! including:
the (original) twilight zone buns! (winner of our viewers' choice event)! season 5, ep. 3: "nightmare at 20,000 feet"
 
...as well as the festivus episode of seinfeld!

preceded by...s1e1 of the walking dead ("days gone bye")!


prior to that was: episode 1 of stranger things s1!


and the start of the season...game of thrones buns!



here is the cartoon announcement i made about the 2019-20 tv buns season.


notice certain re-enactments missing? in the spirit of combating racism and hate in daily american life, i have taken stock of my 30-second bunnies theatre parody library and decided to shelve certain re-enactments containing arguably racist content. even though my intention was never to cause offense, i see now that even parodies can perpetuate racism and cause harm. therefore i have removed the following re-enactments from the collection:
godzilla bunnies
the grudge bunnies
pirates 3 bunnies
sixteen candles bunnies
i have also removed brokeback mountain bunnies due to an offensive, tacked-on ending scene. i do not want to perpetuate homophobic content, either.
i deeply apologize and will work to stay vigilant in any future content i create.

other projects: 


- i completed a short animated excerpt from the
ombudsman webcomic: the inventor! more about baldwin p. leninforth, ombudsman.

 pic of me from
denver comic con (photo courtesy erik larsen)


support me on patreon! or via a paypal donation.
thanks!

bunnies on instagram
world's end detective agency on instagram
- about me

- the
bunnies in the press

- bunny re-enactment request list

- bunnies faq | angry alien faq 


dig this sweet game: spiro! created by bunny voice and game developer
extraordinaire doug
mcinnes. spiro is 13k of pure analog tempest power! check out this
excellent html5 zombie game, dead valley he
also created. here's a video of game play. and now you can find it on the
google chrome web
store!

  30-second bunnies
theatre won two webby awards for online film and video/animation, plus
the people's voice award in that category!

hooray! we've exceeded 1 billion page views since the site began (and
since i started keeping track some time in 2001)...thank you for your
viewership!!

i want to say thank you to everyone who's written in with such kind
words and great requests.  i read every single email that comes through
here, and your correspondence means more to me (and the bunnies) than i
can express. thank you very much! 
     about me | press | support my work on patreon! | contact     