     new & used ford dealership in dundee, mi | spirit ford                                                     
                  spirit ford, inc.        sales 734-746-4014    service 734-746-4064  parts 734-746-4003      4402 ann arbor roaddundee, mi 48131                            service        map        contact                       spirit ford, inc.             call 734-746-4014   directions                  home   new   new vehicles   ford courtesy vehicles   model showroom   custom order   new f-150 inventory   new escape inventory   new explorer inventory   new edge inventory   new bronco sport inventory   value your trade   ford trucks for sale     used   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   certified pre-owned overview   value your trade   used ford explorer inventory   used ford f-150 inventory     spirit ford trade-in   specials   specials   ford lease deals   escape lease deal   explorer lease deal   f-150 lease deal   ford courtesy vehicles     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   parts brand   shop ford parts   service department   order parts   tires   fordpass   car repair   ford pickup & delivery     credit application   credit application   finance department     body shop   body shop   vehicle detail pricing     research   research   2024 ford maverick   learn more: explorer   learn more: escape   learn more: bronco sport   learn more: mustang   learn more: edge   learn more: ford f-150   learn more: ford expedition   learn more: ford mustang mach-e   ford protect   maverick vs f-150     about us   about us   careers   hours & directions   contact us   serving toledo, oh   meet our staff   serving monroe, mi     public ev charging                   home   new   new vehicles   ford courtesy vehicles   model showroom   custom order   new f-150 inventory   new escape inventory   new explorer inventory   new edge inventory   new bronco sport inventory   value your trade   ford trucks for sale     used   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   certified pre-owned overview   value your trade   used ford explorer inventory   used ford f-150 inventory     spirit ford trade-in   specials   specials   ford lease deals   escape lease deal   explorer lease deal   f-150 lease deal   ford courtesy vehicles     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   parts brand   shop ford parts   service department   order parts   tires   fordpass   car repair   ford pickup & delivery     credit application   credit application   finance department     body shop   body shop   vehicle detail pricing     research   research   2024 ford maverick   learn more: explorer   learn more: escape   learn more: bronco sport   learn more: mustang   learn more: edge   learn more: ford f-150   learn more: ford expedition   learn more: ford mustang mach-e   ford protect   maverick vs f-150     about us   about us   careers   hours & directions   contact us   serving toledo, oh   meet our staff   serving monroe, mi     public ev charging             

















     vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       
















credit application











schedule service











view specials











      search new inventory     search used inventory                                                        disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                     

       choose your vehicle      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      transit         




shop certified

       

welcome to spirit ford
in dundee, mi
thanks for taking some time out of your day to stop by spirit ford! as active members of the dundee community, we definitely know a thing or two about all that goes into enjoying life in the southeast michigan area. whether you are exploring all that nature has to offer in sterling state park or cheering on the wolverines up in ann arbor as they take on the competition in "the big house," one thing is certain: there are plenty of ways to enjoy life here in dundee.
more about us

     





f-150
tougher than before. smarter than ever.
the all-new f-150 is purpose-built from the ground up, redesigned to be the toughest, most productive f-150 ever. this is what happens when you merge premium-grade muscle with finely tuned intelligence and design. the 2021 north american truck of the year.
find yours


     



follow us on social media


                  


     

dealership hours
    monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed    






offering drivers in the monroe region the quality service they deserve, spirit ford is the choice of locals because of the sensational service our team delivers. drivers in dundee, ann arbor, toledo, blissfield, and all across the region know to come to us when they want a dealership experience better than the competition can offer.



spirit ford: quality vehicles at low prices



you want to get the best value for your money when shopping for a vehicle, and that's exactly what shopping at our dealership will give you. all of the vehicles you'll find in our inventory are backed by the quality we guarantee in everything we sell. you can rest assured that whatever you choose from our extensive inventory, you'll get a vehicle that exceeds all your needs.




top-selling models we offer

f-150

there's no truck more popular than the f-150 in the country, and it's easy to see why when you get behind the wheel of this thoroughly impressive truck. the powerful towing capacity this truck boasts and the impressive amount of room in the truck bed will make it easy for you to haul anything you need.


explorer

take command of the road with the imposing attitude that the explorer puts on display. this large suv has seating for up to seven and a generous-sized cargo area, giving you plenty of room to get done whatever you need to do on your busy day.


bronco

like taking your adventures off-road? then the bronco might just be the perfect vehicle for you. the ready-for-anything 4x4 capability of this vehicle will have you overcoming difficult terrain with ease, opening up new possibilities for where your journeys can take you next.




superduty

when a light-duty truck won't cut it for the job you have on your hands, you need the extra strength that the superduty puts at your command to reach your goals. the incredible horsepower and torque that this vehicle puts at your disposal will have you taking on any job with confidence, no matter how big or small the task at hand is.


escape

breaking conventions set by competitors' suvs, the escape isn't afraid to do things its own way. the high-tech sync 4 technology that you'll have at your fingertips when you're riding in this vehicle will put you in charge of a connected experience that gives you everything you need from a modern vehicle.




service and financing

service you can count on

you need your vehicle in top shape to give you the performance you expect on the road, and the mechanics in our service department can help you achieve that goal. whether you're coming in for routine service or need more serious work done, we'll treat your vehicle like it was our own so you get the results you need.


financing for everybody

we pride ourselves on working with drivers of all different credit scores and financial backgrounds to help them achieve their driving goals. no matter what happened in your financial past, come to us to get a loan that will give you a fair deal for paying off your vehicle.

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures spirit ford, inc. | 4402 ann arbor road, dundee, mi 48131 | sales: 734-746-4014 |                


















              