











coastalguide.com - coastal carolina photo tours and travel information















favorites
























outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





ocracoke fishing guide





crystal coast fishing guide





shackleford banks wild horses





top 10 crystal coast attractions





scenic spots in morehead city





top 10 attractions in morehead city





top 10 things to do in new bern





new bern museums





top 10 new bern attractions





top 10 things to do in wilmington, nc





top 10 attractions in wilmington, nc





wrightsville beach guide
















albemarle, nc area
our coverage of the albemarle, nc area includes elizabeth city, edenton, hertford, columbia, and the outer banks







elizabeth city, nc
elizabeth city, located in the northeastern corner of the state and part of the newly famed "inner banks," has developed a reputation as an up-and-comer on the north carolina tourism scene. with a growing cultural and arts center that features museums, theaters, a conference center, and a world of other amenities, eastern north carolina visitors are taking a second look at this otherwise small town, and are being pleasantly surprised by all the amenities and attractions that this coastal community has to offer.









hertford, nc
traditional southern hospitality and small-town living is carefully preserved in quiet and undiscovered hertfort, north carolina. this prototypical small town has a world of amenities and attractions just waiting to be discovered by curious newcomers who venture off the main highway, including numerous historic sites, a charming downtown, and miles of riverfront water views.







columbia, nc
the small town of columbia, located approximately 45 miles west of the outer banks, is a rising star along the central north carolina coastline. an anchor of the informally named "inner banks" region, this small community of less than 1,000 residents is slowly becoming a destination all its own, even landing a feature article in north carolina's renowned our state magazine. the sudden growing interest is due to a number of features, not the least of which are breathtaking scenery, incredible wildlife, and a host of attractions, both old and new, that are ripe for exploring.









pamlico, nc area
the pamlico area of north carolina includes the small and rural towns of washington, bath, belhaven, oriental and havelock, as well as the city of new bern.







bath, nc
small and sleepy, visitors won't find too much action or excitement in bath, but the incredible waterfront views, historical homes that are carefully preserved, and an all-around southern charm has made this small town a popular destination with weekend vacationers who want to enjoy the genuine peace and quiet. for a relaxing day trip or a quiet escape, discover north carolina's oldest town - a community that, despite its wild history, remains relatively unchanged population-wise from its original incorporation over 300 years ago.









washington, nc
the town of washington is rapidly becoming one of the highlights of north carolina's inner banks due to its small town charm, incredible location along the pamlico river, and eclectic blend of boutiques, restaurants, and attractions. this small community of just under 10,000 residents has a maritime culture all its own, with dozens of colorful crab statues lining the downtown streets, hundreds of boats, big and small, lining the waterfront, and miles of open tar and pamlico river views, extending in virtually every direction. quaint and quiet, but with enough activity to keep anyone entertained, washington is an ideal long weekend retreat for visitors who want to experience the heart and unique culture of coastal eastern north carolina.







new bern, nc
the small inner banks city of new bern has gained popularity among north carolina visitors over the years, and for good reason. the picturesque town with outstanding trent and neuse river views in virtually all directions boasts a thriving downtown, a state-of-the-art convention center, and enough historical attractions and homes to fill up a week's worth of walking tours. chock full of southern hospitality, a surprisingly famous legacy, and a world of arts and culture, a getaway to the town of new bern allows visitors to get a taste of coastal north carolina heritage while exploring the inner banks at its very best.









havelock, nc
while the small town of havelock is often overshadowed by its crystal coast neighbors, the city is nonetheless a prime waterfront retreat for eastern north carolina visitors who want to experience the real everyday life of the inner banks. home to the renowned marine corps air station at cherry point, the expansive and wild pine cliff recreational area, and a small handful of shops and restaurants that shine a light on the local culture, havelock is a fun day trip for nature lovers, military buffs, and anyone who wants an inside glimpse into the real, hardworking coastal carolina.







cape fear, nc area
welcome to a north carolina region where the antebellum south meets modern art, and local southern hospitality mixes with movie stars. wilmington is one of the most unique towns along the carolina coastline, as it combines all the attributes of an engaging southern town into one distinctive and altogether exceptional community. artists, actors, professional beach bums, tourists, and college students all congregate in wilmington, and the end result is an incredible destination that has something for everyone.









bald head island, nc
bald head island, a roughly 5 square mile southern north carolina barrier island that extends into the atlantic ocean, may be a small and secluded island destination, but it makes up for its size with a world of exclusive and elite vacation style.







oak island, nc
visitors will find an easy-to-get-to beach paradise at oak island, an expansive but peaceful retreat that's located an easy drive away from southport, wilmington, and other inland north carolina communities. both the main town and the island itself share the name of "oak island," and while the town extends slightly inland, encompassing the cape fear regional jetport, the rest of the community is cut off from the world by the long elizabeth river, and a network of salty creeks and canals. this watery gap may not be particularly wide, but visitors will feel the change as soon as they cross over the bridge. once ashore, oak island is a picturesque landscape of charming vacation rental homes, cool seafood restaurants and shops, and miles of ocean shoreline.









ocean isle beach, nc
accommodating and altogether fun, ocean isle beach is a favorite family-friendly destination for vacationers from all over the east coast. well stocked with fantastic beaches, challenging area golf courses, great fishing, local attractions, acclaimed restaurants, and virtually every amenity a beach lover could ask for, this barrier island community clearly has it all. with the added bonus of an easy-to-get-to location just over the intracoastal waterway, visitors will find plenty to love about this exemplary north carolina beach town.







sunset beach, nc
sunset beach is a unique little north carolina coastal destination that encompasses both mainland and barrier island terrain, and is located just a seashell's throw from the south carolina border. despite its proximity to larger destinations like wilmington, nc to the north and myrtle beach, sc to the south, the community has never lost its small town charm, and its decidedly beachy atmosphere, making it an ideal destination for laid back vacationers who want to soak up the salt, the sun, and the endless ocean views.









morehead city, nc
the morehead city waterfront and downtown area go together hand in hand, in fact, with a number of marinas and docking spaces available for travelers who are arriving by boat. several marinas, including the morehead city yacht basin, the portside marina, and the spooners creek marina, call this section of the inner banks home, and the town of morehead city even has its own public docking facilities, newly completed, with deep water slips that are close to arendell street, one of the major streets that runs along morehead city in the heart of the downtown region.







beaufort, nc
the coastal town of beaufort has quickly become one of the most popular vacation destinations for inner banks travelers and boating enthusiasts of all varieties, and for good reason. the small 2.7 mile town, (surrounded by nearly a mile of water), is a vacationer and maritime lover's dream, with a hearty downtown scene lined with shops, galleries, and acclaimed restaurants, in addition to dozens of maritime supply stores.









emerald isle, nc
the long barrier island that borders central north carolina is known by a wide range of nicknames, including the "crystal coast," "bogue banks," and "emerald isle." this last moniker, which is probably most of the most frequent terms for the stretch of coastline from atlantic beach to the western edge of the island, just happens to share its name with the island's westernmost town, emerald isle.







pine knoll shores, nc
the oceanside community of pine knoll shores is a shining example of the crystal coast beach scene. filled with charming vacation rentals, natural preserves, an acclaimed country club, and little else to draw attention away from the postcard perfect beaches, pine knoll shores is a perfect beach lover's retreat. located in between the western beaches of emerald isle and bustling atlantic beach, this beach town is just a five minute drive away from the atlantic beach causeway, (the bridge which connects the mainland with the bogue banks), and yet feels miles away from everyday mainland life.









low country, sc area
the coastal "low country" area of south carolina includes myrtle beach, pawley's island, georgetown, mt. pleasant, charleston, isle of palms, sullivan's island, beaufort and hilton head island.







myrtle beach, sc
myrtle beach visitors certainly never have to worry about finding things to do. this southern vacation paradise has been hailed as one of the biggest vacation destinations on the eastern seaboard, and the collection of beachside towns that make up the "grand strand," specifically myrtle beach, north myrtle beach, murrells inlet, surfside beach, and garden city, welcome millions of visitors every year for the white sand beaches and the overwhelming atmosphere of endless fun.









georgetown, sc
like many of coastal south carolina's smaller cities, georgetown has a big personality and an eclectic character all its own, which initially allures visitors, and then entices them to stay for the authentic southern charm and a uniquely modern southern style. known for centuries as one of the nation's leaders in industrial pursuits and business, today georgetown still serves as a manufacturing hub with a world of attractions and activities waiting for visitors to discover on and off the water.







charleston, sc
south carolina's oldest city is arguably also one of its most charming, inviting, and altogether purely fun. a collection of historic structures that pre-date the birth of america, opulent gardens and mansions open to the public, and some of the best shopping, dining, and lodging options in the southeast, it's easy to see why this ancient southern town is one of the most popular tourism destinations in the state.









sullivan's island, sc
sullivan's island is arguably a south carolina beach lover's paradise. with a laid-back atmosphere and little development, the town is a mecca for busy charleston urbanites, part-time resident retirees and vacationing families from all over the east coast. though just 3.3 square miles in area, with little commercialization besides a handful of galleries and restaurants, this small barrier island nonetheless has a big reputation as one of the best family-friendly destinations along the carolina coastline, and thousands of visitors or part-time residents flock to the area every year for a refreshing day trip, or a much needed weeklong break from the daily grind.







beaufort, sc
beaufort is, at its heart, a small southern town with a big population, that's chock-full of historical sites, a thriving arts scene, and plentiful attractions, which are readily available for curious newcomers to explore. smaller than its' northern south carolina neighbor charleston, beaufort nonetheless has a far-reaching reputation as one of the most historically relevant and undeniably charming towns along the eastern coastline.










rainy day activities in new bern


a rainy day is no reason to stop the fun in new bern. with a treasure trove of museums, unique downtown destinations, and plenty of kid-friendly activities, an overcast day never puts a damper on a new bern vacation. in need of a little inspiration? then check out these attractions and activities that are always worth a trip, rain or shine.








oriental history


what we now know as oriental was first settled about 1870 by louis b. midyette. he took shelter in the area's natural harbor on the neuse river and the mouth of smith creek when he was blown off course on his way to new bern.










surf fishing guide


when it comes to surf fishing, it’s hard to beat the coastline of north carolina. well known for hundreds of miles of beaches where record-breaking catches are landed on a regular basis, the north carolina shoreline is arguably one of the top destinations for surf fishermen from all across the country. so if you are new to the n.c. coastline, or just want to brush up on your surf fishing insight, take a closer look at everything you need to know about casting from the coast, and get ready for plenty of opportunities to reel in the catch of a lifetime.








new bern camping and rv parks


whether a visitor craves a rustic environment that’s bordered by miles of croatan national forest, or a more holiday-infused atmosphere with plenty of amenities, new bern is the place to go. with a hopping downtown that’s filled with attractions, the campgrounds in the new bern area are close to dozens of sites and destinations, while serving as their own little “getaways” with extras like exceptional views, community pools, local beaches, and much more.










downtown morehead city, nc


many of the inner banks and crystal coast communities, like beaufort and new bern, are known for their scenic waterfronts, and downtown morehead city is certainly no exception. not to be outdone, in the 1980s, the town underwent an expansive renovation that turned its waterfront docks and downtown brick buildings just a block or so away into a revitalized area that is scenic, diverse, and can offer visitors a boatload of entertainment, both on and off the water.








shelling


if you know where to look, the outer banks can be a beachcomber's paradise. with miles of shoreline to explore, hidden beaches that are relatively untouched, and literally piles of shells washing up on the beaches after a storm, shelling on the obx beaches is simply a matter of timing and area expertise.










hatteras island


head south over the herbert c. bonner bridge, or take the hatteras / ocracoke ferry from ocracoke island, and you'll land on the shores of hatteras island.








beaufort, nc shelling


beaufort may be best known as a cool and coastal small town, but a trip to this barely inland community can also easily entail a day at the beach, which means that beachcombers are just a shell’s throw away from a full morning or afternoon of finding an assortment of gems along the seashore. close to hopping beach towns like atlantic beach, as well as quieter shorelines like the shackleford banks where the seashells wash up in waves, beaufort is a fine starting point for a wide array of shelling adventures that can result in unforgettable, natural souvenirs that vacationers will treasure for years to come.










things to do in carova


despite the limited development, carova visitors who appreciate and adore the great outdoors will find plenty of ways to stay entertained.be sure and enjoy the following activities on your next carova vacation, and make the most out of your visit to the outer banks' most wild region.








fishing in kill devil hills, nc


the outer banks began as a fisherman's paradise and continues its reputation today as one of the best fishing destinations on the east coast. in kill devil hills, anglers will find plenty of good catches on the beaches, from the pier, and even in the open albemarle sound waters, making the town a great, central locale to cast a line.










wadmalaw island


despite its expansive size and proximity to the major tourist destinations of charleston, kiawah island, seabrook island, and folly beach, wadmalaw island is a refreshingly unpopulated, quiet, and authentically local realm of the south carolina region, with just a couple of surprises for visitors hidden under acres of live oaks.








new bern history


throughout its more than three centuries of existence, new bern is a city that has seen tremendous highs and devastating lows. from its original stature as the capital of north carolina, to its rise to fame as the birthplace of pepsi, new bern has had more than its fair share of incredible events, which makes it a delightful destination for any visitor who appreciates american history. discover the stories that are hidden in plain sight throughout this coastal town, and see why when it comes to historical importance and local legacy, new bern is hard to beat.










fun facts about nags head


check out our list of fun facts about nags head.








elizabeth ii


anyone with a fascination of history and america's european roots will love a day exploring the elizabeth ii, a historic 16th century sailing vessel that is docked along the borders of the roanoke island festival park. this ship can be admired by virtually anyone who takes a stroll along the downtown manteo waterfront, as it sticks out like a sore thumb amidst the modern day sail boats, yachts, and fishing boats that are docked nearby. the wooden exterior and brightly colored tudor flags sail in the breeze, and the sight of the resting ship certainly feels like a step back in time.










top 10 attractions in wilmington, nc


with centuries of history, a coveted arts scene, and a brilliant setting against the cape fear river, wilmington’s inherent legacy and culture produces a stellar collection of attractions that will entice any visitor. discover a port community where the past meets an artful present, and be sure that these must-see attractions are on your list to fully experience this amazing city from the inside out.








shelling near morehead city, nc


one of the best attributes of morehead city for many longtime vacationers is that this central crystal coast town is close to everything the southern outer banks has to offer. and when it comes to beachcombing, this means that shell seekers will be a quick drive or water taxi away from some of the most promising and coveted beaches along the north carolina coastline.










new bern fishing


because new bern is wonderfully close to two major rivers – the neuse and the trent rivers – the community is a paradise for anglers of all varieties, featuring ample access to saltwater species, brackish and / or freshwater species, and even great offshore species just 45 miles away or so, virtually every variety of fishing can be enjoyed in this region of coastal north carolina. from dropping a line off a local pier in one of new bern’s scenic public parks, to embarking on a full-day gulf stream adventure, the new bern fishing scene can be as relaxed or as ambitious as an angler wants – with plenty of great catches to go around.








georgetown, sc history


the tidelands of georgetown county, south carolina have hosted inhabitants for the past 50,000 years. imagine the same beaches, swamps, salt marshes and forest land that we have today undisturbed by roadway and highrises.










top activities for kids in wilmington, nc


wilmington is brimming with activities that are ideal for the younger crowd. from amazing tours on the cape fear river to a host of sites and attractions that are ideal for kids, keeping everyone in the family – especially the youngest members – is a breeze in this engaging town. start your family-friendly expeditions by ensuing that these amazing activities and destinations are on your vacationing agenda. with so many adventures waiting to be discovered, it’s no wonder that wilmington continually lands on the top of the list of kid friendly north carolina vacation spots.








new bern nc marinas, boat ramps, charters and tours


with a fantastic locale that borders the intersection of the trent and neuse rivers, new bern is a prime destination for mariners of all varieties. whether a visitor wants to explore the local waters for an afternoon, or an adventurer needs a place to rest for a couple nights during a long trek along the intracoastal waterway, new bern has everything a boating enthusiast could require to enjoy ample time on the water.










scenic spots in beaufort, nc


vacationers on the hunt for stunning scenery won’t have to look very far when they land in beaufort, nc. well known for its vibrant downtown region, its centuries-deep historical roots, and its location that is literally surrounded by water, finding a spot to sit and enjoy a picturesque view is a breeze in this barely-coastal destination.








bath, nc


the small community of bath hasn't changed that much since it was officially established in 1705, and locals and long-time visitors wouldn't have it any other way. the small town, barely over a square mile in area, hugs the waterfront of the pamlico river and bath creek in virtually every direction, and is well stocked with historic residences and buildings that pay tribute to a rich history filled with pirates, indian wars, and fierce political rivalries.










atlantic beach, nc vacation guide


atlantic beach, arguably one of the most visited beach towns along the crystal coast, is a longstanding favorite destination for coastal fun in the sun. a perfect little representation of the north carolina beach scene, this oceanfront town is an easy locale for a day-trip, a long weekend, of a full week's vacation, with loads of amenities, entertainment, and of course, those famous emerald isle beaches.








ocracoke ferry system


ocracoke is separated from the rest of the world by the 20+ mile wide pamlico sound, which means that the only way to access the island is via a personal vessel, or more commonly, by a north carolina state ferry.










activities for kids


there may not be any major amusement parks or shopping malls on ocracoke island, but kids seem to have no problem staying entertained. on your next ocracoke island vacation, be sure and visit these fun, educational and altogether engaging kid-friendly ocracoke activities and destinations.








surfing on the outer banks


forget hawaii and california - on the east coast, the best place for surf is on the outer banks, and this region is renowned as one of the best surfing destinations from new york to florida. surfers from all over the country and the world flock to the outer banks for the annual esa tournament, or just after a storm swell, to paddle out to the atlantic and enjoy some of the best waves on the coast.










activities for kids in new bern


from wide open outdoor spaces to cool museums that cater to little visitors, new bern truly is a paradise for kids. combining education and culture with miles of fun, kids will have a blast discovering all the different things to do in this charming inner banks town, and are sure to enjoy a vacation that’s filled with activities and memories that will last a lifetime.








fishing in currituck


fishing is exceptional in currituck county due to the miles of ocean shoreline and the 30-mile wide currituck sound, which has the surprising distinction of being able to accommodate both freshwater and saltwater species.










things to do in kill devil hills


kill devil hills is arguably one of the busiest summertime towns in the outer banks, due to its wide collection of shops, restaurants, and off-the-beach entertainment options.








museums near wrightsville beach


because of wrightsville beach’s long legacy as a hot vacation destination, as well as its proximity to a collection of historically or environmentally significant sites, the community is close to a wealth of museums where furthering an area education is always a fun adventure. dedicate an afternoon or two to checking out these area museums for an opportunity to fully discover the cape fear region – from its early roots to its current status as one of the most unique corners of the carolinas.










hatteras history


hatteras island has been occupied for more than 1,500 years, and as a result, the small barrier island is filled with historic sites, headline-grabbing events, and impressive archeological finds.








rainy day activities in carova


carova is an outdoor lover's oasis, but on a rainy day, carova vacationers can make a quick trip down the beach to corolla and duck to explore all the fun indoor activities and sites that the outer banks has to offer.










camping near morehead city


from the rustic barrier islands that are located offshore, to the mainland parks that resemble full scale resorts, there’s no shortage of options when it comes to camping in the morehead city region. best of all, because this coastal town is wonderfully close to local beaches, national forests or national refuges, hopping coastal towns, and everything in between, it’s easy to craft the camping adventure of a lifetime with a trip to this central crystal coast region.








little lollipop bay


little lollipop bay is a small oval-shaped bay that lies just north of the us 74 / wrightsville beach bridge. the small enclosure of water, surrounded by vacation rental homes with private docks and fishing piers, is a popular launching point for novice kayakers, windsurfers and kiteboarders who want to enjoy a quick paddle in a safe location, or experienced boaters who want a fast way to head out to the deserted, and barely-above-water islands in between wilmington and wrightsville beach.










mt. pleasant, sc


the sunny community of mt. pleasant is often overlooked by its more famous neighbor to the south, charleston, but this large suburban town has a wealth of authentic southern charm, history, activities and dining options that are sure to keep any south carolina newcomer completely entertained.








new bern museums


from extensive complexes that will keep visitors engaged for hours, to charming and historic destinations that are stocked with period antiques, new bern’s museums are a major reason why visitors return to this region year after year. discover all the ways to soak up the local history, culture, and centuries of stories, and pay a visit to these museums that will fascinate visitors of all ages, and all interests.










currituck sound


currituck county is effectively comprised of more water than land, thanks to the 30-mile long currituck sound.








top 10 things to do on the outer banks


every vacation destination has its own unique draw to potential visitors, whether it's a national monument, a fantastic shopping or dining scene, or an exotic locale that's meant for total relaxation. many newcomers to the outer banks are surprised to learn that this destination has all of these attributes and more, and it can be hard to narrow down the overflowing list of "must-sees" or "must-dos" that have to be squeezed into a 1-2 week obx vacation.










downtown wilmington, nc


for many visitors, the waterfront downtown region is where the action is in wilmington, and an extended visit to this area is the highlight, if not the majority, of a great wilmington vacation. downtown wilmington is steeped in history, filled with attractions, and offers all the enticing restaurants and shops of a major city, while retaining its small-town coastal charm.








bogue sound


the bogue sound is one of the primary enticing backdrops on the crystal coast. bordering all of the coastal beach towns from emerald isle to atlantic beach, and serving as a popular portion of the intracoastal waterway that cruises through this coastal carolina region, the bogue sound is arguably the most popular – and the most visited – sound along the entirety of the crystal coast.










biking the outer banks


outer banks vacationers may come for the gorgeous beaches, but often they come back again and again for the attractions and activities off the sand. because of the outer banks' mixture of natural landscapes and historical attractions, one of the best ways to truly explore this 150 mile stretch of north carolina shoreline is on bicycle.








stand-up paddle boarding (sup)


stand-up paddle boarding (sup) may be considered one of the outer bank's newest crazes to hit the water, but the sport itself is actually centuries old, originating in the hawaiian and polynesian islands as an easy-going mode of transportation from one waterfront beach to another.










ocracoke wild horses


seasoned visitors to ocracoke island love to soak in its rich heritage and culture which dates back to the 1500s, and features some legendary and longstanding residents. some of the most popular ocracoke locals are the wild ponies, which are protected in a secluded 180 acre area enclosure on the soundside of the cape hatteras national seashore, but can still be enjoyed by anyone passing through the island on nc highway 12.








outer banks nature spots


with 150 miles of pristine coastline, and some of the east coast's largest swaths of undisturbed maritime forest, the outer banks is a popular destination for nature lovers. as an important spot on america's "flyway," which is the route that migrating birds take on their northern and southern treks across the country, the outer banks is the temporary home to hundreds of species of birds. combine this with the number of deer, foxes, waterfowl, fish, turtles, and even alligators, and it's clear that the outer banks is truly a wild vacation destination.










activities for kids


kill devil hills is ideal for kids, thanks to a collection of on and off-the-beach activities, and a central locale that makes a trip to neighboring outer banks attractions a breeze. take a break from the sandcastle building, and discover these sites, attractions and activities that are sure to keep little hands busy








blackbeard and other pirates


the southern outer banks, particularly ocracoke island, is notorious as the stomping grounds for some of history's most infamous pirates. notable swashbucklers from calico jack to anne bonney and mary reed, arguably the most famous women pirates, have made a splash in this area, robbing privateers blind and making intricate, sneaky escapes in the inlets and soundside waters off of these barrier islands.










activities for kids in morehead city


there’s a lot for kids to see and explore in morehead city, which is known as the center of - or gateway to - the crystal coast region. from hands-on museums to an eclectic collection of shops and eateries, the area’s youngest visitors can expect to enjoy miles of fun in every direction when morehead city serves as a central launching point for a kid-friendly adventure.








downtown swansboro


downtown swansboro certainly brings the town's mantra as the "friendly city by the sea" to life. home to a number of acclaimed art galleries, restaurants, shops, and fun events for locals and visitors alike during virtually any time of year, a visit to the community's busiest section of town is sure to be a highlight of any eastern north carolina vacation.










parris island


the parris island marine corps base is easily one of the most recognizable marine corps bases in the country, if not the world, even though it is located on a small and undeveloped island on the outskirts of coastal south carolina.








hatteras inlet


the southernmost attraction on hatteras island is hatteras inlet, and fishermen, mariners, beachcombers, and island lovers all know this area of the outer banks shoreline very well. located approximately half mile past the edge of the populated hatteras village and the hatteras/ ocracoke ferry docks, hatteras inlet provides plenty of outdoor entertainment and simply incredible scenery for those who pull up a beach chair, or are just passing through en route to ocracoke island or the gulf stream.










villages of hatteras island


there are seven villages on hatteras island, including the "tri-villages" of rodanthe, waves and salvo, which are located adjacent to each other, and essentially feel like one, long town.








ocean isle beach, nc vacation guide


accommodating and altogether fun, ocean isle beach is a favorite family-friendly destination for vacationers from all over the east coast. well stocked with fantastic beaches, challenging area golf courses, great fishing, local attractions, acclaimed restaurants, and virtually every amenity a beach lover could ask for, this barrier island community clearly has it all. with the added bonus of an easy-to-get-to location just over the intracoastal waterway, visitors will find plenty to love about this exemplary north carolina beach town.










folly beach


the seaside town of folly beach, and the barrier island of the same name, has a lot of lovingly applied nicknames from long-time locals and visitors alike. known as "one of the last real american beach towns," and "the edge of america," this family-friendly destination features a world of outdoor fun, entertainment, shopping and dining, conveniently located around every sand dune.








ocracoke's banker ponies


the ocracoke wild horses, or "banker ponies" are easily ocracoke's oldest residents, and have been plodding along the island for the last few hundred years. these famed horses are arguably one of the island's top attractions, and can be easily admired by any ocracoke visitor via a quick trip to the national park service's ocracoke pony pen.










downtown beaufort


beaufort's historic and altogether picturesque downtown is one of the most visited and most acclaimed town centers in the inner banks. filled with a history that intermingles seamlessly with acclaimed shops and restaurants, (as well as front row views of the activity at the expansive harbor front docks), this otherwise typical eastern north carolina town has become a favorite among inner banks visitors.








hatteras beach information


the hatteras island shoreline, from oregon inlet to hatteras inlet, is under the management of the cape hatteras national seashore. as a result, certain national park service (nps) rules and regulations apply for all hatteras island beach goers. review the following outline of beach information to ensure that your family has a safe and fun-filled day at the beach.










things to do in nags head


check out our list of things to do in the town of nags head








nags head area information


the modern-day bodie island region from nags head to oregon inlet is sparsely developed, but nevertheless a popular destination for nature lovers and anglers alike. visitors will find the following activities, attractions and amenities just miles away from the town borders of nags head, and all close to the distinguished bodie island lighthouse.










beaufort, nc kayaking


water lovers of all varieties are discovering that one of the best ways to explore this chic coastal town is from on on-the-water perspective, and there’s no better or accessible way to acquire this vantage point than via a kayak expedition.








outer banks birding


for bird lovers, the outer banks is hard to beat. this delicate chain of barrier islands is not only home to dozens of different native shorebirds, but also thousands of migrating birds who make a rest stop on the outer banks every year. add to this the fact that the islands have hundreds of miles of deserted beaches, maritime forest, and marshlands for species to quietly flourish, and it's clear that the outer banks is literally for the birds.










educational activities in morehead city


morehead city is surrounded by a centuries-deep maritime history, a wide array of unique coastal ecosystems, and a vibrant artistic culture, and as a result, it’s the perfect place to learn all about the crystal coast and beyond. from in-depth museums that are stocked with research materials to natural islands where the wild residents can be viewed up close and personal, every exploration seemingly contains a little education and a lot of fun in this wholly unique coastal town.








scenic spots in wilmington, nc


from antebellum mansions that steal the scene, to stunning waterfront vistas that can be admired from the downtown streets, wilmington is a city that is brimming with beauty in every direction. on your next wilmington vacation, pack along your camera, and be sure and plan an outing to these iconic landmarks, parks, and attractions where the views are breathtaking, and the local landscape is simply unforgettable.










ocracoke island


when it comes to gorgeous beaches and laid-back charm, ocracoke island is often considered the gem of the outer banks. accessible only by boat, this small island has been separated from the rest of the world for centuries, and as a result, has one of the most unique beach atmospheres found anywhere along the coastline.








new bern history


founded in 1710 at the confluence of the trent and neuse rivers, new bern was settled by swiss and german adventurers led by baron christopher de graffenried from bern, switzerland. new bern is the second oldest town in the state. royal governor william tryon made this seaport his colonial capitol and residence, tryon palace, was built in 1770.










rainy day activities in wrightsville beach


a wrightsville beach vacation may center on long sunny days on the seashore, but the occasional rainy day presents a perfect opportunity to get out and about and discover the historically and culturally rich cape fear region. from top rated museums to fun activities the whole family will love, the cape fear region is brimming with things to do that can be enjoyed, rain or shine. use a rainy day as an opportunity to check out these destinations and attractions that will keep visitors entertained long after the sun comes out again.








wilmington nc museums


with its collegiate prestige and unique roots that extend from the antebellum era to modern day hollywood, it should come as no surprise that the museums that are found in and around wilmington are as diverse as the vibrant cityscape itself. expand your knowledge on everything from military history to scaly and scary reptiles by paying a visit to these acclaimed museums that call the wilmington region home.










cape fear river


while wilmington visitors will arguably enjoy the best views of the cape fear river, this distinctive river actually spreads out throughout most of the coastal and piedmont regions of north carolina, originating in the town of haywood, just north of greensboro, nc, and flowing all the way to the atlantic ocean.








fishing in hatteras, nc


hatteras island's first tourists were fishermen, and fishing along the 50 miles of shoreline has become an institution on the island that is still enjoyed today, in every season.










washington, nc history


explored in the late 1500s it was finally settled in 1690. james bonner started the town on his own farm in the 1770s. after serving in the continental army, bonner returned home and in 1776 renamed his town, originally called ''forks of the tar,'' for his commanding general, washington. the town boasts that it is the ''original washington.'' it was a major shipping port playing an important role in supplying the colonists when the british held savannah, charles town and wilmington under siege. prized for its good waters it became a major commercial and cultural center for nearly a century.








surfing the crystal coast


the southern outer banks are gaining popularity as a surfing destination, for newcomers to the sport and advanced borders alike. with mainly south or southeast facing beaches, and seasonal swells that are enhanced by passing tropical systems or nor’easters, surfers can catch the ride of a lifetime on the crystal coast if the timing and conditions are just right.










johns island


johns island is a unique region that sits almost directly in between the popular city of charleston and the barrier island beaches that border the atlantic shoreline. technically the largest island in the state of south carolina, this isle has more of a down-home, lowcountry feel with acres of flat terrain, a spread out population, and a surprisingly large number of natural, historical, and altogether entertaining attractions that can be found well off the beaten path, under spanish moss covered live oaks, lush vegetation, and south carolina's signature palmetto trees.








harkers island


vacationers who want to experience a slice of authentic “down east” culture will want to visit picturesque harker’s island. located just east of the town of beaufort and the crystal coast beaches, this small coastal community has retained its small-town charm throughout the centuries, and is a popular destination for fishermen, mariners, and anyone who appreciates a slower pace of life.










kill devil hills history


with the exception of local family stories and legends, kill devil hills' history is hard to trace prior to the wright brothers' historic first flight in 1903. in fact, even the origin of the town's fascinating name is not certain, and the many theories that surround the moniker involve pirates, shipwrecked buccaneers, and barrels of rum strong enough to "kill the devil."








wrightsville beach shelling


one of the most common questions from new visitors to wrightsville beach is “where can i find shells?” and while wrightsville beach can have decent shelling conditions, a little planning and timing may be required to find the true treasures that wash up on this section of the north carolina coastline. visitors who love beachcombing, however, will find ample options for catching a ride to the best shelling spots, or increasing their chances of finding a prize-worthy shell or two close to home. so bring along your bags and your sense of adventure on your next wrightsville beach vacation, and try your hand at uncovering some of the best souvenirs that atlantic ocean has to offer.












edenton, nc
the small town of edenton may very be one of the first inner banks destinations to rise to regional and even national fame as a stunning spot along coastal north carolina to enjoy a full, historic vacation, just a few short miles away from the atlantic ocean-facing beaches. the coastal community is a small town at heart with a deeply rich history and a big personality that is sure to charm anyone looking for a quiet but engaging weekend destination that's relatively close to home.







outer banks, nc
there's a reason why so many aspiring and professional photographers flock to the outer banks. ocean sunrises, sound sunsets, and miles of quiet wildlife in between create some breathtaking landscapes, ideal for photographers, painters, or plain-old vacationers who love an astounding view.







belhaven, nc
the little town of belhaven may be a blink-and-you'll-miss-it town, but eastern north carolina visitors who decide to take the long way home along us highway 264 will be rewarded with a visit to a picturesque waterfront town that is filled with historical and coastal charm. this small community of less than 2,000 residents has a prime location on the north shore of the pungo river, just eight miles away from the massive pamlico sound which separates north carolina's inner banks from its outer banks. as a result, visitors here will find exceptional fishing, incredible open water views, and a hardy, salty culture that is typical of north carolina's life on the water.







oriental, nc
many locals attest that oriental is a "contagious destination," where vehicular travelers via the two lane us 55, or maritime travelers along the neuse river or pamlico sound, tend to stop by for a night or two, and end up sticking around for an extended, if not permanent, stay. a salty and friendly community that is relatively isolated from the rest of the central inner banks, this small town is big on community spirit, and possesses a natural love of all things nautical that is evident around every boat dock, every waterfront boardwalk, and every winding creek.







southport, nc
southport has been hailed by north carolina locals and visitors alike as one of the most authentic and unique coastal communities along the shoreline, and it doesn't take long for newcomers to figure out why. the small, 2.2 square mile village is a stunning combination of historic residences, lush coastal landscaping, and miles of water in every direction, making it a both a quintessentially southern and maritime community with a distinct culture all its own.







holden beach, nc
holden beach is a gem of a vacation destination. accommodating a world of outdoor sports and interests, with crystal clear beaches that are uncrowded even during the busiest summer days, the island was recently ranked as one of the top family friendly beaches in the country. an ideal launching point for boating, kayaking, fishing, surfing, and any number of sandy and salty past times, holden beach is a nationally acclaimed barrier island that is a perfect escape for families who want to throw on the flip flops, spread out the beach towel, and enjoy the laid-back, coastal scene.







crystal coast, nc area
the beautiful crystal coast area includes morehead city, beaufort, atlantic beach, emerald isle, pine knoll shores, and swandboro, nc.







atlantic beach, nc
atlantic beach, arguably one of the most visited beach towns along the crystal coast, is a longstanding favorite destination for coastal fun in the sun. a perfect little representation of the north carolina beach scene, this oceanfront town is an easy locale for a day-trip, a long weekend, of a full week's vacation, with loads of amenities, entertainment, and of course, those famous emerald isle beaches. though atlantic beach is easily the busiest community along the emerald isle shoreline, it's also one of its most family-friendly, and newcomers will have no trouble finding a world of things to do both on and off the sand.







swansboro, nc
though not too many eastern nc visitors will encounter swansboro unless they are en route to the emerald isle shoreline, this small coastal town is most certainly worth a second look. one of the oldest towns along the crystal coast, and easily one of the most diverse, swansboro is a surprising paradise for any visitor who loves shopping, dining, kayaking, beaching, and ample waterfront views around virtually every city block. gradually growing a reputation as one of coastal carolina's best long weekend destinations, new visitors to emerald island or the crystal coast should definitely pull up anchor in historic swansboro for a day or two, and see for themselves what all the fuss is about.







pawley's island, sc
visitors who crave peace and quiet in a beach vacation will find isolated and scenic pawleys island a breath of fresh air. as one of the oldest resort areas along the eastern united states, this unimposing, quiet getaway still holds a well-earned reputation as one of the most scenic and relaxing parcels of shoreline along the south carolina grand strand.







isle of palms
when it comes to a well-deserved break from the everyday grind, charleston movers and shakers head to the isle of palms, a gorgeous 5.6 square mile barrier island that's just 12 miles away from the city, but feels miles away from the rest of the world. once on the island, (easily accessible via the isle of palms connecting bridge from the mainland town of mt. pleasant), life is a breath of fresh, salt air, as the island is purposely small with a modest handful of local inns, several hundred vacation rental homes, and miles of unpopulated atlantic ocean facing beaches.







hilton head island, sc
hilton head island is arguably one of the most popular beach towns along the southern carolina coast, with world class resorts and vacation rentals, gorgeous beaches, and plenty of entertainment available both on and off the beach. a regular on national "top ten vacation destination" lists, the island has an elite resort town feel that can easily cater to a wide range of tastes and interests.








rainy day activities in beaufort, nc


even a town as sunny as beaufort can be subjected to the occasional rainy day, but visitors will soon discover that a dreary afternoon is no reason to forego the fun in this small town destination that’s overflowing with on-site and neighboring activities. from cool and educational classes to some of the best eateries in eastern nc, beaufort is designed for entertainment inside and out. so if a rainy day happens to coincide with your upcoming beaufort vacation, use it as an excuse to discover these fascinating and engaging activities that can be effortlessly enjoyed, rain or shine.








wrightsville beach history


wrightsville beach is a family destination without the carnival atmosphere and maintains over 3000 permanent residents. that number swells to over 30,000 in the tourist season.








outer banks ferry system


decades ago, one of the only ways to access some of the most secluded areas of the outer banks was via a ferry, and this tradition carries on today for thousands if not millions of visitors who want to travel to some of coastal north carolina's most famous and off-the-map locales.








fun facts about kitty hawk


check out our list of fun facts about kitty hawk.








the 9 best fishing & beach carts for 2025


for families travelling to the beach, or fishermen carrying tackle/coolers, a beach cart can be the best purchase of your vacation. these carts feature extra-wide wheels to move across soft sand, even when loaded. carts are often built for specific scenarios, so think about the gear you’d be putting on your cart before making a decision.








best surf fishing gear for 2025


once you have your coastal recreational fishing license in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gear. anglers will find tons of options when it comes to equipment for casting into the surf, from custom designed rods and reels at local tackle shops, to name brand varieties that are designed for multiple areas along the coastline. here are just a few of the most popular gear options for surf fishermen. keep in mind that there are endless options available, and your local bait and tackle store staff will be happy to point you in the right direction if you have any questions about what you’ll need for successful surf fishing in any given area along the north carolina coastline.








currituck history


currituck county is one of the oldest regions in north carolina, and as a result, the region has a deep and multi-layered history that revolves around pirates, indians, and the outer banks' first tourists.








currituck beaches


 currituck county is effectively divided in two by the currituck sound, which creates two distinct and ecologically diverse regions: the currituck mainland, and the currituck barrier island beaches.








rainy day activities


need a little inspiration on how to have fun during the occasional rainy day in currituck county? then check out these museums, shops, attractions and "at-home" activities that will appeal to visitors of all ages.








hunting island


beautiful hunting island is a bit of a contradiction. located 15 miles east of beaufort, the island is completely isolated, with just a handful of campsites and a main visitor's center. despite this fact, the island is also the most visited state park in south carolina, and one of the most acclaimed beaches in the southeast. regularly landing on "top beaches" lists around the country, (including trip advisor's own ranking of "america's top ten beaches"), hunting island is an oasis for coastal visitors who crave nothing more than gorgeous shorelines, endless water views, and an abundance of natural surroundings.








history of morehead city


though not as old as some as its neighbors - like the adjacent and more than 300-year-old town of beaufort – morehead city nevertheless has a unique history that’s evident around every waterfront corner. envisioned by a governor, and eventually inhabited by residents fleeing a hurricane, the town of morehead city stands out for its deliberate creation, as well as its slow but steady rise to fame as a maritime-oriented vacation destination.








top 10 new bern attractions


it can be difficult for new bern newcomers to figure out what to do first. in a community that’s teaming with history, a vibrant arts scene, and a chic downtown area, new visitors will soon discover that he town is brimming with all sorts of attractions and destinations for vacationers to explore. with that being said, however, there are a few “must see” destinations that any vacationer will want to visit to enjoy the full new bern experience.








outer banks boating guide


the outer banks is comprised of more water than land, as the fragile strips of terrain that make up these north carolina barrier islands are bordered on all sides by deep blue major bodies of water.








beaufort historical association


there's a reason why beaufort earned the title of the "coolest small town in the usa" by national publication budget travel magazine, and one of the driving forces behind this honor is beaufort's dedicated preservation of its history, orchestrated, mainly, by the beaufort historical association.








wilmington, nc history


the history of wilmington is one of the biggest lures for vacationers, as this popular port city has an undeniably fascinating background that can be effortlessly explored and uncovered today. from its early roots at the dawn of the colonial era, to its tumultuous role in the civil war, the story of wilmington is always engaging and as distinctive as the cityscape itself.








crystal coast history


visitors to the crystal coast are often surprised to discover the wealth of local museums, landmarks, and ancient sites that pay homage to the region’s centuries of history. home to some of the oldest communities in the state, most famous (or infamous) north carolina residents, and a wealth of historical events that helped shape the area, the region is teeming with fascinating stories and legacies that linger throughout the years.








surfside beach


visitors who want to be close to all the action of the grand strand, but stay in a relatively quieter community, will fall in love with surfside beach. this small beach town located just south of myrtle beach, and located only 8 miles from the myrtle beach international airport, is a great representative sample of all the grand attractions, lodging options, amenities and activities that its more populated neighbors have to offer, but with the relaxed atmosphere of a smaller beach getaway.








holden beach, nc vacation guide


holden beach is a gem of a vacation destination. accommodating a world of outdoor sports and interests, with crystal clear beaches that are uncrowded even during the busiest summer days, the island was recently ranked as one of the top family friendly beaches in the country. an ideal launching point for boating, kayaking, fishing, surfing, and any number of sandy and salty past times, holden beach is a nationally acclaimed barrier island that is a perfect escape for families who want to throw on the flip flops, spread out the beach towel, and enjoy the laid-back, coastal scene.








ocracoke, nc history


ocracoke has a unique history that revolves around pirates, shipwrecks, and offshore battles. occupied for hundreds of years, this now booming tourism destination has deep roots that run parallel to the history of the country.








williamston, martin county


let nature's gifts lift your spirit in martin county. cast your line for striped bass in the roanoke river. watch horses with precision and grace compete at the sen. bob martin eastern agricultural center. camp on unique platforms in the tributaries and swamps of the roanoke river canoe trail. birdwatch in the roanoke river national wildlife refuge. learn about our heritage and culture at fort branch, a confederate civil war site, or st. james place museum, a restored circa 1910 primitive baptist church. tour the asa biggs house, which is listed on the national register of historic places. nature's calling you in martin county.








activities for kids


young visitors will adore both the mainland and barrier island beaches of currituck county for the endless array of activities and attractions designed with kids in mind. explore any of these wild, educational, and altogether fun local destinations for a memorable excursion that kids will truly treasure








wrightsville beach surfing guide


surfing has always been big on wrightsville beach, and visitors and surfers from all across the east coast are starting to take notice. the town was named one of the “world’s 20 best surf towns” by national geographic magazine, and was one of only seven town in the us to earn the distinction. the designation was due to the sleepy surf town vibe, the family friendly atmosphere, and even the growing number of things to do for visitors who aren’t necessarily interested in riding waves.








rainy day activities


no need for a rainy day to dampen the fun on ocracoke island. these rainy day activities will ensure that vacationers of all ages will have a blast without the beach.








outer banks lighthouses


each of the outer banks five lighthouses is unique. for a beautiful view, visitors can climb currituck beach light, bodie island light and cape hatteras lighthouse for a small fee in season. it's an unforgettable way to see the outer banks! don't forget to bring your camera, as these unique structures and surrounding grounds are some of the most picturesque and iconic attractions in the area.








activities for kids


let the kids run wild in carova, a desolate beach destination that's famed for wild horses, isolated beaches, and miles of pristine shoreline. combined with the neighboring town of corolla, which features a world of shops and entertainment, kids will never be bored in this unique, currituck banks destination.








activities for kids


the outer banks has a national reputation as being the premier family friendly vacation destination, so it should come as no surprise that nags head, arguably the first tourist town on the obx, has a wealth of activities designed just for kids.








new bern kayaking guide


visitors who crave a kayaking adventure will fall in love with new bern. this inner banks destination at the heart of the “twin rivers” region boasts access to more than 250 miles of mapped paddling trails as well as more than 30 launch sites throughout craven county. as a result, paddlers from beginner to expert levels will find endless room to roam, from the downtown area to the wilds of the nearby croatan national forest.








kitty hawk history


kitty hawk may have rose to national fame with the arrival of the wright brothers, but the region was home to salty locals for centuries before the wrights took flight. from the long lost soundside communities in kitty hawk woods to the historic lifesaving station that guarded the coastline, kitty hawk has plenty of stories to share.








oak island, nc vacation guide


visitors will find an easy-to-get-to beach paradise at oak island, an expansive but peaceful retreat that's located an easy drive away from wilmington, southport, and other inland north carolina communities. both the main town and the island itself share the name of "oak island," and while the town extends slightly inland, encompassing the cape fear regional jetport, the rest of the community is cut off from the world by the long elizabeth river, and a network of salty creeks and canals. this watery gap may not be particularly wide, but visitors will feel the change as soon as they cross over the bridge. once ashore, oak island is a picturesque landscape of charming vacation rental homes, cool seafood restaurants and shops, and miles of ocean shoreline.








fun facts about ocracoke


check out our list of fun facts about ocracoke, nc.








activities for kids


part natural oasis and part sunny beach town, kitty hawk is a fantastic destination for kids who love adventure. from watersports lessons to museums designed for busy hands, families will want to discover these top outer banks attractions and activities to create memories that will last a lifetime.








rainy day activities


the occasional rainy day doesn't have to stall a vacation, as nags head has number of shops, restaurants and sites, and is within an easy drive of some of the most acclaimed attractions on the outer banks.








bath, nc history


european settlement near the pamlico river in the 1690's led to the creation of bath, north carolina's first town, in 1705. the town's location seemed ideal with easy access to the river and the atlantic ocean 50 miles away--at ocracoke inlet.








dismal swamp history


in the midst of the metropolitan area known as hampton roads, virginia, and extending well into north carolina, there is a unique primeval forest inhabited by a variety of mammals, 21 species of reptiles, 58 species of turtles, lizards, salamanders, frogs & toads, and over 200 species of birds, as well as history, mystery and lore... the great dismal swamp.








beaufort history


established in 1709, and renowned as the third oldest town in the state, beaufort truly is a community where history comes alive. from dozens of residences that have decorated the local downtown streets for centuries, to hidden landmarks and offshore destinations where pirates used to roam, beaufort’s history is legendary, romantic, and all-together fascinating.








st. helena island


the expansive st. helena island borders the popular tourist communities of fripp island to the east and beaufort to the west, but is a unique and authentic lowcountry vacation destination or day trip in its own right. packed with shrimping docks, working farms, fascinating historical sites, and a jamming downtown with a world of shops and restaurants to explore, this lightly populated coastal region is a pleasant surprise with a big personality, and has a lot to offer besides the cool waterfront landscapes.








crystal coast camping


the crystal coast is a dream destination for campers, road warriors, and anyone who appreciates the great outdoors. comprising of miles of desolate beaches, hopping waterfront communities, and everything in between, campers will soon discover that their getaway can be as laid-back or as action packed as they desire, with a myriad of camping options to choose from.











select a city 



outer banks


crystal coast


beaufort, nc


cape fear


wilmington, nc


wrightsville beach


carolina beach


southport, nc









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













