

home page







falmouth stamp &
coin
11 town hall square, falmouth, ma
02540 
1-508-548-7075
your internet &
neighborhood stamp & coin shop©

         
please click
here for more store photos


store hours
monday through friday
  10:00 am-5:00 pm
saturday 
10:00 am-2:00 pm
sunday 

closed


upcoming holiday hours
 
open: monday, 17 february 2025, (presidents' day)
**recent additions 12/21/2024

- 2024 proof silver eagles back in stock!
click here to see summary of additions.
 



our inventory:






	united states coins

includes all denominations from colonials
      through silver dollars, american eagles, modern 
      commemoratives and coinage, proof and mint sets, medals and tokens.

foreign
      coins
over 260 countries listedcurrently includes
      ancients, medieval, foreign coins, medals, tokens and exonumia, including an extensive
      section of british conder tokens



	united states currency
	containing 
	large size, small size, 
	silver and gold certificates, fractional,obsolete, 
	confederates, and more.


	    foreign currency
	    featuring thousands of imagesand over 250 countries
01/03/2022: added: short snorters



united
      states stamps
currently listed
      are 1847-1975 stamps,  souvenir cards and commemorative panels, airmail, revenues, possessions,
      back of the book and other items

      foreign
      stamps




          post cards
collectible post cards with a wide variety of subject material including: u.s. states
      foreign countries
      holidays
      and more, sorted by topic
          

other collectibles
collectible items that don't fall under the stamp, coin, or currency headings.includes paper items, sports cards, marbles, books, magazines, post cards, autographs and many other items.






          souvenir cards
philatelic, numismatic, bep and
much more
(this page under construction)




comic books
coming soon 



      discount supplies
gently used items & past 
	issue books



stock certificates
coming soon



specials

2025 u.s. red books in stock
	  $17.95 each, plus shipping.
 



prices
are subject to change due to fluctuating market
conditions. please call or email for current quote.
***updated order info***
please click here for updated  order processing information




 

notice
due to the recent fluctuations in the values of precious metals
    sell prices will be adjusted accordingly at the point of sale. 
please call for more information. 




company profile
we offer a large selection of united states and foreign stamps, coins, tokens, and medals.  we are continually adding to this
    site and providing a broad  selection of the many items we have in stock. please check the "recently added" pages under the subsections below for newly-added inventory items.

    we are a well established business of over 40 years on cape cod, massachusetts.
    if you visit cape cod or the islands, please stop in and see
    us. 




our memberships:

american numismatic association (a.n.a.) life member
life member #3230
american philatelic society
    (a.p.s.) 40 years
florida united numismatists
    (f.u.n.),  31 years
new england numismatic association (n.e.n.a.) life member
early american coppers
    (e.a.c.)
cape cod postcard club (no longer meeting)
colonial coin collectors club (4 c's)


authorized dealer for:

 pcgs professional coin grading service
 ngc numismatic guarantee corporation

 anacs american numismatic certification
    service
 independent coin grading service (icgs)
cac certified acceptance corporation




we are buying
precious metals - we are  actively buying and selling all gold and silver coins and bars, including  american gold eagles, silver eagles, 
    canada gold maple leafs, south africa  krugerrands, u.s. 90% silver and 40% silver coins, bulk morgan and peace  dollars, silver bars of all brands and 
    sizes from 1 ounce to 1000+ ounces, gold  bars of all brands and sizes - gold, silver, platinum or palladium - we'll buy  it all. 
scrap gold, platinum & fine jewelry - we are  active buyers of scrap gold, platinum and old jewelry, and we'll pay extra  for better pieces. 
    we also buy better watches.
 collections & accumulations - old  u.s. gold, full or partial collections of american coins, key dates, proof and  mint sets, old currency including $500 and $1000 bills, rolls of morgan and  peace dollars, hoards of mercury dimes or walking liberty halves, large cents,  type coins from well worn to gem, even world 
    coins - whatever you have, we are  aggressive buyers across the board. 
rare coins - the rare coin market is active, demand is strong, and most rare  coin prices are at or near all-time highs. 
    if you've been waiting for the right  time to sell, this is that time.
also buying rare stamps, better postcards, douments, stock certificates, historical autographs, pocket watches, gsa dollars,
    foreign coins and currency, tokens, medals +++++.


 
 
contact information:

                                                    telephone 508-548-7075 
                                                   fax 508-495-6533 (24 hours)
                                         orders only please: 888-us coins (888-872-6467)
                                                        postal address:
                                               falmouth stamp & coin
                                         11 town hall square, falmouth, massachusetts 02540 
                                                        electronic mail 
                                             general information: fscorders@capecod.net
we ship via usps: weight + content value 
= rate



                              send mail to: fscorders@capecod.net with questions or comments about this web site.
                               copyright © 1998-2019 falmouth stamp & coin
                                                   date of last update: 02/03/2025

visits to this page:



