       
	clerk of courts
                          

   
            es-exclude-start-header
               an official website of the cuyahoga county government. here’s how you know
                               the site is secure.  a lock or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
                                 the .gov means it's official.  a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
                                 skip to main content   

to top

 




circle-left



circle-right



search



youtube-play



twitter-square



facebook-square



group



flag-o



newspaper-o



star-o



desktop



certificate



envelope-o



share-alt



print



notebook-list



notebook-text



document-recording




   





clerk of courts


a +a -







submit















facebooktwitteryoutubenewsletter registrationinstagrampodcast






toggle navigation







home
services
forms
general info
unclaimed funds
excess funds
faq
about us




search




    

  


home 
clerk of courts



    es-exclude-end-header


clerk of courts



the clerk of courts performs all statutory duties relative to: the filing, preservation, retrieval and public dissemination of all applicable court documents and records pertaining to the common pleas court's general and domestic relations divisions and
    the court of appeals, eighth appellate district; collect, hold in trust and disburse monies paid therewith; in a secure, timely and cost effective manner.the cuyahoga county clerk of courts is the official record keeper for the cuyahoga county court of common pleas general division, domestic relations division and the court of appeals, eighth appellate district.the contact directory area contains phone numbers for the clerk of courts office and also for the courts.useful links to other web sites related to the courts are provided within another section. 





public records
all records of the clerk’s office are public unless they are exempt from disclosure under ohio law or federal law.

                public records info
            







e-filing
e-filing allows authorized users to file pleadings against an existing case or to file a new case over the internet.

                e-filing info
            







service by posting
pursuant to rule 4.4 section (a)(2) of the ohio civil rules of procedure, service by posting can be made on the coc website.

                view notices
            







online bond posting
bond payments can be made online with a credit card through the website 24 hours a day. use these step-by-step instructions.

                online bond info
            















case docketsearch by case or name in the case records search system of the cuyahoga county clerk of courts.  



clerk of courts news





toggle navigation







clerk nailah k. byrd appointed to advisory committee of ohio legal help
optional e-filing available in cuyahoga county domestic relations court
unclaimed funds news
bogus jury summons email
clerk of courts now accepting online payments





















 was this page helpful?        
yes  
        no




how could we make it better? leaving an email can assist us in troubleshooting the issue.










submit  
                cancel





thank you for your feedback
 your feedback means a lot to us. we use it to improve the experience of all of our users. 












    
            es-exclude-start-footer
          



contact us



justice center1200 ontario streetcleveland, oh 44113




old courthouse1 lakeside avenuecleveland, oh 44113




office hours: monday-friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. saturday (bond/cashier window only): 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.contact directory




courts info


court of common pleas general division | rules domestic relations division | rules eighth appellate district court | rules




site info




departments


faqs


public records request


privacy policy


disclaimer


accessibility


county social media








powered by the department of information technology





the official government website of cuyahoga county. quick facts about cuyahoga county from the u.s. census bureau cuyahoga county is a member of the national association of counties





  
            es-exclude-end-footer
                 