














home | environmental studies program











        skip to main content
      




university of california, santa barbara



give
quick links




































toggle navigation








search



search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    






main navigation


about 

mission statement
chair's welcome
facts and figures
program history
open positions
news & events



people

undergraduate education 

overview
advising
degrees offered
declaring the major
petition degree requirements
advising faq
courses
awards and honors




student programs 

overview
internships
study abroad
senior thesis
field studies
research opportunities
other opportunities
environmental leadership incubator
ipees (graduate emphasis)




resources 

overview
program scholarships
environmental careers
graduate school
environmental organizations



stay connected

news & events 

overview
commencement
50th anniversary celebration
the manley lecture
the darcy lecture
es newsletter archive
es vimeo video archive








quick links


stay connected






give



































degrees offered
bachelor of arts (b.a.) and bachelor of science (b.s.) in environmental studies, and bachelor of science (b.s.) in hydrologic sciences and policy.
degrees
 






courses
the environmental studies program offers a wide variety of courses covering a diverse field of disciplines and topics. please see our course offerings below.
all courses
 





 
internships
internships are an invaluable part of the undergraduate experience. click below to see how you can get credit through env s 192 for your internships!
internships






building a movement
check out the inspiring documentary encompassing 50 years of environmental studies at ucsb, recounted by professors, students, and graduates.
program history






 











featured news
save the date! attend the environmental studies program 55th anniversary celebration
environmental studies program events
join the environmental studies program for a 55th anniversary celebration and 41st annual steven manley memorial lecture, featuring dr. asmeret asefaw berhe. may 23-34, 2025. location and talk title tba.
congratulations to associate professor liz carlisle!
ucsb academic personnel career development awards
associate professor liz carlisle receives a regents humanities faculty fellowship to work on a new book, tentatively titled living roots: perennial foods for an abundant future, alongside her co-editor, aubrey streit krug.
uc santa barbara opens new center to incubate environmental leaders
santa barbara independent
the environmental leadership incubator (eli) evolves into the greti u. croft center for undergraduate environmental leadership (cuel), continuing to support opportunities for students passionate about sustainability.
here's how to turn climate change anxiety into action
npr morning edition
class of 2024 es alum jada alexander details her journey with coral reefs and the transformative climate resilience course.












header image credit: michael montgomery




























environmental studies program
4312 bren hall, uc santa barbara 
santa barbara, california 93106-4160
email: esprogram@es.ucsb.edu
phone: (805) 893-2968

connect




                                                    facebook




                                                    instagram




                                                    vimeo




                                                    linkedin








support services

resources



academic & staff hiring 


policies & disclosures








information for

our mission


courses


declaring the major


stay connected












copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved. terms of use accessibility











