







	laser safety training, products & consulting at rockwell laser industries






































home



products

laser barriers and curtains

laser barriers and curtains
lp-200 laz-r-barriers™
barrier and curtain configurations
laser barrier faq's
hardware brochure (pdf)
barrier calculation form (pdf)


laser eyewear

laser eyewear
ipl eyewear and patient protection
eyewear accessories
laser-gard® sunglasses for pilots
faq's
available frame styles


patient protection
smoke and plume evacuation
laser warning signs

illuminated signs
blank signs
class 2 signs
class 3b signs
class 3r signs
class 4 signs
specialty signs
sign accessories


laser warning labels

ansi/cdrh warning labels
iec warning labels


hazard analysis software

lazan lite
lazan standard
lazan premium
skyzan
lazan product comparison


laser measurement equipment
laser accessories
safety standards and other publications

laser safety standards
guides and books


entryway control systems

laser sentry entryway control
technical details (pdf)


laser protective windows
product closeouts


training

regional courses

industrial
medical
aesthetic


online courses

industrial
medical
aesthetic


on-site courses
registration details
course registration form (pdf)
which course should i take?
brochures (pdf)

industrial
medical/aesthetics




consulting

laser safety audits

industrial laser safety audits
medical laser safety audits


cdrh consulting services
laser facility design
laser enclosure design and manufacturing
international consulting services
on-site training programs
accredited testing laboratory
brochures (pdf)

industrial
medical/aesthetics




resources

laser accident database
state government contacts
laser safety articles








industrial
medical
aesthetic






laser safety in a whole new light












                partners in laser safety
            
for over 40 years, rockwell laser industries has delivered outstanding quality, service and support to the worldwide community of laser users.
we invite you to partner with us as your source of laser safety training, products and consulting services that set the standard of excellence.
 


                rli newsletter:
            
subscribe to the newsletter
read the current issue


 


            laser safety news
        
 
rli is a platinum sponsor of ilsc®
rli is pleased to announce that they will once again be a platinum sponsor at the international laser safety conference (ilsc®), held this year from march 3-6, 2025, at the doubletree at universal orlando florida.
ilsc® is a comprehensive four-day conference covering all aspects of laser safety practice and hazard control. the technical practical applications seminar (tpas) complement the scientific sessions by exploring everyday scenarios that the lso and mlso may encounter. professionals in all fields and applications will find ilsc® a tremendous source for information and networking opportunities.
the deadline for the hotel discounted rate is saturday, february 8, 2025.
 
the new edition of the ansi z136.3 is now available
the newest edition of the ansi z136.3 american national standard of laser safety in health care is now available. it is nationally recognized as the definitive document on laser safety in all health care environments, providing guidance for the safe use of lasers for diagnostic, cosmetic, preventative and therapeutic applications where bodily structure or function is altered or symptoms are relieved.
this standard is applicable to any location where a health care laser system (hcls) is used as a medical device, including hospital facilities, ambulatory surgery centers, individual medical, dental and veterinarian offices, and non-medical locations, such as salons and spas.
extensively revised to reflect current thinking and practice, updates to the z136.3-2024 include:

harmonization with the ansi z136.1 "safe use of lasers".
clarification concerning signage.
updates to the informative appendices.
updated references to international standards.

 
for more information regarding this standard, please contact us via email or call us at +1 (513) 272-9900.
 
about the ansi z-136.1-2022 standard
do you have a copy of the ansi z-136.1-2022 "for safe use of lasers" standard? this is the parent document and cornerstone of the z-136 series of laser safety standards.
some of the items in this standard are:

mpe support for pulse lengths down to 100 fs
new guidance for pulse durations shorter than 100 fs
updated limiting apertures
changes to photochemical limits
uv-c mpe changes

for more information about what's new in this standard, please contact an rli representative via email or give us a call at +1 (513) 272-9900.



            laser safety training courses
        

developed and taught by many of the leading experts in laser safety, 
        our training courses have been recognized as the best in the industry.

 

            industrial laser safety training courses
        
laser safety officer
course number: l-222    length: 4 days


                        apr 22 - 25, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        jun 23 - 26, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        dec 02 - 05, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing



principles of lasers
course number: l-113    length: 1 day


                        apr 21, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        jun 23, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        dec 01, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing



principles of lasers & laser safety officer course
course number: l-250    length: 5 days


                        apr 21 - 25, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        jun 23 - 27, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        dec 01 - 05, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing



 

            medical laser safety training courses
        
medical laser safety officer
course number: m-135    length: 2 days


                        feb 20 - 21, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        apr 17 - 18, 2025
                    
 hosted by fortec medical

hudson, oh






                        jun 26 - 27, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        sep 24 - 25, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing






                        dec 05 - 06, 2025
                    

video teleconferencing



comprehensive laser maintenance and repair
course number: m-265    length: 7 days


                        feb 28 - mar 06, 2025
                    

columbus, oh






                        may 30 - jun 05, 2025
                    

columbus, oh



 




            laser safety products
        









z136.1 ansi standard "for the safe use of lasers" 
the american national standard ansi z136.1 for safe use of lasers is the parent document in the z136 series of laser safety standards.







illuminated laser sign
the illuminator lighted laser warning sign provides a convenient way to provide an illuminated laser warning at the entrance to a laser facility.







yag laser eyewear
stylish, comfortable frame fits over rx glasses or can be worn alone. comfort fit soft temples with superior temple coverage. ce certified. od: 7+







medical user's guide for laser safety
this is a 40+ page guide is filled with laser and laser safety information, diagrams, tables and photographs.






        laser safety tools
    





quickclicks


state government contactslaser safety standardsonline laser safety courseslaser safety articleslaser accident databaselaser safety audits






quickfind lasereyewear & windows
            
 


product:
wavelength:
optical density:  




eyewear
window



 nm
                    




 








download center


laser barrier calculation formlaser sentry technical detailcourse registration form (pdf)rli medical/aesthetics catalogrli industrial catalog




 









about rli | meet the staff | course lecturers and consultants


terms & conditions | privacy statement | purchasing policy





                copyright 1996-2025, by rockwell laser industries, inc.  all rights reserved.
            






this site uses cookies to deliver services such as remembering your shopping cart contents and tracking page visits for "audience measurement" purposes.by using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy, including our use of cookies section, our terms and conditions, and our purchasing policies. your use of this website and its services is subject to these policies and terms.












