









 video addicts hotline for collectors of rare, hard to find videotapes and tv shows 











      



videos 4 sale
dvds on sale
video reviews
private video collection
private tv shows
used videos
your wants
blood visions
videophiliac
disney
video chat
camcorder flix wanted
collectors resources
video search
actors/actresses
tv networks
tv shows
video busters

video store
view guestbook
sign guestbook
banner rates
e-mail us 


 

  



current
hottestvideos!



 spiderbabe 
 dinosaur valley girls 
 dungeon of desire 
 robotrix 
 playmate of the apes 
 lord of the strings 
 killer klowns from outer space 
 hot vampire nights 
 erotic witch project 
 chosen one: legend of the raven 
 inn of 100 sins 
 bobbie jo and the outlaw 
 scrapbook 
 erotic survivor 
 vamps deadly dreamgirl 
 psycho sisters 
 candy 
 midnight madness 
 in the flesh 
 lethal seduction 





the video addicts hot-line
if rare, strange, unusual, hard-to-find videos arouse you, this is the place.





      
camcorder films wanted      


 


if you're a first-time visitor, you may want to check in at the information desk for more information on how to get around here. feel free to help us test our new chat room (java enabled browser required). wondering where your order is? check your order status online.


welcome
you have just stepped into the dungeon of the video addicts' nightmares from which there may be no escpape... chances are, if you just wandered in, you'll be back 'cause the videoaddicts.com bug's already bitten you. 

oh, you might think that you'll be able to maintain some type of normalcy... if only that were true. you'll soon find that you've got a gaping wound that can only be filled by one o' the strange, bizarre or hard-to-find videos that can only be found, here at videoaddicts.com.

try to fight it if you want... you'll soon find that the cheezy stuff that you can get elsewhere doesn't hold a candle to videoaddicts.com. go ahead... take a look at our current special, the bad girls 4 pack, and you'll see what i mean.

what? don't believe me? where else you gonna find obsessive video collectors who will do just about anything to help you (and others) find that hard-to-find video or tv show?

news
were proud to announce that videoaddicts can now make custom dvds from your favorite videotape. a great way to preserve those vhs tapes that are deteriorating over time. 

for those who lean toward that thin-blue-line of adult films, we're proud to welcome video vixen. she has a collection of very special adult films and classics that you're unlikely to find elsewhere. (please do not go there if you're not of legal age or easily offended.)
don't forget our latest selection of dvds. some (i'm proud to say) have been banned from the likes of amazon.com.

for the statistically endowed, we present to you, videoaddicts.com stats, where you'll find our latest arrivals and find out what our top selling dvds and most recent reviews are, in case you're inclined to weigh your purchases alongside the masses.

don't forget to use our search engine. it tries hard to serve up what tickles your fancy.

thanks
without the support of off-the-wall videocollectors like you, we wouldn't be here. take advantage of all the free services... but keep in mind, all the free stuff is paid for by movie sales. so, if you really want to show your support, buy a video from videoaddicts.com, so that we can keep servin' up the strangeness and support indie-video-producers around the world.

(actually, all of you that send me complimentary strange videos to appease my own addictions, you are my favorite folks... you guys are awesome!)
heard of a strange flick that you think should be here, but you can't find it? drop me a line at webmanabc@hotmail.com. we'll see what we can do to hook-you-up.

- dave (lover of all things video)











  









email
video addicts hot-line

video addicts hot-line is © 1994-2007 david masters. all rights reserved.

top of page







