



	home page




































home page

animal's wellness

children's wellness

natural healing

healthy food

consumer alert!

women's health


item










practical educational overview of holistic healthhave a passion for animals? make a difference!questioning the aids virus, hiv, and azt drug

detoxification for optimum health

our earth, our cure!

natural herbal remedies as alternative medicine

homeopathic medicine for yourself, your family and your pets

immune system support education, the holistic approach

pet stories

incrementa la actividad de las celulas inmunitaria

healing testimonials of people and animals

urine therapy

dangers of routine vaccinations













aids hiv pregnant women and children, cruel deceptionhealing aids and hiv naturally with a drug-free approachaids/hiv in africa: lies, deceptions and genocide











detoxification for optimum healthfasting as a therapeutic healing process











edible clay therapy, healing mud, and clay cure for people and animalsurban agriculture - shirley's edible rooftop container gardentherapeutic benefits of  montmorillonite clayrooftop garden news and awards for shirleyexperiencing sole with himalayan crystal salt!salt deficiency, the cause of many diseasesshirley's garden in the skywater quality is essential to hydration, and vitality











holy, and blessed thistle herbal teashealing with flowers, herbs and thingsmoringa oleifera the miracle plant











veterinary homeopathy remediesveterinary homeopathy resourceshomeopathic safe medicine for children and infantshomeopathic medicine, and remediesnosodes: alternative advantages to the dangers of conventional vaccinations











superbugs resistance to drugs alarming public health threatantibiotic misuse, reactions, and antimicrobial resistanceholistic cancer healing and prevention without chemotherapy, or radiationthe immune system: the body's defense departmentunderstanding acute, and chronic pain, inflammation











domestic animals ideal ancestral dietsa cat, a bat and rabies vaccination storythe pet hospital experiencesick and dying rescued dog healed











factores de transferencias y su sistema inmunologicooptimice su salud y aumentar el glutatión con immunocaloportunidad de negocios en la industra de salud y bienestar











dogs and cats full recovery from degenerative diseasesanimal recovery from autoimmune hemolytic anemiatestimonials of animals cured at homerecovery of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemianatural self healing successes and cleansing testimonialsrecovery of blind, crippled puppy with seizureshow elderly patients are treated by the medical establishmentalternative medicine practices, healing at hometestimonials: ut healing of humans, animals











urine therapy is nature's own perfect medicine











shaken baby syndrome or vaccinosis encephalitis?vaccine, immunization, and the adverse effects to our health











natural healing for animals, pets, dogs, and cats

testimonials of animals healing at homevaccinosis: health hazards of scheduled animal and pet vaccines

holistic veterinary care: revolutionizing pet health naturallychronic kidney disease in cats and dogs7 mistakes in treating pets with chronic renal failurecancer in animals associated with toxcity, and dietthe healthy path for every animal, dr. chambreau dvmhow i saved my dog's life without drugsanimal trauma and injuries: how i use home remedies to heal my petsyour pet's nutritional needs

toxic medicines, powders, sprays harm petsintegrating homeopathy into your veterinary practice list of holistic veterinariansrestoring an animal's immune systemwhat's behind our pet's chronic allergy epidemic?











home remedies for sick birds and optimum avian nutritionholistic cat care and natural remedieshorse health natural careferret natural healthrearing healthy pups and kittensherbal remedies for stressed petslibrary: holistic animal healthanimals messengers of love and wisdomjuliette of the herbs, champion of healthzoopharma - animal self-medication and healingtraining shasta for personal protection











dr. patricia jordan's articles on danger of vaccines











pets afflicted with joint and hip problems find relief with nuvet treatmentdangerous toxic contaminated dog and cat foodgrain-free healthy dry kibble dog and cat foodwhat's best for pets: kibble, raw or home-cooked food?raw food diet recipes for our petsprevent pet obesity with these easy steps











holistic pediatrics: identifying root causes of illness in childrenautism hope: what's behind the autism epidemic?vaccine, immunization, and the adverse effects to our healthcircumcision exposed! the hidden traumapharmaceutical drugs often forced on childrennatural caring for your infant and baby needsholistic nutrition for children and babiesnatural alternatives to ritalin (methylphenidate), for kids with adhdparenting children with special needsmy baby was born blind and brain-injured











basic healing principles: suppression versus healing

prostate cancer and men's healththe acid alkaline balance impact on human and animal healthalzheimer risk factors and breakthrough researchdental amalgam fillings poses health riskarthritis and degenerative joint disease natural remediesroot cause of asthma trigger ailments of the respiratory systemwellness resorts and clinical retreat centerscholesterol myth, danger of low blood cholesterolear infection: alternative to antibiotics or ear tubesmy triumph over eczema

natural approach to fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndromegarlic and the medicinal healing properties of allicinglutathione: the mother of all antioxidants

restoring crucial magnesium levelswhy we need microbiomes. our changing relationship to microbesworms and parasites: holistic prevention and treatmentreduce chronic stress, depression, anxiety with these simple stepsguide to healthy eyes and visionnatural choices for weight and fat management











mind body spirit connection: miraculous healingwellness resorts and clinical retreat centers











radiant skin is a reflection of personal lifestyle practiceshealing power of sunlight and vitamin dshingles, or herpes zoster viral infectionhealing psoriasis holisticallyreversing steroids devastating side effects











glyconutrient's role in people and animals' health











cayenne pepper (capsicum) medicinal use and health benefitsmarine phytoplankton's powerful micronutrientsblue green algae is a superb natural source of nutrientsbovine growth hormone potential hazards in milkdiabetes: restoring the body's blood-sugar control mechanismflaxseed is a rich source of lignans and, omega 3 essential fatty acidsfulvic acid, and humic minerals powerful roleengineered fats and oils: the degenerative disease epidemicsuperfood nutrition for vitality and well-being

raw food diet with vital enzymeshidden dangers of soy in your diet











healing power of bee pollen, and honeychia seeds for radiant health, endurance, and boundless energycoconut oil nutritional benefitsgreen juice nutrition with enzymes, and phytotherapyocean superfoods seaweed, kelp and sea vegetables for optimum health











consumer alert! raising public awareness of modern day hazardsserious risk of fluoride harm in everyday exposurebig pharma, ama, fda endangering your healthvaccine, immunization, and the adverse effects to our healthcholesterol myth, danger of low blood cholesterolbeware of canola oil and its marketing deceptiongenetically modified foods controversygulfwar syndrome, symptoms and disordersartificial sweeteners sickness - aspartame diseaseradiation, chemotherapy side effects protectiondetrimental effects of sugar consumed processed, and refinedtoxins in cosmetics may adversely affect your healthwest nile virus: what the media won't tell you











about shirley - her health recovery after a lifetime of sufferingbreast implant toxicity sickness - how to recoverbreast cancer awareness, prevention, and recoveryconquering candida yeast infection with drugless natural home treatmentholistic solutions to prevent or reverse infertility and miscarriagemenopause and perimenopause symptoms holistic approachstrong bones: preventing, reversing osteoporosis naturallyholistic health care for women’s vitality and wellbeing























sign-up for shirley's newsletter











important disclaimer



				please read the disclaimer carefully before using this site by using this site, you signify your assent,to this disclaimer.  if you do not agree to this disclaimer, please do not use the site. the information in this web site is presented for the educational and free exchange of ideas and speech in relation to health and wellness only.  shirley's wellness cafe  website is not intended to diagnose any physical or mental condition, or to prescribe or promote any particular product(s).it is not intended as a substitute for the advice and treatment of a licensed professional. in the event that you use the information for your own health, or for your animals, you are prescribing for yourself or your animals, which is your constitutional right and for which the author of this site assumes no responsibility. the author of this website is neither a legal counselor nor a health practitioner, nor a veterinarian and makes no claims in this regard. reference or links in this web site to any non-government entity, product, service, or information do not constitute endorsement or recommendation. this site is not responsible for the contents of any off-site web pages, companies or persons linked or referenced in this site. you are welcome to follow the links and visit the various websites and determine for yourself if the products are for you.  		shirley's-wellness-cafe.com is a free educational web site created from a labor of love and as a public service.  			thank you for your understanding. 
			


thank you!




disclaimer for shirley's wellness cafe






oriented to self care, shirley's wellness cafe is an educational web site dedicated to
promoting natural health for humans and their animals
























animal wellness overview












dr. charles loops d.v.m - "after 10 years of traditional veterinary 
practice i became tired of having no treatment for chronic disease, 
incurable conditions, and a plethora of allergic maladies which seem 
to plague all veterinary practices.
i was frustrated with giving animals cortisone because i had no 
other solutions, or using antibiotics 
for infections which i knew were of viral origin. at this time i had 
some chronic health problems, which had been unresolvable allopathically, but they responded to 
natural treatment."
animal wellness overview
holistic pediatrics education for parents




peter r. breggin, m.d "the drugging of children 
has gotten so out of hand that america is waking up to this. this is a national catastrophe."
dr. guylaine lanctot, m.d - "the medical establishment works closely with the drug multinationals
whose main objective is profits, and whose worst nightmare would be an
epidemic of good health. lots of drugs must be sold. in order to achieve
this, anything goes: lies, fraud, and kickbacks. doctors are the principal
salespeople of the drug companies. 





"i was once a victim of the never-ending flow of propaganda from the medical 
establishment - which i think of as the "disease" establishment because 
they focus on disease rather than on prevention and wellness. the
orthodox medical establishment wants 
to maintain a monopoly on the word "cure"; they want us to believe that 
we have no control over our own health and that our only hope to get "well" 
is with drugs, surgery and radiation. in the story of my
journey into health i explain how i achieved radiant health without 
drugs, surgery or radiation." shirley
"you cannot poison your body into health with drugs, chemo or radiation. 
"health" can only be achieved with healthful living." t.c. fry
according to the world health organization: "health is more than the absence of disease. 
health is a state of optimal well-being." optimal well-being is a concept 
of health that goes beyond the curing of illness to one of achieving wellness. 
many of us have been brought up to believe that our health depends solely 
on the quality of the health care we receive. the truth is, your health is 
your responsibility. you are the only person who can make the lifestyle 
decisions that contribute to your well-being. you are the one who must take 
the steps to preserve your health and promote your wellness. only you have 
the power to create wellness for yourself.


elimination of the symptom is not the same as elimination of the disease. the fastest way to restore 
wellness is to stop putting into the body the things that have caused the physical problem to develop in the first place, 
and then give the body the nutrients it needs to repair and rebuild itself. 
the holistic approach treats the whole person, ignites the body's internal healing force and 
stimulates the body's natural abilities to heal itself.
 ignite your body's internal healing force


most modern maladies are caused by prolonged exposure to a combination of 
negative lifestyles and toxic environmental factors, including junk food 
and malnutrition, pesticides, antibiotics, microwaves, chemical pollution 
of food, water and air, lack of exercise and chronic stress. these factors 
are further aggravated by the failure of modern medicine to recognize them 
as agents of dis-"ease" and death and the consequent failure to take preventative 
measures against them. the same chemical companies that produce toxic chemicals 
also produce prescription drugs, veterinary medicines, a wide array of medical 
products. families with toxin induced illnesses often spend large sums for 
drugs and medical treatment. this circle of profit is not conspiracy theory, 
but an easily provable fact. what you don't know can hurt you."
related: 
consumer alert! raising public awareness of modern day hazards














contact shirley (323) 522-4521






shirley's wellness cafe












