

































































casper star-tribune | breaking news | get the latest news, weather and sports from casper star tribune.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















11°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



business



wildfires



crime



state & regional



education



307 politics



outdoors



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guests/columnnists




sports


high school 



university of wyoming



casper college



professional



betting



rodeo




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



music



movies & tv



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



announcements



people



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



people



pets




join the community


news tip



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars for sale



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

cars for sale








11°
partly cloudy
























        
        
            rogan potter's last-second layup lifts natrona county over star valley

mustangs defeat braves for fifth consecutive victory.

















        
        
            cowboys humiliated in ugly border war loss at colorado state

the wyoming cowboys were routed at colorado state in the border war on saturday.

















        
        
            malene pedersen carries cowgirls past san jose state

malene pedersen scored 21 points to lead wyoming to a win over san jose state on saturday.


















        
        
            photos: kelly walsh boys, girls fall to star valley

kelly walsh basketball teams fell to star valley on friday, feb. 14 in casper. 

















        
        
            casper college basketball teams face big challenge at gillette college

the t-birds' men's and women's teams have a chance to take sole possession of the region ix north sub-region lead with victories over the pronghorns on saturday.

















        
        
            northwest college student restarts her life after brain injury, wins award

thea farrington moved to wyoming after suffering a traumatic brain injury. after leaving her life behind, she decided to go back to school at northwest college.

















        
        
            allyson fertig has raised her game in dominant senior season

wyoming senior center allyson fertig has been incredible in her final year.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                the latest



















        
        
            wyoming neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in casper star-tribune. 





















        
        
            wyoming neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in casper star-tribune. 





















        
        
            wyoming neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in casper star-tribune. 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: wyoming news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            uw head coach heather ezell talks about the importance of the cowgirls' malene pedersen after saturday's win over san jose state.




















        
        
            after star valley's cooper lancaster ties the game at 62-62 with a 3-pointer, natrona county senior rogan potter wins it for the mustangs with a driving layup.




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            kayden becker's 3-pointer gives kelly walsh a 48-46 lead over star valley on friday night.












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            high school skiing schedule feb. 14-15

high school skiing schedule




















        
        
            high school indoor track & field schedule feb. 15

high school indoor track & field schedule




















        
        
            girls high school basketball scores feb. 10-15

girls high school basketball scores




















        
        
            boys high school basketball scores feb. 10-15

boys high school basketball scores













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            affordable frames to match your personal style from the comfort of your home

contributor content. it makes sense for eyeglass wearers to want frames that highlight who they are, enhancing their appearance and keeping them confident, without compromising on affordability or their vision.












sponsored








        
        
            addressing the aging population in casper: how helping hands stay at home care is making a difference

content by helping hands stay at home care. helping hands, founded in nebraska in 2016 and then expanded into wyoming in 2020, offers innovative and compassionate care solutions to support seniors and their families.












sponsored








        
        
            5 reasons to visit boomtown blast this holiday season — and beyond

content by boomtown blast. here’s why boomtown blast is the best stress-free spot to host your holiday or birthday gathering.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            first united methodist church



                                        318 e. 2nd st., casper, wy 82601
                                    




















        
        
            books & trivia



                                        105 s. kenwood st, casper, wy 82601
                                    






















        
        
            redi services llc



                                        po box 310, lyman, wy 82937
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube







wyovarsity

pokes authority



sites & partners


e-edition

obituaries

weather

comics

puzzles and horoscopes

town crier

online features

work at wyoming

special sections

get healthy




services


contact us

customer service

activate your subscription

email updates

jobs

real estate

auto

legals

dealer returns

other classifieds

advertise 

work here

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        casper star-tribune, 100 n. ash street casper, wy 82604-2883
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























