











ocracoke island photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


restaurants


shopping


activities


real estate


coupons


events













ocracoke vacation rentals





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





ocracoke fishing guide
















vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.








ocracoke harbor


the ocracoke harbor is easily the busiest quarter mile stretch of ocracoke island. consisting of a small, lagoon-like section of saltwater, and lined by a semi-circle of docks, restaurants, shops, marinas and motels, visitors will find that any and all of the activities on ocracoke island can most certainly be found harbor front.

ocracoke
252-928-5731
map it











shelling


if you know where to look, the outer banks can be a beachcomber's paradise. with miles of shoreline to explore, hidden beaches that are relatively untouched, and literally piles of shells washing up on the beaches after a storm, shelling on the obx beaches is simply a matter of timing and area expertise.








ocracoke island lighthouse


the ocracoke island lighthouse may not be the most imposing of the outer banks lighthouses, but as north carolina's oldest lighthouse in operation, (and the second oldest in the united states), it is certainly one of the most beloved. at just 65' ft. tall, it is by far the smallest lighthouse on the outer banks, but it still towers over the 4 square miles of ocracoke village, and its beacon can be spotted up to 14 miles into the pamlico sound and the atlantic ocean.

ocracoke

map it











outer banks lighthouses


each of the outer banks five lighthouses is unique. for a beautiful view, visitors can climb currituck beach light, bodie island light and cape hatteras lighthouse for a small fee in season. it's an unforgettable way to see the outer banks! don't forget to bring your camera, as these unique structures and surrounding grounds are some of the most picturesque and iconic attractions in the area.








ocracoke, nc history


ocracoke has a unique history that revolves around pirates, shipwrecks, and offshore battles. occupied for hundreds of years, this now booming tourism destination has deep roots that run parallel to the history of the country.










the 7 best beach & fishing coolers 2025


nothing beats an ice-cold beverage while relaxing on the beach. nothing is worse than reaching for an icy drink and finding your cans swimming. coolers are essential for family days on the sand. a good modern cooler will keep food and drinks fresh for days. in addition to beverages, fishermen rely coolers to keep bait fresh, and hopefully the catch of the day. walk onto any beach or pier in north or south carolina and you’ll see a plethora of cooler models and sizes. cooler technology has advanced rapidly in modern years. top-end hard-sided coolers can keep ice frozen for a week. soft coolers are easier for one person to carry onto a beach, but can still keep food cool for days. cooler materials and price points vary wildly, so we put together this guide with our recommendations for your coastal vacation.








activities for kids


there may not be any major amusement parks or shopping malls on ocracoke island, but kids seem to have no problem staying entertained. on your next ocracoke island vacation, be sure and visit these fun, educational and altogether engaging kid-friendly ocracoke activities and destinations.










educational activities


on the outer banks, it's easy to throw in a little education in with a vacation filled with fun, adventures, and new explorations.








surf fishing guide


when it comes to surf fishing, it’s hard to beat the coastline of north carolina. well known for hundreds of miles of beaches where record-breaking catches are landed on a regular basis, the north carolina shoreline is arguably one of the top destinations for surf fishermen from all across the country. so if you are new to the n.c. coastline, or just want to brush up on your surf fishing insight, take a closer look at everything you need to know about casting from the coast, and get ready for plenty of opportunities to reel in the catch of a lifetime.










ocracoke ferry system


ocracoke is separated from the rest of the world by the 20+ mile wide pamlico sound, which means that the only way to access the island is via a personal vessel, or more commonly, by a north carolina state ferry.








outer banks real estate


after a few days of sunny beach afternoons, fantastic local attractions, and all the amenities that attract people to the outer banks, many visitors find themselves daydreaming about a more permanent vacation. whether your ultimate goal is to own an investment property, a retirement or vacation home, or simply a year-round home on the beach, the outer banks is filled with incredible opportunities and a variety of properties for sale.










best outer banks sunrise spots


the outer banks is famous for its beautiful beaches and stunning views. one of the best ways to experience the beauty of the outer banks is to wake up early and watch a stunning sunrise over the atlantic ocean. with miles of pristine coastline, there are plenty of spots to catch a breathtaking sunrise. from carova to hatteras village, here is our list of the best places to see a sunrise on the outer banks.








ocracoke wild horses


seasoned visitors to ocracoke island love to soak in its rich heritage and culture which dates back to the 1500s, and features some legendary and longstanding residents. some of the most popular ocracoke locals are the wild ponies, which are protected in a secluded 180 acre area enclosure on the soundside of the cape hatteras national seashore, but can still be enjoyed by anyone passing through the island on nc highway 12.













stand-up paddle boarding (sup)


stand-up paddle boarding (sup) may be considered one of the outer bank's newest crazes to hit the water, but the sport itself is actually centuries old, originating in the hawaiian and polynesian islands as an easy-going mode of transportation from one waterfront beach to another.








the 11 best beach toys for summer 2025


here is a list of some of our favorite beach toys for kiddos. we gravitate to unique, high-quality toys that inspire creativity. some of these toys are classics, and some add a twist.








outer banks swimming guide


swimming is a local sport that never goes out of style on the outer banks, and with literally miles of ocean and sound waters to paddle around, there's no shortage of refreshing locales to enjoy a dip. vacationers will find they have their choice of swimming destinations, from the fun and challenging ocean waves, to the shallow splashing waters of the sound, to the assortment of public and community pools found all along the islands.








outer banks birding


for bird lovers, the outer banks is hard to beat. this delicate chain of barrier islands is not only home to dozens of different native shorebirds, but also thousands of migrating birds who make a rest stop on the outer banks every year. add to this the fact that the islands have hundreds of miles of deserted beaches, maritime forest, and marshlands for species to quietly flourish, and it's clear that the outer banks is literally for the birds.








blackbeard the pirate


ocracoke's long history has some interesting highlights, but none of the local legends and legacies are as far-reaching or as popular as the island's local pirates. as the temporary home to a crew of notorious buccaneers, including blackbeard himself, ocracoke is the destination of choice for pirate lovers who want to explore the stomping grounds of the island's most notorious residents.








best surf fishing gear for 2025


once you have your coastal recreational fishing license in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gear. anglers will find tons of options when it comes to equipment for casting into the surf, from custom designed rods and reels at local tackle shops, to name brand varieties that are designed for multiple areas along the coastline. here are just a few of the most popular gear options for surf fishermen. keep in mind that there are endless options available, and your local bait and tackle store staff will be happy to point you in the right direction if you have any questions about what you’ll need for successful surf fishing in any given area along the north carolina coastline.








fun facts about ocracoke


check out our list of fun facts about ocracoke, nc.











select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













