





minnesota destination imagination – inspire and equip students to become the next generation of innovators and leaders






























 


skip to content








call us today! 763-550-7212|pfschroeder@district287.org 

facebookxyoutubeinstagrampinterestlinkedin 



 

















 


search for:








welcome to mn diwelcome to mn diwhat we dothe faqsmn di newsletters, the di blog, and what’s the big idea? podcastawesome people/awesome places!mn di calendari am a team manager!what is instant challenge?regionsinternational discholarships/ awardstournamentstournament infoglobal finalsget involvedstart a teamvolunteerresourcescontact usdonate now!university level



 









homesamplediaffiliate2024-11-04t16:24:46-06:00

kids can be empowered to change the world!
minnesota destination imagination inspires and equips students
to become the next generation of innovators and leaders.

what is destination imagination?
di is a nonprofit that fosters creativity and innovation in more than 150,000 students worldwide through project-based learning. we inspire young people to imagine and innovate today so they become the creative and collaborative leaders of tomorrow. each year we offer seven new standards-based challenges in stem, improv, visual arts, service learning and early learning. learn more

volunteer-led
destination imagination (di) is a volunteer-run organization, so we depend heavily on the efforts and energy of our volunteers around the world. we receive support from 38,000 volunteers, who help run our programs in free spaces like classrooms, living rooms and auditoriums around the world.

start a team
team registration for the 2024-2025 season of destination imagination is open! if your child is creative, is crazy about puzzles, loves to paint and draw, can build anything out of cardboard boxes, writes amazing stories, thinks up whimsical new worlds, is totally into science, or has rewired your toaster into a working time machine (or wants to), then you have a destination imagination child.




 
 







find us on facebook 
 facebook mn di
facebook for mn di team managers

 

contact info

mn di | 1820 xenium lane north | plymouth, mn 55441
phone: (763) 550-7212
email: pamela schroeder, affiliate director
web: http://mndi.org/

get social









 

 
 
 





		empowered by tellwell ♥	


facebookxyoutubeinstagrampinterestlinkedin
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





 

get social









 


search for:








 








 
 
page load link










go to top




