



	home page - jefferson parish juvenile court
























jefferson parish juvenile court




about 

history

driving directions

dress code
holidays
security

judges

ada accommodations
sexual harassment policy

2024 jefferson parish juvenile court budget



resources 


jurisdiction

juvenile delinquency
child support
child in need of care
other programs

child support docket

printable forms

child support calculator
court rules

harassment policy-english
harassment policy-spanish
equal employment opportuity
employment opportunities
employment application

service animals public policy-english
service animals public policy-spanish

judicial ability to comment statement
transcript fees

juvenile crime statistics
external links



non-english support 


request an interpreter / solicite un intérprete
request a hearing or continuance / necesito una audencia con la corte
language access plan



employment


equal employment opportuity
job openings
employment application


contact
payments
my info
español


log in



















the mission of the jefferson parish juvenile court is to fairly and impartially apply the law to each case before it so that justice is administered equally; advocate for and support services to children, families, and the community; ensure the community functions in the best interest of children so that all the children of jefferson parish may reach their full potential.

learn more







virtual hearing information


if you are positive for any type of contagious disease or experiencing symptoms as a result of a contagious disease, please call (504) 367-3500 before coming into the courthouse.  your hearing may need to be handled virtually or be rescheduled.

                        in extenuating circumstances, parties in child support or juvenile traffic matters may request to attend their hearings virtually through zoom or by phone if necessary. "extenuating circumstances" include, but are not limited to: sickness, physical handicap, quarantining, etc.  a virtual hearing is not guaranteed.  approval to attend a hearing virtually is at the judge’s or hearing officer’s discretion.  a request for a virtual hearing must be submitted at least 36 hours before the hearing.  if the request for a virtual hearing is denied the party will have to attend their hearing in person.  click here to download zoom meeting instructions

                        parties to child support matters should contact their case worker through the district attorney’s office at (504)364-3630 if they have any issues attending any hearings.







section a
hon. jennifer guillot womble


judge jennifer guillot womble was elected without opposition on january 27, 2023 to section a of the jefferson parish juvenile court.  prior to being elected, judge womble was a public defender representing children and indigent parents in thousands of cases in jefferson parish and the surrounding parishes in southeast louisiana.  she additionally handled hundreds of adoptions in her private practice for over 20 plus years.  moreover, before becoming an experienced trial attorney, judge womble spent five years as the law clerk for judge ann murry keller, her predecessor in section a.     


learn more




section b
hon. amanda c. calogero, chief judge



                    judge amanda c. calogero was elected in november of 2018 to section "b" of the jefferson parish juvenile court.
                    for the 7 years prior to her election, judge calogero oversaw the juvenile arm of the district attorney’s office
                    as the juvenile chief, supervising all of the juvenile delinquency, child dependency, and child support cases.
                    she had been an assistant district attorney with jefferson parish since 1998.  prior to her position in juvenile justice,
                    judge calogero screened cases involving child abuse in the family violence department and successfully prosecuted
                    numerous sex- crime and homicide cases. in one specific case, in 2000, she was the first prosecutor in her jurisdiction
                    to present dna evidence that introduced "y-filer" evidence for the first time in jefferson parish.
                


learn more




section c
hon. barron c. burmaster


barron c. burmaster was elected to section "c" on november 16, 2013. he attended mcdonogh 26 elementary school, gretna middle school, and west jefferson high school. the judge served as student council president at gretna and was president of the class of 1981 at west jefferson, where he also served as president of the national honor society and commander of the air force junior rotc program. he received a full academic scholarship to attend loyola university graduating in 1986 with a bachelor of arts degree in religious studies. he then received a full academic scholarship to attend loyola law school receiving his juris doctorate in 1989. after graduation, judge burmaster served as the criminal law clerk for the judges of 24th district court until may 1991 when he was appointed an assistant district attorney.


learn more








×
important alerts from the court

court holiday schedule


service animal policy - please view our service animal policy.
                

cell phones - no cellular phones are allowed in the courthouse
                

dress code - those in violation of the court's dress code may be asked to leave and return in the proper attire.  violation of this order may result in a finding of contempt.
                

security notice for attorneys


security notice for law enforcement


hearing officer dockets are now available under the resources tab.
                

                    jefferson parish juvenile court is now sending text message reminders for all upcoming child support cases. all persons served notice to appear and that have provided a cell phone number will receive text message reminders.
                
juvenile court does not accept personal checks as a form of payment for any fine or fee.
                





assistance for participants
it is the policy of the jefferson parish juvenile court to make such necessary and reasonable efforts as may be required in order to assist those in need of accommodation to participate in any proceeding and/or visit the court on any official business. requests for accommodations should be made to the operations manager. any individual aggrieved by the court's response to an expressed need for an accommodation shall contact the judicial administrator or deputy judicial administrator.

request an interpreter 

request a hearing or continuance



asistencia para los participantes
es política del tribunal de menores de la parroquia de jefferson hacer los esfuerzos necesarios y razonables que sean necesarios para ayudar a quienes necesitan adaptaciones para participar en cualquier procedimiento y/o visitar el tribunal en cualquier asunto oficial. las solicitudes de adaptaciones deben hacerse al gerente de operaciones. toda persona que se sienta agraviada por la respuesta del tribunal a una necesidad expresa de adaptación deberá comunicarse con el administrador judicial o el administrador judicial adjunto.

solicite un intérprete
necesito una audencia con la corte



hỗ trợ cho người tham gia
chính sách của tòa án vị thành niên giáo xứ jefferson là thực hiện những nỗ lực cần thiết và hợp lý khi có thể được yêu cầu để hỗ trợ những người cần chỗ ở tham gia vào bất kỳ thủ tục tố tụng nào và / hoặc đến thăm tòa án trong bất kỳ hoạt động kinh doanh chính thức nào. các yêu cầu về chỗ ở phải được gửi đến người quản lý hoạt động. bất kỳ cá nhân nào bị phản đối bởi phản ứng của tòa án đối với nhu cầu rõ ràng về chỗ ở phải liên hệ với quản trị viên tư pháp hoặc phó quản trị viên tư pháp.

yêu cầu thông dịch viên
yêu cầu điều trần hoặc tiếp tục





filing information

                for information on filing please contact the jefferson parish clerk of court's office.

            

                receiving/records	(504) 227-7816
            

                issuing department	(504) 263-6381
            

                minute clerks	(504) 227-7804
            

                adoptions	(504) 263-6396
            

                e-file	efilejuv@jpclerkofcourt.us
            


helpful numbers

                da's juvenile diversion	(504) 364-6134
            

                juvenile services (probation)	(504) 364-3750
            

                rivarde detention center	(504) 364-2860
            

                j.p. sheriff's office	911
            

                indigent defender board	(504) 364-2820
            



×
report fraud, waste and abuse!
click here for more information about reporting fraud, waste and abuse from the louisiana legislative auditor.








© 2025 - jefferson parish juvenile court







