




 



digital collections | collections | collections | hbll























materials

 guides 


 databases 
 journals 
 collections 


 formats
 articles
 books
 audio
 video
 more





help & info

 chat

 email



 your name



 your email address




 your question/comment



 your status 〉


undergraduate
graduate student
faculty
staff
other



leave this blank

don't change this

 





 phone


call (801) 422-6061
text (801) 623-6838



 directory
 faq


 services 
 places
 events
 about



 feedback



 name



 email address




 feedback



 status  〉


undergraduate
graduate
faculty
staff
library employee
other


if you need a response, please provide your email address.
the url of the current page will be sent with your feedback.

leave this blank

don't change this
 









 

menu
 login 
   
  collections

digital collections scanned images of books, documents, photographs, and other materials, primarily from special collections, as well as research published by byu faculty and students. 
 






 
browse collections
  19th-century mormon article newspaper index a bibliography of national newspaper articles dating from 1831 to 1900, which deal in some way with the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, the mormons, or with the territory or state of utah.   19th-century publications about the book of mormon (1829–1844) since its publication in 1830, both latter-day saint and non-latter-day saint readers have cast the book of mormon in a variety of roles. this collection represents an effort to gather together that body of literature and make it available to those interested in the origins of the book of mormon.   alice louise reynolds diaries and notes diaries, lecture notes, correspondence, and autobiographical materials related to alice louise reynolds, including her teaching and travels.   american travelers in italy the italian travel literature collection makes a number of titles available in full-text-searchable format for students, faculty, and others interested in italian studies.   arthur v. watkins papers biographies, brochures, pamphlets, newspaper articles, photographs, correspondence, speeches, and various other materials. much of the correspondence deals with watkins’s work in the senate.   byu history the byu history collection includes many student publications (academic review, the banyan, business journal, the normal, and the white and blue) which documents the life of the university from the 1890s to the 1920s. it includes information on campus events and student life, as well advertisements, editorials and essays. additionally, the collection includes campus photographs from 1875–1975.   byu master’s theses on mormonism master’s theses on mormonism published at byu since the early ’30s   byu web archive a collection of blogs, websites, social media, news, and other internet content relating to or created by members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints and captured using the internet archive.   barbara stewart anderson collection on raymond r. and ava beckstrand stewart scrapbooks, journals, biographical works, and other materials collected by anderson about her parents, raymond r. and ava beckstrand stewart.   beaver county woman’s suffrage association papers handwritten documents of the papers of the woman’s suffrage association which met in beaver, utah. items include minutes, newsletters, songs, and regulations for the group. also includes a letter from emmeline b. wells to mary a. white, president of the association, dated 1895, and a “equal rights” banner. dated approximately 1892-1895.   benjamin cluff diaries four diaries and their respective transcripts covering cluff’s life during the period from 1881-1909   benson institute theses electronic theses sponsored or assisted by the benson institute at byu.   brigham smoot family papers journals, letters, and other materials produced by members of the brigham smoot family in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.   c. r. savage collection over 1,000 images from one of the foremost 19th-century landscape photographers of the western united states. the collection includes portraits of many prominent mormon leaders, some native american portraits, and views of utah and the west mining operations.   campus photographs this collection contains historical photographs that document campus life at brigham young university, brigham young university–idaho, and brigham young university–hawaii. images include student life, athletic competitions, campus buildings, portraits of individuals, and aerial shots of the various campuses.   church chronology: a record of important events compiled by andrew jenson in 1914, this collection includes chronological information of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints from 1805–1913.   civilization collection selected images from civilizations around the world   collection of land indentures a collection of 1,449 handwritten land indentures from 1405 to 1919, mostly on parchment. these materials have been used as examples of handwriting for paleography courses.   daily enquirer one of the oldest provo, utah newspapers, published from 1889–1908, also known under the title provo daily enquirer.   david john diaries five volumes of handwritten diaries kept by david john from 1856 until his death in 1908.   department of theatre and media arts theatre production slides slides, photographs, programs, and information about theatre shows that were put on by brigham young university from 1970 to 2004.   deseret news the weekly edition of the deseret news was published from june 15, 1850 to december 10, 1898; it was the first newspaper published in the utah territory, only three years after the mormon pioneers settled in the great salt lake valley.   deseret news extra this collection of early mormon publications includes books, missionary tracts, doctrinal treatises, hymnals, and periodicals that helped define doctrinal development and historical movements of the mormon people in the 19th century.   didymus papyrus a portion of didymus the blind’s (ad 313–398) commentary on the psalms   edith irvine collection 293 photographs of california. especially stunning are her 1906 san francisco earthquake images, with other important california images from the electra power project (1898–1902), mokelumne hill, and yosemite national park.   edward m. hayhurst correspondence and other material correspondence between civil war soldier edward m. hayhurst and various members of his family, including his father, mother, brothers, and grandparents.   eisenhower communiqués wwii daily battle communiques searchable by personal and city names   electronic theses and dissertations electronic versions of works submitted to the byu school of graduate studies   emmeline b. wells diaries forty-five volumes of emmeline b. wells’s personal diaries, dating from 1844 to 1920, giving an account of her experiences as an early lds pioneer and leader of women.   encyclopedia of mormonism (1992 print version) macmillan’s: 1992 encyclopedia of mormonism   encyclopedia of mormonism (wiki version) macmillan’s: 1992 encyclopedia of mormonism   evening and morning star the collection includes newspapers from 1832–1836, written in kirtland, ohio and independence, missouri. it has been inferred by scholars that oliver cowdery was the earliest editor of the newspaper.   the evening and the morning star the first mormon newspaper had its conception at a church conference in ohio in september 1831 when william w. phelps, a new convert and a veteran newspaperman, was directed to purchase a press and type and establish a newspaper in independence, missouri. the first regular number of the star appeared in june, and between june 1832 and july 1833, phelps published a total of fourteen numbers before the press was destroyed on july 20, 1833.    the evening and the morning star extra the star extra reprints the missouri handbill together with two editorial comments by oliver cowdery. its main text, entitled ‘the mormons’ so called, is signed by parley pratt, newel knight, john carrill and dated december 12, 1833. it recounts the events leading up to the destruction of the star office, the agreement of the saints to leave jackson county by april 1, 1834, and their violent expulsion in november 1833.   foundations of the restoration rel c 225 sources database   french political pamphlets the collection of french political pamphlets in the l. tom perry special collections (ltpsc) at brigham young university features more than 2,100 pamphlets published between 1547 and 1626.   fruits of their labors: orchards in utah valley the stories of the fruit orchards are an integral part of the history of utah valley. in july 2004, participants in a field school (co-sponsored by the library of congress’ american folklife center and harold b. lee library’s wilson folklore archives) interviewed orchard growers across utah valley to document agricultural traditions. the information gathered during this field school—including interviews, transcripts and photographs—are included in this digital collection.   george beard collection landscape artist george beard (1854–1944), was also an ‘artist with a camera.’ the almost 1800 photographs of utah, idaho and wyoming in this digital collection demonstrate an artist’s eye for composition and lighting.   george edward anderson collection 14,020 images taken ca. 1878–1928, which includes studio and environmental portraits, mostly of utah residents; utah railroad and mining history (including the 1900 scofield mine disaster); and mormon (lds) church historic sites.   george willard harmon papers thirty-eight journals belonging to harmon, documenting his school, work, and family life from 1929 to 1986.   german maps (topographische karte 1:25,000) a set of topographic maps of pre-world war ii germany, originally printed by the german government, and confiscated by the british and u.s. military after the war. most of these maps are reprints by the british geographical section, general staff, or the u.s. army map service.   government documents material published by every federal agency spanning over 150 years.   historical clothing collection the historical clothing collection of byu’s department of theatre and media arts features artifacts from the late eighteenth century through the 1990s. the collection is organized by period, type, and gender.   huntington bagley collection elfie huntington and joseph bagley were noted portrait photographers of the early 20th century, who were trained by george edward anderson. this digital collection selects approximately 4,500 images out of their collection of over 15,000 studio and environmental portraits from central and southern utah.   hyrum smith papers diaries, letters, property records, and family records related to hyrum smith from his life in ohio, missouri, and illinois.   interactive archivist using case studies, this publication highlights how archivists are utilizing web 2.0 technologies to improve the delivery of services and information to their user base.    isaac russell correspondence correspondence between isaac russell and his family and letters to and from leaders and members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints. also includes some correspondence between parley p. pratt and his family.   james e. talmage journals twelve of thirty volumes of james e. talmage’s personal diaries, dating from 1879 to 1911, giving an account of his experiences as a student, educator, scientist and author, prior to becoming an lds apostle.   jensen family journals journals and family histories of members of the jensen family, dating from between 1898 to 1988. most of the diaries deal with missionary service for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints. also includes information on family life in idaho and genealogy.   jesse wentworth crosby diaries diaries that provide an account of jesse wentworth crosby’s activities in cowley, wyoming, and in nearby communities, focusing on canal construction, his store, and other business enterprises, plus agricultural, church, and political activities.   john donne sermons access to the complete john donne sermon texts for scholars and interested readers   john f. a. seggar rugby papers records regarding the rugby team at brigham young university in provo, utah from 1968 to 2003.   john steele papers diaries, notes, correspondence, dictionaries, surveys, bonds, certificates, horoscopes, and military orders. the correspondence was to and from john steele, other family members, and acquaintances. the materials document the activities of the steele family, john’s militia and mormon battalion activities, his missions to england and to the indians, his migration to utah, and his life in utah and nevada. also included is a dictionary of the southern paiute language created by john steele. materials dated 1816-1989.   joseph c. nelson photographs of brigham young university forty-seven photographs documenting campus life in the 1920s   joseph hawkins papers six items relating to joseph hawkins’ role in the mormon war in missouri. includes original handwritten and signed letters from missouri governor lilburn w. boggs, adjutant general b. m. lisle, and brigadier general green white, which contain military orders to hawkins. also includes a printed general order (original was removed to print collection) by lilburn w. boggs and b. m. lisle; and, a newspaper article on joseph hawkins from a 1924 missouri newspaper.   joseph jérome le français de lalande letters to mme. dupiery thirty-three letters written from joseph jérôme le français de lalande to mme. de piery discussing his work, the current political situation, and personal matters.   josiah a. scarritt journal journal that provides relfections by josiah a. scarritt on his conversion to christianity and his life as a methodist preacher in new hampshire in the early 19th century.   journal of discourses published from 1853 to 1886, this periodical contains stenographic reports of sermons of the lds church authorities. the discourses cover all aspects of mormon life, although most are doctrinal in nature.   leslie norris critical bibliography bibliography listing secondary literature about norris’s creative work   letters of philip ii, king of spain these letters from philip ii, king of spain—mainly to don diego de orellana de chaves, royal governor of spain’s northern coast—date from the time of naval war against england and france, 1592–1597.   lord baden powell papers letters, scrapbooks, photographs, and more documenting powell’s life, including his work to establish the scouting movement.   marcel schwob collection the marcel schwob digital collection is a digital publication of 72 previously unpublished letters. the collection also includes a digital version of marcel schwob: correspondance inédite (droz 1985), edited by former byu professor and schwob scholar john alden green   marcus bach collection marcus bach works related to philosophy and spiritual understanding including books and his outreach newsletter   millennial star the millennial star was the longest running latter-day saint (lds) periodical, published continuously for 130 years until discontinued in 1970.   miscellaneous books titles featured in this collection include church chronology: a record of important events pertaining to the history of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, encyclopedic history of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, latter-day saint biographical encyclopedia, and progressive men of eastern idaho.   a mormon bibliography, 1830–1930 this site is an electronic version of the printed bibliography a mormon bibliography, 1830–1930.   mormon missionary collections missionary-related manuscript collections   mormon missionary diaries a growing and geographically varied collection of original writings from the 1830s into the 1960s.   mormon publications: 19th and 20th centuries this collection of early mormon publications includes books, missionary tracts, doctrinal treatises, hymnals, and periodicals, which helped define the doctrinal development and historical movements of the mormon people in the 19th and the 20th centuries.   mormon studies resources the harold b. lee library’s resource guide for online material on mormon theology, history, culture, and people.   new world archaeological foundation the nwaf papers are reports of fieldwork and of studies of subjects related to mesoamerican (southern mexico, guatemala, belize, el salvador and western honduras) archaeology.   newel kimball whitney papers correspondence, financial and legal documents, early lds church records, military records, manuscript revelations, poetry, journals, and other material collected or created by newel k. whitney and his family, primarily from the illinois era (1839-1846).   oliver boardman huntington papers diaries, ephemera, and patriarchal blessings produced by oliver boardman huntington and his son, oliver b. huntington, spanning 1843 to 1932.   overland trails trails of hope: overland diaries and letters, 1846–1869 showcases original pioneer writings   papyri multi-spectral imaging project the ancient textual imaging group (atig) at byu has pioneered developments into enhancing texts of deteriorated and damaged papyri using multi-spectral imaging. this research collection represents the completion of a two-year venture by atig to capture, process, and provide public access to high-quality multi-spectral images of hundreds of legibly problematic papyrus documents from collections at the university of michigan; university of california, berkeley; and columbia university.   paul willes and beth dixon cheney mission papers journals, scrapbooks, and papers from paul willes and beth dixon cheney’s latter-day saint missions to the canada winnipeg, canada halifax, taiwan taipei temple, and salt lake family history missions.   perpetual emigrating fund company records handwritten correspondence, financial instruments, passenger lists, and miscellaneous items. the materials relate to the activities and finances of the perpetual emigrating fund of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints. included is a letter signed by church leaders, brigham young (1801-1877) and erastus snow (1818-1888). nine of the documents are in danish. an index is located in the first folder of the collection.   primrose international viola archive (piva) the largest repository of materials related to the viola in the world, including the ulrich drüner collection of viola music.   provo historical images featuring more than 800 views of provo city and the vicinity, provo historical images captures the growth and change of provo from the 1870s through the 1990s.   relief society magazine index this index includes the major standard categories of material: lessons, articles, fiction, poetry, plays, recipes, notes from the field (ward and stake relief societies), and happenings (individuals) from the relief society magazine (1914–1970).   religious education image archive includes the religious education image archive collection   religious studies center the out-of-print publications of the religious studies center, the research and publication arm of religious education.   royal opera house concert programs database the royal opera house concert programs database indexed concert programs for the years 1946-2010 with advance keyword searching for titles, creators, conductors, directors, performers and set designers. accompanying commentary and illustrative content describing performance pieces are also fully indexed.   sfondrati family papers legal documents, land records, and family papers related to the sfondrati and associated families in northern italy, dating from the 15th to 19th centuries.   syriac studies reference library the syriac studies reference library is a collection of rare and out-of-print titles that are of vital importance for syriac studies   utah digital newspapers an archive of newspapers from various counties in the state of utah from the early 1850s to the 1970s.   victoria r.i. bibliography this site is a completed, electronic version of the printed bibliography victoria r. i., representing the nucleus of the library’s victorian collection.   wallace f. bennett papers correspondence, speeches, bills, legislative resolutions, press releases, financial records, statistical tables, photographs, printed material, newspaper clippings, and notes document wallace f. bennett’s activities   walter mason camp collection 86 photographic images of the indian wars of north america, 1865–1890.   weir family papers & photographs the weir family papers and weir family photographs document the lives of various members of the weir family, including robert walter weir (1803–1889), john ferguson weir (1841–1926), and julian alden weir (1852–1919). the collection contains correspondence, diaries, scrapbooks, manuscripts, speeches, artwork, clippings, and published material relating to the family, dating from 1765 to 1929. the bulk of the collection relates to julian alden weir.   western waters digital library data on the great rivers of the west, with initial concentration on the colorado, columbia, platte, and rio grande.    wilford woodruff family letters letters written between wilford woodruff and members of his family. letters are to his wife emma s. woodruff and to his children clara and blanch. also included are letters from emma woodruff to mr. and mrs. o. c. beebe as well as letters between emma woodruff and her daughter clara. letters talk about family activities and contain advice from wilford woodruff to his family. one letter is written shortly before woodruff died in san francisco. another is written while wilford woodruff was in hiding during the polygamy raids of the 1880s. the letters date from 1877 to 1909. also included are photocopies of the letters which include handwritten transcriptions of them. a handwritten index of the letters is also included.   william a. wilson folklore archive committed to collecting and preserving folklore, the william a. wilson digital folklore archives focuses on families, religious life of latter-day saints and other religious movements, university students, and regional life in the intermountain west. home of the largest collection of mormon folklore, the digital archive also houses significant collections of legends, customs, speech, beliefs, songs, material culture, tales and jokes, games, riddles, and personal narratives.   william gates papers a variety of materials relating to the languages history and archaeology of the indian peoples of central america, and emphasizes the mayan and aztec civilizations.   william henry jackson collection almost 1,100 images from one of the most renowned 19th-century landscape photographers of the american west. the collection includes landscapes of the western united states and mexico, but also 231 images of asia and pacific countries, 60 native american portraits, and 30 pieces of art.   william thomas ogden mission papers includes five diaries and one autograph book from ogden’s mission to the samoan islands. also includes three oversize mounted photographs, a cabinet card portrait of ogden, and several loose photographs of people and places where ogden served in samoa. dated 1898-1901.   william wines phelps papers collection of original correspondence and journal extracts written by william wines (w.w.) phelps and his family, giving an account of important events in the early history of the lds church in kirtland and missouri.   woman’s exponent the woman’s exponent (1872–1914) was established for latter-day saint women, and operated independent of the church. editor louise l. greene declared in the first issue, ‘…we will endeavor, at all times, to speak freely on every topic of current interest, and on every subject as it arises in which the women of utah, and the great sisterhood the world over, are specially interested.’   world war ii photographs by j malan heslop more than 1,350 images scanned from negatives, original prints, and slides. heslop served in the u.s. army and documented the final months of world war ii in austria, belgium, france, luxembourg, and germany.   yellowstone national park history explore the history of yellowstone national park through selected materials available online.   young woman’s journal founding editor susa young gates emphasized the young woman’s journal (1889–1929) ‘as an outlet for the literary gifts of the girl members…while representing the truths of the gospel of jesus christ.’ 

partnerships

byu idaho david o. mckay library
byu hawaii joseph f. smith library
familysearch digital library
internet archive — hbll collection
mountain west digital library
digital public library of america



   


home
site index
 facebook
 twitter
 youtube
more


						p.o. box 26800, provo, ut 84602-6800
						(801) 422-6061
					
©2025 brigham young university

privacy notice | cookie preferences

 
 




