





eshg: eshg home












the european societyof human genetics







home
contact
join eshg
login





















newsnewsfor mediaeshg newsletter archivegenetic sounds - the eshg podcast seriesnew variant classification systemconsultationsabout usthe societyeshg boardcommitteeshistorystatutesawardsdata protection policymembershipjoin/renew membershipmembership feesmembership categoriesejhg online accessmeetingseshg 2025future eshg meetingspast eshg meetingsmeeting calendarpolicy statementspolicy and ethics committeepolicy statementseshg documentsreceived documentspress releasesejhgeuropean journal of human geneticsejhg online accesseducationeducation committeeeshg coursesother courseseshg webinar seriesivdr webinarconference video webcast archiveeshg mentorship programmeeshg observership programmeeducational resourcesichg initiativeinformation for patients and familieseuropean relationsnhgs contactsmeetings of the nhgseuropean board of medical geneticsuems section of medical geneticsjobs/collaborationsgenetics as medical specialtygenetics in europe










newsnewsfor mediaeshg newsletter archivegenetic sounds - the eshg podcast seriesnew variant classification systemconsultationsabout usthe societyeshg boardcommitteeshistorystatutesawardsdata protection policymembershipjoin/renew membershipmembership feesmembership categoriesejhg online accessmeetingseshg 2025future eshg meetingspast eshg meetingsmeeting calendarpolicy statementspolicy and ethics committeepolicy statementseshg documentsreceived documentspress releasesejhgeuropean journal of human geneticsejhg online accesseducationeducation committeeeshg coursesother courseseshg webinar seriesivdr webinarconference video webcast archiveeshg mentorship programmeeshg observership programmeeducational resourcesichg initiativeinformation for patients and familieseuropean relationsnhgs contactsmeetings of the nhgseuropean board of medical geneticsuems section of medical geneticsjobs/collaborationsgenetics as medical specialtygenetics in europe


welcome to eshg








renew your 2025  membership
renewals for 2025 are now open to all individuals in european and non-european countries.





news
current news in the fields of human andmedical genetics.





eshg 2025
eshg 2025 is  planned as a hybrid conference in milan, italy, from may 24-27.





public and professional policy
the pppc aims at contributing to the responsible translation of advancements in human genetics.





ejhg
the european journal of human genetics is the official journal of the eshg.





genetic education
one of eshg's primary goals is to ensueeducation in all genetic branches.








                
                
                    



                
                
                

    the european society of human genetics is a non-profit organization. its aims are to promote research in basic and applied human and medical genetics, to ensure high standards in clinical practice and to facilitate contacts between all persons who share these aims, particularly those working in europe.


                
                    



                
                
                    



                
            

about eshg








news






					2025-02-11
					





forcing authors to edit or retract papers simply because they contain ‘forbidden terms’ is damaging to scientific integrity, says eshg





statement from eshg


more information













					2025-02-10
					





call for research project proposals 2025 edition





the mia neri foundation is awarding two €100,000 grants for research on childhood brain tumors—priority for young investigators, deadline june 30!


more information













					2025-01-28
					





membership renewals for 2025 are now open!





this year, we’ve upgraded to a brand-new membership management system, making the renewal process smoother than ever.


more information













					2024-10-25
					





bsgm & eshg condemn attempts to resurrect discredited race science and promote the pseudoscience of eugenics





harmful misuse of genetics to perpetuate outdated and discredited ideologies


more information













					2024-10-11
					





eshg does it again! john jumper, 2022 plenary lecturer, wins chemistry nobel





dr john jumper, who was invited to give a lecture in the opening plenary session of the 2022 eshg annual conference, is one of three winners of this…


more information













					2024-02-22
					





opting-in to data sharing in the european health data space will disadvantage research on personalised medicine, says eshg





the european society of human genetics is deeply concerned by the european parliament’s decision to mandate an opt-in provision for the sharing  of…


more information









all news










european societyof human genetics



address
eshg c/o wma gmbhalser strasse 4, 1090 vienna, austriazvr: 1086789529


e-mail
office@eshg.org


data protection policy
more information


phone
+43 1 405 13 83 12


legal notice
more information











©  eshg c/o wma gmbh. all rights reserved.











