








homepage | episcopal diocese of long island



































        skip to main content
      







main navigation




menu







close






about





the episcopal church


the diocese of long island





visiting


our bishops


office of the bishop & diocesan departments


episcopal cemeteries




cycle of prayer


job opportunities




programs and ministries





congregational support


dcdi


commission on ministry


creation care


diocesan altar guild


diocesan daily office


diocesan vergers guild


ecw


education for ministry


episcopal real estate of li


reparations committee


sacred ground


uncovering parish histories


youth and young adults


--separator--


cathedral of the incarnation


camp dewolfe


center for spiritual imagination


episcopal ministries of long island


mercer school of theology


parish and ministry directory


st. ann & the holy trinity


st. john’s episcopal hospital




news & events





news


diocesan and parish calendars


photo galleries


video library


lgbtqia+ pride 2024


general convention 2024




resources 





clergy resources





compensation guidelines


sacraments & liturgy


transition ministry




congregation resources





beloved journey


convention


diocesan archives


grants & loans


parish governance & administration


parochial & audit reports


safe church


eucharistic visitors




episcopal church / anglican communion resources





churchwide resources





tec ministry departments


general convention


tec canons


episcopal news service




liturgical resources





book of common prayer


lectionary page




anglican communion resources





anglican communion news service


lambeth conference





















search




      go
    




find a church



 serving god's people in
brooklyn, queens, nassau and suffolk


 



news & storiesnewsday: president trump's halt to u.s. refugee resettlement program angers some faith leaders
        fr. steven paulikas, rector of all saints, park slope, calls trump's refugee program suspension "heartbreaking" and "anti-american."
  highlights from january and february diaconate ordinations
        bishop provenzano ordained four new transitional deacons and vocational deacons during two recent ordination services.
  resources from finance and administration seminar 2025
        the seminar was designed to empower parish leadership. recordings and presentations are now available to view.
  view more newsupcoming eventsthe rev. absalom jones day celebrationfeb222025
    february 22, 2025 | time: 11am - 1pm
  11amvocations day 2025mar12025
    march 1, 2025 | time: 9am - 1pm
  9amdiscernment daymar12025
    march 1, 2025 | time: 9am - 1pm
  9amview more events
                                      applications open for 2025 barbara c. harris scholarship
                                      the reparations committee of the episcopal diocese of long island is accepting applications for the barbara c. harris scholars program until april 30th, 2025.the scholarship is designated for descendants of enslaved people in brooklyn, queens, and nassau and suffolk counties. applicants must be starting, or continuing to pursue, post-secondary education at an accredited occupational, vocational, or trade union training program and reside within the diocese of long island, which encompasses brooklyn, queens, and nassau and suffolk counties in new york. successful applicants will demonstrate scholarly achievement, possess leadership skills, be involved in their communities, and have an expressed commitment to continuing education.the rt. rev. lawrence c. provenzano, bishop of the diocese of long island, will present the $5,000 scholarships at a juneteenth celebration at the cathedral of the incarnation in garden city on saturday, june 21, 2025. further details on the celebration are forthcoming.learn morefeatured videoview more videosuse the episcopal asset map to find a church or ministry in your neighborhood. find a church






 get in touch 36 cathedral avenue, garden city, ny 11530
				 516-248-4800 communication@dioceseli.org

 
quick links


convention


events


news


parish administration


resource library


safe church


directory




 keep in touch 




































































































































copyright (©) 2025. episcopal diocese of long island. all rights reserved. terms & conditionswe use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. learn morei agree

























