












expert witness directory and expert witness consultants | expert pages






	www.expertpages.com - expertpages®
















































loading expertpages®







 












 about usmember loginexperts - get listed today  













home find an expertsearch by categorysearch by locationrequest an expertai search tool (beta) libraryexpertpages libraryfeatured articlesmember articlesgeneral information for attorneys and expertsmedical specialties general expertisesummaries of court casesexpertpages fees and practices survey resultsblog 





 menu
			        



home find an expertsearch by categorysearch by locationrequest an expertai search tool (beta) libraryexpertpages libraryfeatured articlesmember articlesgeneral information for attorneys and expertsmedical specialties general expertisesummaries of court casesexpertpages fees and practices survey resultsblog 










 

we link attorneys, law firms and businesses to leading expert witnesses & consultants 

click here to try our new ai-enabled search tool 






                specializing in:
            



                sub-specialty:
            






accidents / injuries / safetyautomotive / aviation / boat / railbusiness & financialchemical / environmental / energycomputers / internet & technologyconstruction & architecturedocuments & handwritingengineering & scienceentertainment & recreationequipment and machinery expert witness directoryexpert witness and litigation support directoryexpert witness labor & employment litigation supportfamily / child custody / senior carefood / hotel & restaurantforeign governments/law and international business expert directoryforensic accounting and appraisal services expert directoryforensic scientist and forensic engineers expert directoryhealth care /  hospitalshuman and industrial safety expert witness directoryhuman resourcesindustry specific expert witnesses and consultantsinsuranceinvestigativeinvestigative & forensiclaboratory / testing expert witness directorylaw and litigation support consultant/expert directorylegal service providerslitigation support and services providers directorymedicalmedical / surgical specialtiesmedical issuesmedico-legal servicesmotorsportsorganizational improvementoutdoor recreation activitiespolice & penalpsychiatry & psychologyreal estateschools & education 







search now








 








                                                expert fees survey                    

                        how much do expert witnesses charge?                    

                        find out                    








                                                ai search tool (beta)                    

                        use ai to find the right expert witness                    

                        ai-enabled search tool                    








                                                request an expert - free                    

                        let us help you find the right expert                    

                        expert request                    






category quick linksview all 

 






                        new blog articles                    








8 rules to help expert witnesses survive...
seasoned experts have generally overcome their fea...

                                            read more
                                        







expert witnesses: be wary of using ai to...
the minnesota legislature passed a law that prohib...

                                            read more
                                        







can florida enforce the limit on fees th...
florida’s workers’ compensation statut...

                                            read more
                                        







expert’s inability to explain the evid...
state farm insurance is griping about “legal...

                                            read more
                                        







when can expert witnesses testify about ...
professionals who provide medical care have a duty...

                                            read more
                                        







how should new expert witnesses establis...
hourly billing is the simplest and most common way...

                                            read more
                                        











 






                        featured experts                    









                                            barbara luna                                         







                                                 expert witness testimony in complex litigation involving business, real estate,...                                                                                            

                                                    view listing
                                                







                                            ted simon, ph.d, dabt                                         







                                                 dr. simon is an award-winning toxicologist and scientist with 10+ years' experience...                                                                                            

                                                    view listing
                                                







                                            michael d. pakter cpa, cff, cg...                                         







                                                 mr. pakter has more than 40 years of experience in accounting, forensic accounting,...                                                                                            

                                                    view listing
                                                







                                            vector scientific, inc. (vsi)                                         







                                                 vector scientific, inc. (vsi) provides high-quality forensic consulting services...                                                                                            

                                                    view listing
                                                







                                            herschel lessin, m.d.                                         







                                                 dr. herschel lessin has been a full-time practicing pediatrician since 1982 and...                                                                                            

                                                    view listing
                                                







                                            gloria m. kardong, md, dlfapa,...                                         







                                                 gloria m. kardong, m.d. is a board-certified psychiatrist who has been in full...                                                                                            

                                                    view listing
                                                


















are you an expert witness?signup today for membership on expertpages.com. receive direct referrals and inquiries, with no lead fees, no fee sharing, and no markups. 

                                become a member                            






about expertpagessince 1995, expertpages.com has been the leading online resource for attorneys, law firms, and corporations seeking expert witnesses and consultants. 





 








  companyterms & conditionsprivacy policycontact us expertsloginget listedfees and practices survey attorneyssearch by categoryrequest an expertarticle library 

















 use for marketing or solicitation is prohibited. expertpages® and attorneypages® are trademarks and units of advice company™. for feedback or listing information only, contact us.

expertpages®.com was the first and is the leading expert witness and consultant site on the internet, and is america's preferred™ online expert directory. use of expertpages® is subject to our disclaimer and terms of service and conditions of use agreement, and privacy policy. use for marketing or solicitation is prohibited. expertpages® and attorneypages® are trademarks and units of advice company™, copyright 1995 to 2025 - all rights reserved.
 accredited since: 5/1/1999 











 

 




 



