








brandingblog by dave young | marketing advice and advertising strategy for local business owners













































brandingblog by dave young
marketing advice and advertising strategy for local business owners


menu
skip to content
home
about
 








a divorcee, a dentist and a marketing wonk walk into a bar*



don’t you just love stock images?
true story: one man marries and divorces 6 wives in 10 years. 
true story: a woman tells 7 different dentists over 5 years that none of them know how to make good dentures.
true story: a business owner hires 5 marketing consultants in 7 years, yet the business continues to decline. 
question: what do the man, the woman, and the business owner have in common?
are they unlucky in love, periodontal disease and commerce?
or, are they willingly unwilling to find success? 
the man in the first story is a terrible husband.
the woman in the second story is a lousy patient.
the business owner in the third story….well, you get the picure.
moral: as you navigate the stormy waters of life, spend some time in self-examination. failure isn’t a bad thing, as long as you can learn from it and apply what you’ve learned in the future. 
the flip side
question: what do the 6 wives, 7 dentists and 5 marketing consultants have in common?
each of them likely ignored many warning signs that they were about to be engaged by an asshole.
moral: as you strive for love and success, find a way to steer clear of people who refuse to be happy. this often involves trusting your gut feelings as well as your closest advisors. sometimes that’s hard to do.
*in ad-writing 101 we learn that the purpose of the headline is to get you to read the next line. did it work?


			this entry was posted in leadership, original content, quotable, uncategorized and tagged advertising, consulting, marketing on july 21, 2020 by dave young.								




worthless bastards of tucson




i’ve started hosting worthless bastards meetings every friday at my office location in tucson. my office is in a very cool place called rail yard. stop by and say hello.
if you aren’t sure whether you’d enjoy a worthless bastard meeting, just read some of the info on the main web site at www.worthlessbastards.org.
frankly, i think of these meetings as ted talks without the hassle of finding speakers and a stage.
join our tucson worthless bastards group on facebook.


			this entry was posted in worthless bastards on april 1, 2016 by dave young.								




creative genius? really?




perhaps i tend to read too much into the intent of the prickly pear. the one i sent to roy was casting quixotic shadow puppets. this one seems to be reaching out to slap me as i walk down the sidewalk.
a lot of people have asked about this whole tucson thing. why are you moving? why tucson? what’s the plan?
the “why” is more complicated than the “what”, so i’ll explain the why over a glass of red when you come and visit me.
here’s “what” i’ve found: continue reading →


			this entry was posted in ad math, rants/raves and tagged creative genius, tucson on july 30, 2012 by dave young.								


post navigation
← older posts





tags
advertising
advertising budget
advertising performance equation
advertising strategy
austin
baby clothing
blog class
bootstrap
branding
brand lexicon
canada
canada gifts
copywriting
currencies that buy credibility
customer experience
dave young
future now
hispanic marketing
juan tornoe
karsten kilian
made in canada
marketing
marketing consulting
marketing seminar
mercedes g500
on hold message
personal experience factor
personality type
persuasion architecture
podcast
pret a manger
radio advertising
recession
sales events
search engine optimization
soundbites
tom wanek
traffic builder
traffic building
transactional relational
tucson
web copy
wizard academy
wizard of ads
word of mouth


 




				proudly powered by wordpress			








