






welcome to dollsale.com, upstate ny, dolls, antiques









welcome to: dollsale.com 

good earth 
collectibles:
your own personalized
dealer on the net
good service down to earth prices















































open by appointment 

















































 e-mail:


solar@midtel.net



























				     need 
something fast? - we ship worldwide


				        
   








 we 
	are always - buying - selling - trading - dolls - old trains - antiques and collections


because of spam, please don't send pictures or ask the 
value of your doll!  we do buy dolls - old trains - antiques and collections. please 


e-mail with contact info: please include your name, 
city and state - (required for response)  

do not expect a response without your name, city and state.  
i like to know what area of the country i am dealing with.   
 



internet orders and questions: 24/7 - 


good earth - e-mail














middleburgh directions




in loving memory - shirley temple - 4-23-1928 - 
	2-10-2014

 




uncle sam -very rare 13 inch cabinet doll germany

	 



      
	


	 



 bisque socket head 
	doll incised "s 3" and manufactured by cuno & otto dressel. exceptional 
	molding to the bisque facial features, glass eyes, on a jointed composition 
	body. this example is the turn of the 20th century 
	characterization/interpretation of "uncle sam". obviously, this doll was 
	made for the american market as was often the case with many toys and dolls 
	that were made in other countries. typical patriotic garb with striped red 
	and white trousers, vest, and shirt with applied stars as well as the all to 
	classic replaced stove pipe hat. not only does this doll appeal to doll 
	collectors but all those that appreciate the patriotic nature of this piece! 
	overall bisque head is free of damage. very good plus condition with some 
	typical fading to colorful felt jacket slight tear on coat tail outfit, side 
	button boots composition jointed body.

price: sold

















to place an order please


















e-mail:














   to many dolls to list 
	- 


e-mail with request  

our 
mission on this good earth

good earth offers a wide variety of unusual 
	collectibles. our mission is to satisfy each customer by providing 
	personalized service and great prices.  you can rest 
	assure that your credit card will not be charged until the order has left 
	our door. our goal is to build loyalty through one-on-one personal 
	attention, one customer at a time. providing our customers great prices and 
	services, and making your shopping experience as pleasant as possible. we 
	know you have many choices for online retailers, and we appreciate your 
	business. thank you again for shopping at good earth.

member united federation of doll
clubs, inc.

member schoharie county
chamber of commerce


doll hospital on premises 
( 
e-mail with problem)


















































e-mail - good earth
  
 




www.dollsale.com


































we also take checks and money 
orders for payment









good earth links -  



e-mail-good 
earth  



this website is owned by the 
good earth collectibles - please send us 
an e-mail if you have questions or comments, or would like to advertise on
	

www.dollsale.com



last updated 
	01/31/22






copyright © 1997-2022 - good earth collectibles



	 

 




send e-mail 
   

  
 




www.dollsale.com



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




 


