









direct support professionals recruiting & retention help home - dsp magnet




































































































































dsp magnet







menu 










how we help
who we’ve helped
who we are
speaking
 






supervisor survival workshops  




















dsp magnet® interactive coaching teaches i/dd providers how to find & keep dsps 











while saving time and money, without getting poor applicants that don't show up, without hopelessly hiring, and without adding more work 













 












attract more and better applicants 







hire amazing dsps who want to stay 







have an amazing culture and serve more people 











providers can save hundreds of thousands of dollars by filling open dsp shifts. how much could you save? 















 
calculate your overtime costs here



















defy the dsp workforce crisis and fill open shifts to reduce costs and stress. 



dsp magnet® academy workshops are for providers large or small. they are:interactive and you get work done in themdesigned to give you practical actions you can aply in as little as five minutes!give you access to monthly, live help sessions with our coaches and your peersget help from our team between workshopskeep your pipeline full with great candidates, eliminate ghosting, & stop burning out your best people 







 
how we help























 











learn to create your own dsp magnet 



the dsp magnet® academy helps end the vicious dsp hamster wheel® cycle of recruiting, hiring, and retaining direct support professionals. 



how many times have you thought: 







we’re competing with mcdonald’s. the pay is similar and you have to be responsible for someone’s life. 







i’m wasting a lot of time and money training new dsps who quit in less than 6 months. 







our overtime costs are at an all-time high and best people are  burning out covering extra shifts. 



















 















you will continue to struggle with recruiting and retaining dsps until you get your own dsp magnet in place.get immediate coaching to start reducing your open dsp positions quickly in our proven interactive programs: 







 
how we help



















what others say: 

















 





over $750k in annual overtime saved! 











“our 2022 overtime cost (40% staffing vacancy) was over $821k.”after the dsp magnet program, our 2024 overtime cost (4% vacancy) was $66k, over $750,000 saved! 



— rachel neuman, coo, cof training services 

















 





we are fully staffed 











“when i started the workshop, we were about half staffed. now we are fully staffed and hiring extra for a future program.” 



— sarah akin, covy 

















 





90% of people are coming in for their interviews! 











“before we were struggling to get people to show up for interviews. now i’d say 90% of people are coming in for their interviews!” 



— brandi mcgowan, comfort and care 





















 





helping build a more positive work environment 











“the dsp magnet training is helping build a more positive work environment. if you’re considering participating—do it.” 



— ashby rawstern, embark supported employment 

















 





i've been inundated by applicants on indeed. 











“the [virtual] workshop was phenomenal! i’ve been doing this for 24 years, and this was the best training i’ve been to. since changing our job posts based on the workshop, i’ve been inundated by applicants on indeed.” 



— dawn shannon, rcpa workshop attendee 

















 





i'm happy, our employees are happy. 











“it is truly amazing how much positivity and appreciation can change the cultural dynamics by vocalizing those feelings into words and actions. i’m happy, our employees are happy, and we are excited to have the foundational knowledge to move us in the right direction for 2021.” 



— justin livingston | ceo | reflektions ltd. 















trusted by: 














































































































craig & scott 



hosted more than 350 workshops that produced results and delighted attendeeswebinar and conference speakers for ancor, accses, provider associations in over 20 different states, & 18 county boards of ddfather & son team with a personal connection to the i/dd fieldauthors of the new book, heart, hope & honesty, how i/dd providers can attract & retain amazing direct support professionals and thrive despite the dsp crisis 







 



















 







heart, hope & honesty 



a book for i/dd providers to help with dsp recruiting, retention & culture 



this book serves as a practical and positive guide that shows you how to thrive despite the dsp workforce crisis. “heart, hope & honesty” doesn’t reference abstract studies or bore you with statistics. it features inspiring stories, highlights real results from your peers, and offers step-by-step actions you can take immediately. order the hardcover or ebook from us today! an audio version is available from google play. 







 
order book























ready to reduce your open positions? 



schedule a time to talk 





 





 



 











dsp magnet® academy
dsp supervisor survival workshops
results
diy recruiting
how to book
speaking
dsp magnet®
blog
team
privacy policy
accessibility statement
home
 

dsp magnet® academy
dsp supervisor survival workshops
results
diy recruiting
how to book
speaking
dsp magnet®
blog
team
privacy policy
accessibility statement
home
 












dayton office: 



175 west franklin streetcenterville, oh 45459937-500-5191email us 







billing & invoicing: 



p.o. box 910springboro, ohio 45066 











 
open dsp shift cost calculator















 
dsp turnover cost calculator































 







copyright © 1999-2024 dsp magnet® all rights reserved.

(dsp magnet, blitz media design, & blitz creative are registered trade names of web refinements llc) 










facebook-f
 



twitter
 



linkedin-in
 



instagram
 



youtube
 













 

























































