








welcome to savannah | hotels in historic downtown savannah ga








































 












skip to content



toggle navigationhotelswhere to stayconciergeport royal tavernthe spotour citysavannah happeningsget savannah readysavannah historycity guidesgirl scout destinationnews & eventssavannah happeningsst. patrick’s daymeetings & groupsplan your meetingsmeeting roomscity guidesmeet the team
 





homesavannah lodging2024-12-20t13:55:10-05:00 
welcome to savannahwelcome to savannahcoming soon!tempo by hilton savanna historic districtrecharge at tempo savannah; an oasis that awakens your senses, uncovers your curiosity, and leaves you feeling renewed and balanced. where time slows down, history is embraced and the present is vibrant.
a modern take on the traditional hotel offering the ultimate urban getaway that captivates and allows you to experience a sense of leisure, old-world charm, and southern hospitality.
come explore tempo savannah!learn moreget ready for savannahfrom how to pack to how to park, we’ve got the guide for you. you can learn the best ways to get around and what you might need along the way.
get ready
savannah happeningsthere’s always something to see or do in savannah, but it’s always nice to have an idea before you get here.
start exploring





we strive to make the hostess city live up to her name. let us help make your group stay seamless and memorable. from where to stay to how to play, savannah lodging has something for everyone.
savannah’s history will intrigue you, while her timeless charm will endear you to return to this glorious city time and time again. from sampling five-star cuisine and shopping renowned designer brands to touring historic homes and gazing upon remarkable works of art: savannah’s appeal is endless. then, in the heart of it all, are our historic district hotels, minutes from everything you want to do, yet worlds away in the service and comforts we provide.
welcome to savannah.
savannah’s history will intrigue you, while her timeless charm will endear you to return to this glorious city time and time again. from sampling five-star cuisine and shopping renowned designer brands to touring historic homes and gazing upon remarkable works of art: savannah’s appeal is endless.
then, in the heart of it all, are our historic district hotels, minutes from everything you want to do, yet worlds away in the service and comforts we provide. let us help make your stay seamless and memorable as we strive to make the hostess city live up to her name.
welcome to savannah!




where to stay
holiday inn express savannah historic districtthis southern contemporary style hotel in savannah is located on east bay street and abercorn street. we’re within easy walking distance to river street, the pink house, as well as dozens of boutiques, restaurants, and savannah’s famed squares. stay awhile and enjoy our roof-top viewing area and pool and free hot breakfast!

learn morebook now

hampton inn savannah historic districtnewly renovated rooms!
at the intersection of bay and abercorn, in the heart of the savannah historic district is where old southern charm and modern amenities meet. we are easy walking distance to river street, city market, shops, restaurants, and galleries. the hotel was built with traditional savannah grey brick and the graceful lobby is furnished with beautiful antiques and heart pine floors. now pet friendly!

learn morebook now
our locationsholiday inn express
savannah historic district199 e. bay street
savannah, ga 31401
phone: 1-912-231-9000
hampton inn
savannah historic district201 e. bay street
savannah, ga 31401
phone: 1-912-231-9700

news from the blog 8 historic district famous film sites
history within walking distance
spring in savannah
 famous film locations outside the historic district
savannah’s historical squares: johnson square
olympia cafe
savannah’s historical squares: columbia square
treylor park
epiphany bead and jewelry studio
 get spooky at these 5 haunted spots
b. matthew’s eatery
alligator soul
vic’s on the river
welcome pets!
savannah’s historical squares: wright square
lunch and dinner tour – family style
savannah’s historical squares: warren square
lunch and dinner tour – healthy
lunch and dinner tour – funky fun
banana ball
 take a literary tour of downtown savannah
zunzi’s & zunzibar
the history of st. patrick’s day in savannah
crystal beer parlor
hitch
st. patrick’s day in savannah georgia
5 places for iced tea in downtown savannah
lunch and dinner tour – casually quick
the naked dog
4 breweries to check out on national beer day
savannah’s historical squares: ellis square
3 places to try caramel popcorn on caramel popcorn day
lulu’s chocolate bar
savannah’s historical squares: reynolds square
savannah’s historical squares: franklin square
savannah’s open container policy
savannah celtic heritage festival
savannah historical squares – elbert square
savannah’s historical squares: oglethorpe square
lunch and dinner tour – romanic rendezvous
spudnik
savannah children’s museum
 5 (guided) ways to explore savannah
savannah’s historical squares: washington square
savannah’s historical squares
savannah historical squares – liberty square
a.lure lowcountry cuisine
10 must see attractions in savannah
service brewing company
savannah rae’s gourmet popcorn
take a walk to dinner
savannah’s historical squares: telfair square
explore savannah’s girl scouts heritage
this game is bananas!
huey’s on the river
 relax in savannah’s green spaces
 downtown savannah tree tour
sgt. william jasper green parade
chocolate chocolate everywhere!
find the best coffee
savannah’s historical squares: orleans square
4 reasons to get married in savannah
adventure tours in motion
savannah’s historical squares: greene square
celtic cross ceremony
more news







 
 
holiday inn express
savannah historic district199 e. bay street,  savannah, georgia 31401
phone: 1-912-231-9000
email: wendy mcbride, general manager
web: official holiday inn express website
hampton inn
savannah historic district201 e. bay street,  savannah, georgia 31401
phone: 1-912-231-9700
email: bryan hale, general manager
web: official hampton inn website
quick linkshomehotelsmeetings & groupsst. patrick’s daygirl scout destinationcity guideseventsget to know usstart a careermedia kit©copyright 2007 — 2xxx   |   all rights reserved


 
 
page load link

 


this website uses cookies and third party services.					

			accept cookies		










 


go to top




