


















            
    
                                                                
        
                mary's prague accommodation
           
    
    
        












 











 





newsletters
|
blog
|
faq
|
contact
|


| |
|
| | | 


















medical tourism
prague guide
transfers
city tours
accommodation
















apartments marys prague apartments



group services for groups



family accommodation for families



special offers

                                discounts                            




other destinations














green oasis wenceslas square apartments












mary´s offers a pleasant accommodation in a quiet and nice part of prague. it just takes a 10 minutes walk to the center of the city and what is more, the aparthouse is sorrounded by a huge park, perfect for families with kids. the historical building offers 6 apartments, with the capacity up to 35 people.

                    price from 48 eur / 2 person
    



details













national museum apartments












the national museum aparthouse is perfect for your stay in prague! not only it is located right in the center, by the national museum, but also it consists of modern, luxurious, fully equipped apartments, with the capacity up to 13 people.

                    price from 50 eur / 2 person
    



details













astronomical clock apartman












comfortable, cosy accommodation right in the historical center of prague. that´s what mary´s can offer you – an apartment on a quiet little street called tynska, situated  right next to the old town square, close to the famous tourist places and the palladium shopping center.

                    price from 48 eur / 2 person
    



details













karlova apartments












why not stay right in the center of old town during your trip to prague? we can arrange accommodation for you in our apartments in a historical building, right on the royal route, so you will have most of the tourist attractions, like the charles bridge and the astronomical clock within a walking distance. 

                    price from 58 eur / 2 person
    



details




















services for groups


tailor made program especially for your group
excursions - private guides - activities
transfers and transportations
restaurants reservation
group accommodation

 ...all these with more than 20 years of experience





                          learn more
                      

                         contact us!
                      




                          learn more
                      

                          contact us!
                      










accommodation for families

are you planning a family holiday in prague? we will arrange
accommodation according to your request, we will help you with the
transportation within prague and also give you some tips which places to
visit. look on our webpage to check our offer of accommodation in
prague, restaurants in prague and leisure time tips.



accommodation
tours
restaurants
smart travel tips





no accommodation meets your requirements. please change your search criteria.




other destinations




















mary's apartments availability







			            mon
						17.02.
			

			            tue
						18.02.
			

			            wed
						19.02.
			

			            thu
						20.02.
			

			            fri
						21.02.
			

			            sat
						22.02.
			

			            sun
						23.02.
			

			            mon
						24.02.
			

			            tue
						25.02.
			

			            wed
						26.02.
			

			            thu
						27.02.
			

			            fri
						28.02.
			

			            sat
						01.03.
			

			            sun
						02.03.
			




prices valid for 2 people

                legend:   
                free   
                occupied   
                special offer   
                
            






















10 reasons why to book with mary’s travel & tourist services




excellent prague accommodation rates - book directly with marys agency
1
                        mary´s travel & tourist services offers wide range of personally checked, quality accommodation for vacation or business travel in prague. the offer includes 391 accommodation in prague, from cheap to luxury accommodation, in or out of the prague city center.
                      



why to book prague apartment
2
                        mary's serves up comfortable apartments in prague for very reasonable prices. price of an apartment rental in prague is lower than a reservation of a comparable hotel room and an mary’s apartments offers more space, luxury and privacy. moreover, you can book our apartments online and very easily!
                      



very low prices of prague accommodation
3
                        with mary's prague hotel reservations, you get lower prices than hotel’s rack rates only mary’s gives you 5% discount for online booking. also with no hidden extras - mary's travel agency does not add any "agency fees" to the prices. we just provide the best price of accommodation we can.
                      



discounted accommodation
4
                        every day new discounts for prague hotels, pensions and apartments are added to the special offers list of prague accommodation. further discounts applicable on apartment rentals: discount of 10% for students, teachers* which are isic, iytc and itic card holders, discount of 5% for the first minute reservations* (3 month or earlier before your stay), phone rental for free on request and of course discount for online booking.
                      



travel services and prague activities
5
                        in order to arrange a perfect holiday in prague, mary's also provides full service with other travel related services as airport transfers, guided sightseeing tours and river cruises, private guides, one-day trips to castles and beautiful towns nearby, active holiday programmes, ticket reservation to cultural events, opera or theatre, folklore evenings or restaurant bookings.  
                      



prague stag trips
6
                        mary's can plan your whole prague trip or prague stag weekends and prepare complete group itineraries according to your requirements. come to prague and experience prague and enjoy holiday in prague apartments.
                      



we are here to help
7
friendly, multilingual staff is ready to answer any of your prague related questions, every day of the week, always as soon as possible. you can reach us online by chat, telephone, skype or few hours by email.
                      



mary's office italská
8
mary's office is open 365 days in a year, no matter whether it is a holiday or regular workday. we are here to help you all the time. for 20 years at the same place with same high quality.
                      



online prague guide
9
lot of prague and czech republic related information is gathered in our prague guide. upon arrival you get a large city map and a prague guide book, what will make your stay even more comfortable.
                      



client’s testimonials
10
                        real hotel reviews and comments from mary's guests. client’s testimonials for prague apartments and hotels. 97% of guests said they would use mary's services again. we hope you will feel the same way. :)
                      



 1/10 





we are not an virtual agency. we offer a human support and individual dealing.





            
you did not add any accommodation to “my accommodation”
        






contact us

 +420 222 253 511
 
travel@marys.cz

 anny letenské 17, 120 00 prague 2






online payment is possible



online booking discounts






facebook
  vkontakte
  twitter
  google+








prague apartments
prague accommodation of 4 star **** category, but offering more space and comfort at lower rates. book mary’s apartments online and save money if you have lower budget. enjoy private prague apartments in the center of prague - old town or new town.


prague hotels and prague pensions
book online almost any prague hotel or prague pension. find best prices for prague hotels of all categories, including luxury old town hotels in center of 
prague or save your money with mary’s, in cheap, low budget accommodation in prague pensions of standard or budget category.


accommodation for groups
mary's offers accommodation for groups (even large groups) in hotels, hostels or holiday apartments.


prague tours
mary's provides prague sightseeing tours, boat sightseeing river cruises, private 
guides in more than 30 languages, team building, program for your vip clients, 
romantic and fun evening programs (also stag night) and a lot more...


prague
lesser town
old town
vinohrady

other destinations
czech republic
hungary
slovakia







								© mary's agency, 2011. all rights reserved. 







need help?
contact us
online chat




 