


garden plant care info, garden design planting plans & gardening software

















 gardening info, planting plans & care, wildlife gardening 
 june 2020 - this is a partial archive of the old wildchicken site. see the whispering knights woodland project whispering knights project :
 a journey through enchanted woodland

a garden can be a haven for wildlife as well as a place to relax and play. we like gardening with nature and encouraging wildlife. find gardening information:         
 

professional gardener in witney, west oxfordshire - garden services 


royal horticultural society (rhs) wildlife gardening blog


garden plant care information


gardening articles and info for planting plans and garden design


wildlife gardening  ideas for you and your kids


 garden learning projects - building a straw bale compost toilet for the allotment


get garden planting plans


 
garden plant care information 
want to know about caring for plants? we have  garden plant info pages  with  advice on care and growing like seasonal gardening tips for things like winter plant care and to help you protect tender plants from frost.


looking for something to plant? read about our planting plan options for small and large gardens.
 

 
gardening information covers practical horticultural techniques and plant care, with botanical and common names of plants, growing tips and advice on pests and diseases. 


our plant care and botanical information is presented by a royal horticultural society (rhs) qualified gardener. 
 
see the gardening diary for extra  horticultural notes, plant photos, general gardening articles and garden ideas.

find garden plant info 


 
wildlife gardening

 
a garden is for creatures as well as humans - from birds and insects to small mammals, creating a haven for wildlife in your garden has benefits for you, for your garden and the critters that come visiting. 
  
see the section on wildlife gardening with children for ideas you and the kids can use to make your garden wildlife friendly. 
 
read miranda's wildlife gardening blog.
 
growing vegetables and herbs 
nothing beats herbs and vegetables that you've grown yourself... and it whilst it doesn't need to take lots of time and effort, it can do! much depends on the time and resources you have.
so far, 2012 has seemed quite challenging for vegetable growing.  
 
we have been busy exploring growing food, but too busy to write about it! find out more... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
gardening
 
kitchen garden journal 
 
gardening journal
 
garden plant information 
 
wildlife gardening 
 
gardening articles
 
botanical names  
 
 
garden projects
 
overview
 
photography
  
photo gallery
 
desktop backgrounds 
 
witney history
 
general
 
resources
 
site map
 
contact us
 
privacy
 
 
 



 
  
 


©
          
  copyright wildchicken 2004-2017
no content may be reproduced without permission.
www.wildchicken.com
 
published: 10-11-2004
updated:
          
  19-06-2017
 


 
 

 

 


