


c&p distributing - computer sales, service, and more!







toggle navigationc&p distributing



remote support









computer sales and service; all of your technology needs in one place!









our mission
c&p distributing works to provide solutions for individuals and small businesses with a focus on quick repairs and competitive rates in a service market dominated by competitors who may take weeks to resolve simple issues.
c&p has maintained repair times of less that one business day for many common problems. after almost 40 years of serving the community, we continue to offer the quickest and most affordable solutions to everyday problems. in order to ensure that we can provide the best solutions for every client's technology needs, we are constantly innovating our process, finding products of the highest quality, and passionately upholding a policy of friendly customer care.
come see us today!


contact us

2500 miracle ln suite d
mishawaka, in 46545
phone:            (574)-256-1138
    sales:         sales@cpdist.com
    service:   support@cpdist.com 



map generator http://www.embedgooglemap.net









sales & service



c&p stocks only the best products that we know we can stand behind. we build custom computers and can repair your windows, macos, and linux pc's. we can also repair ipads and iphones! you bring it and we will fix it. if you cannot come to us, we can come to you! we offer most repair services on-site as well as ethernet cabling, networking services, and server repair.




surveillance



who is watching when you're not? we have partnered with geovision to bring you the best in camera, access control, and surveillance products. whether it's a 50,000 square foot facility or your backyard, we have you covered!




telecommunications



looking for a new phone system? we've got you covered! we have partnered with datacruz to tailor make a voip service solution that will fit your business' needs. voip is perfect for saving money on your telecom needs as well as adding features you may not find with an out-of-date analog system.








copyright © c&p distributing 2023





