

































































sioux city journal news | breaking news | read the latest sioux city, iowa and nebraska news. get breaking news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and more.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-13°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



contests



comics



puzzles



movies & tv



music



scjtix.com



play



food & cooking



health & fitness



get healthy



home & garden



relationships & special occasions



special sections



submit announcement



people



pets



weekender



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



auto sales



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



work here



news tip



advertise with us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

autos









-13°
clear
























        
        
            woodbury county court report for feb. 18, 2025

read through the latest woodbury county court report.

















        
        
            why iowa state coach bill fennelly subbed addy brown out one rebound shy of her first triple-double

addy brown nearly became the fourth player in isu women's basketball history to complete a triple-double.

















        
        
            'we're kind of aged out': south sioux city legion turns howitzers over to city

for decades, larry brostad has been responsible for the upkeep of the flags and howitzer guns displayed along dakota avenue in south sioux city. but declining health this year forced brostad, a vietnam war veteran who turned 76 last week, to pull back.

















        
        
            high school boys basketball: howe, nissen lead k-p past woodbury central in district showdown

the kingsley-pierson boys' basketball team utilized a big first-quarter lead to set the tone for a class 1a district quarterfinal win over woodbury central on monday.

















        
        
            high school boys basketball: jays soar past westerners for third time, ride dual threat scoring

the gehlen catholic boys basketball team took down akron-westfield for the third time this season, led by its diverse scoring threats.

















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa women’s basketball: dear ncaa selection committee …

the iowa women's basketball team saw its six-game winning streak come to an end in overtime against no. 9 ohio state on monday despite a spirited fourth-quarter comeback.

















        
        
            sioux city public schools closed tuesday due to harsh winter weather

public schools in sioux city will not have classes tuesday due to harsh winter weather. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            stretch of i-29 northbound reopened after crash


















        
        
            sioux city public schools closed tuesday due to harsh winter weather


















        
        
            half-naked man found in sioux county ditch dies















                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: siouxland news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from sioux city journal. 





















        
        
            south sioux city's flag park

scenes of south sioux city's flag park that is located along dakota avenue from w. 7th to w. 8th streets 




















        
        
            today's poll: have you ever owned a cassette player?

today's poll: have you ever owned a cassette player?




















        
        
            work to begin on bridges over i-29 in union county

jefferson, s.d. -- a repair project for two bridges over interstate 29 in union county is scheduled to begin within a week. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            south sioux city's flag park




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            us hockey league: muskies split pair of road games against tri-city

the sioux city musketeers won one and lost one in a two-game ushl set against the tri-city storm in kearney over the weekend. 





















        
        
            photos: northern iowa vs. iowa state wrestling, 2-16-25

northern iowa hosted iowa state at a sold-out mcleod center of more than 7,348 sunday. the largest crowd in mcleod center history. the panthers won seven of 10 matches to beat iowa state for the first time since the 2018-19 season.  





















        
        
            photos: class 2a district 3 wrestling at bishop heelan high school

more than two dozen wrestlers punched their ticket to the ihsaa class 2a state wrestling tournament on saturday at o'gorman fieldhouse inside bishop heelan high school. 





















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            how to bounce back from losing clients in q4

contributor content. losing clients is never easy, but you can turn every loss into a learning experience. utilize your company’s data to understand where your weaknesses are and work towards strengthening them as you head into q1.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            seuntjens midwestern land & auction/mapleton



                                        p.o. box 75, mapleton, ia 51034
                                    






 website






























        
        
            westwood community school



                                        1000 rebel way, sloan, ia 51055
                                    



 website






























        
        
            fareway - riverside



                                        4040 war eagle drive, sioux city, ia 51109
                                    






 website







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


business journal

events calendar

jobs

scjtix.com

i love a deal

shopper's guide

siouxland homes

siouxland life

weekender

get healthy




services


e-edition

email newsletters

subscribe

customer-service

advertise

announce your event

contact us

work here

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        sioux city journal, 2802 castles gate drive sioux city, ia 51106
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe



























