






thriving now – emotional freedom for all




























































 
























 






    home
coaching

private sessions
circle membership
self-paced courses
free guides & resources


blog
about us
members
start here
   


welcome to thriving now! 





search













yearning to build your thriving life?savvy builders know: fresh perspectives spark brilliant action. let's energize your next steps with proven approaches that feel naturally right. share what matters most, and we'll explore three ways to build with more clarity and confidence...


let's build together →




  hi there!(february 10, 2025) available now: try smaller... for breaking through resistance. coming up: unwinding shock for clearing out "surprises" you can't get fully past. both are savvy for thriving now... and onwards.watch now: co-creating with ai and read below the replay how different ai's extracted key points from the (ai-generated) transcript. useful real skills for building your thriving life.of course, don't forget  kindness in action: inner strength, thriving connections ...and thriving anyway. also supportive for your unrushed actions is slow down to go fast. this will help you do work that matters without excess urgency or pressure, especially going into the mad-rush-intentions of the new year.how do you see yourself? and the world you want to live in? it's empowering when we reframe to thrive - building emotional agility for life-changing work and the workshop is available now for replay. be sure to subscribe if you want to hear when new real skills workshops are announced. all previous real skills workshops can be found in the community center — a fantastic resource and space for those who want to be thriving.check out the freshened learn eft tapping course. you're welcome to use it as our gift... and donations are greatly appreciated. we have self-paced coaching and tapping courses for many aspects of healing and thriving for you to explore. questions or requests? please email me at support@thrivingnow.com. rick ~ thriving nowyour emotional freedom coach  p.s. not a circle member yet? learn more and join here. it's an extraordinary resource and affordable, too.








eating your emotionsdo you find yourself eating when you didn’t mean to? eating things you didn’t intend to? what if you learned to cover-up and bury emotions with food? in this free video workshop, we use tapping to release the compulsive need for food to comfort, stuff down, and bury when we feel powerful emotions… and more.
...







read more








beyond comparison: your grace, your powerhave you ever caught yourself in that moment of comparison, feeling that twinge of “i’ll never be able to do that”? i want to share how this very human experience can transform how you view these moments.the primitive vs. thriving mindour brain’s primitive comparison system served us well for survival. it quickly assesses: “am i …








read more








why isn’t money easier?guilt and shame are so present around money that some people say they don’t have any blocks there… they’s be delighted to be a millionaire! it’s only after digging a bit deeper that they find hidden layers…
...







read more








comparing yourself to othersdo you compare yourself to others? who doesn’t! we’re conditioned by glossy magazines, advertising, fashion models, sports, and high pressure workplaces to compare ourselves to others… and to figure out where we stand on the ladder of status. the trap comes when our tribal brain sees someone who is better at something we value than we are.
...







read more








just for a moment…just for a moment… could you let yourself be?people are focused on doing. and with all the pressure to do the right thing, feel the right thing, think the right thing… it’s easy to lose ourselves. people become “shoulds” and “musts,” trying to meet the unvoiced expectations of those around them. we become actors in a play that …








read more








little things to help you feel lovedever notice how changing small things can feel like a bother? too much work for the reward? silly example… whenever i zoom, i put on a bit of makeup. i think the definition makes understanding emotions on video easier. for years i’ve had a scratchy brush to put on blush. every time i notice the brush is …








read more
















load more





is pain getting in your way? whether it's emotional distress, physical pain, fear & anxiety, worry, past trauma, active disease, stress, overwhelm... or a painful combination! get relief now   i'm needingrelief now  

 thriving now – community center – latest topicscoping with a world on firei’ve been mostly avoiding the news but the bits & pieces i read here & there are incredibly disturbing. i get emails from kristin neff & thought her words and meditation offering might be helpful. dear friends, every day we are bombarded with upsetting and frightening news - whether it’s devastating wildfires, plane crashes, wars, […]unwinding shock real skills workshop - community event unwinding shock real skills workshop: be calm and confident hosts: rick wilkes (@rick) and cathy vartuli (@cathy) sun feb 23 2025 at 5pm est / 2pm pst (90 mins with a 7 min break) we hope you’ll join us, and bring a guest! click here to register you are […]try smaller real skills workshop - community event try smaller… real skills workshop: clarity & action hosts: rick wilkes (@rick) and cathy vartuli (@cathy) recorded sun feb 9 2025 replay is below get your circle membership here or… donate $$ to support this community initiative – we so appreciate your generosity! thanks! what if living your thriving […]explain emotional freedomas part of co-creating with ai, i went to different ai’s and asked “explain emotional freedom.” this is what is called a “super simple prompt.” i wasn’t specific at all about what i wanted to know about emotional freedom. i just let it run with it. here’s a few different expressions of that answer, that […]my heart centered cornerdear community! this section is going to be my little corner. here i will try to grow and improve 1% each day. i am starting a youtube channel about eft, and rewiring our belief system. i have explored these topics in my personal life, and now i am looking to implement them further. my channel […]wisdom from our circlei am consciously putting energy into collecting the wisdom that flows forth from my engagements with my circle. my deep sense is that these points are part of wisdom for thriving, and the more we amplify these and explore them together, the stronger the emotional and energetic field around thriving becomes… now and onwards. we […]now and onwards into 2025!thriving now… and onwards into this day, this year. hearty new year 2025 to my freedom kin everywhere. 5 posts - 2 participants read full topic25 statements for relationship successfrom susan campbell as a relationship coach for couples, families, and work teams, clients generally come to me complaining about “communications problems.” everyone seems to need help with their communication at some point. it’s so common to feel misunderstood, disrespected, unfairly treated, triggered, and just generally frustrated in our attempts to hear and be heard. […]co-creating with ai real skills workshop - community event co-creating with ai real skills workshop: thriving lifestyle design hosts: rick wilkes (@rick) and cathy vartuli (@cathy) sun jan 26 2025 at 5pm est / 2pm pst (90 mins with a 7 min break) we hope you’ll join us, and bring a guest! details here you are welcome to […]kindness in action: inner strength, thriving connections real skills workshop - community event kindness in action: inner strength, thriving connections real skills workshop: savvy relating & engaging hosts: rick wilkes (@rick) and cathy vartuli (@cathy) recorded sun jan 12 2025 what is kindness? kindness is the gentle art of meeting life with an open heart, expressing care through both small gestures and […]beyond comparison: your grace, your powerhave you ever caught yourself in that moment of comparison, feeling that twinge of “i’ll never be able to do that”? i want to share how this very human experience can transform how you view these moments. the primitive vs. thriving mind our brain’s primitive comparison system served us well for survival. it quickly assesses: […]kindnesskindness kindness is the gentle art of meeting life with an open heart, expressing care through both small gestures and meaningful actions. more than mere politeness, it’s the natural radiance that emerges when we recognize our shared humanity and choose to contribute to another’s well-being. kindness flows from an authentic desire to ease suffering and […]adversaries (ai coaching)so here i was wishing “people could just work together and get along.” i asked chatgpt o1 model this: what coaching would you give to someone who really doesn’t like adversarial attitudes, contrasting opinions, and even those actively working against freedom and sovereignty for the individuals and groups? navigating a world filled with adversarial attitudes […]the freedom to say yes, sure!“i forgot the gift cards i made… my 11:45 client needs them. is there any chance you’d be able to bring them by?” yes, sure! they are sweet, hand-crafted cards jem made. and with all the things involved in being a mama to two kids (and my partner, and an extraordinary acupuncturist)… she forgot the […]on those days when you miss someone the moston those days on those days when you miss someone the most as though your memories are sharp enough to slice through skin and bone remember how they loved you. remember how they loved you and do that for yourself. in their name in their honour. love yourself as they loved you. they would like […]rest!consider that rest is more than one thing. sensory rest? yes! including resting from hearing kids! rest is not the opposite of work but rather an essential component of producing great work. our best ideas often emerge during moments of rest, like taking a shower, walking, or sleeping[1]. there are seven distinct types of rest […]supporting others emotional statesi love tapping, of course. and… notice how these reframes about how to be present with an emotion helps? i use many of these internally with my kids and their big feelings… which reminds me to use that frame with myself, too. how to support someone feeling negative emotions 1. anger ask: “what boundary do […]building... isn't always what you expectit was four years ago when the center here was started. four years. when i look back at my hopes and intentions, well, it has not become “that.” i’d hoped that we’d have hundreds of people engaging here, every day. i’d hoped that “almost all” circle members would find this a useful and fun place […]15 times to use ai, and 5 not tonotes on the practical wisdom of ai use ethan mollick i’m adding comments to this excellent set of options and cautions. it’s a great way to explore using ai to build. there are several types of work where ai can be particularly useful, given the current capabilities and limitations of llms. though this list is […]holiday loops with the lights stuck ontonight at the lake julian drive-thru light festival, i experienced one of those “surprise teaching moments” that mirrors my journey toward emotional freedom and self-acceptance. the unexpected challenge picture this: a beautiful evening at a holiday light festival, where everyone is kindly asked to turn off their headlights. simple enough, right? yet my car had […]



   thriving now, llcasheville, nc 28803 usasupport@thrivingnow.comcopyright © 2004–2025all rights reserved.thrive with us!join the thriving now community and get weekly practical support for your emotional freedom.        join us!           privacy policycontact ussearchhome  

















>

	































































