



varmint hunter headquarters: precision varmint rifles, optics and reloading gear for the varmint (varmit) hunter 

























  






a virtual marketplace by whitworth arms llc: buy with confidence, sell with ease!




























																								- online store																								- apply to sell
																								- seller login
																								- customer enquiries
																								- policies/terms of sale
																								- terms of use
																								- shipping restrictions
																								- about nr llc
																								- home
sister siteswww.doublegunhq.comwww.bigfivehq.comwww.networkretailing.comwww.whitwortharms.com
- varmint hunts
- reference
- links
- articles
- picture galleries










 












welcome to the original online marketplace specializing in varmint rifles, accessories and varmint hunting gear!






















we proudly welcome both buyers and sellers to our virtual "gun show". you have landed in the "varmint hunter" hall, where sellers offer varmint rifles, accessories, and gear of particular interest to varmint hunters and small caliber shooters in a safe, convenient, supervised venue. participation is open to anyone who can legally purchase an item, whether that's a rifle, a scope or a set of dies. there is no charge whatsoever to buyers. sellers must be federally licenced dealers, or bona-fide accessory manufacturers. there are no fly-by-night gundealers or hobby/collector sellers on this site. and you won't find any knick-knacks, jewellery, or gum on offer. everything on this site is relevant to our varmint hunting theme. if you are interested in big game rifles, bird guns, or other firearms, you will find those on our "sister sites", which you can navigate to using the main menu to your left. to browse the merchandise, simply click "online store" on the menu.

new sellers are welcome, and yes we have other venues where your non-varmint items will be showcased. just click on the "apply to sell" link to the left and we will explain in detail how it all works.






what's in this for buyers?


 shop multiple vendors' merchandise in one cart, and pay only once for all items purchased
 items ship same or next day for credit card payments, you specify ground, third day or next day
 choose from our list of on-file transfer dealers when purchasing firearms, or have your dealer fax his ffl after the order is in
 we accept all major credit cards with no surcharge; transactions are processed via the leading online payment processor's secure site; we never see nor do we store your credit card information
 we also take payments by mail (checks, mos, cashier's checks); items are reserved in your name for 7 days pending funds
 you receive an automatic emailed order confirmation, payment receipt, and shipping confirmation with a tracking number, without having to ask for one.
 every sale is an escrow sale ... we safekeep your money until you accept the merchandise, or issue a refund when the item is returned
 every item you see is in stock ... no stockouts or backorders here!
 your particulars are kept on file for your return visit, including your dealer's ffl information (we don't see or keep credit card info so you will have to rekey that each time) 

get started by clicking "online store" from the menu to the left. note, we do support sales to canada where legal; other international customers will not be able to use credit cards and for these orders shipping costs will be advised after the order has been entered. 
                    


 what's in this for sellers?


 a fully automated business model that allows you to focus on merchandising, not administration, answering the phones, or dealing with website maintenance headaches. 
 a steady flow of online buyers who are shopping for specific merchandise; and optionally automatic referrals for firearms transfers in your state.
 free exposure on multiple websites without any rekeying of descriptions or uploading photos.
 automatic notification of orders and decrementing of inventory in real time, no need to remove items that are sold or put them back up if returned.
 a picklist that prompts you to automatically generate a ups label for items that are paid up, and automatically notifies your customer with a tracking number. you don't need a ups account.
 we process credit card and mailed payments and sort out which money goes to which vendor. you don't need a cc merchant account.
 commissions as low as 1% with no listing fees. (there is a 3% card processing fee for cc orders)
 guaranteed, biweekly consolidated disbursement of net funds. no bounced checks, ever! 
 accurate automated reports for monthly, quarterly, and annual accounting and tax preparation. your offline sales can easily be noted in the database for completeness.
 one easy seller dashboard manages all your items on all our sites.
 optionally, your own private website that works exactly like this full-featured e-commerce public site; your items will appear on both your private and the public site(s).

contact us via the "apply to sell" link to the left to learn how to become a vendor on this site, or one of our other sites. 

          





note:
            inventory is updated in real time: everything you see is in stock, no need to email
            the seller first
            all sales on approval: 3 day inspection, refer to policies page for details
            all sales are escrow sales: funds released to seller after inspection period lapses;
            buy with confidence!
        
items


© copyright r.p. gould 2002-2014













