






childrens bible study | illustrated textual bible studies for the whole family.



 





















 














home
about the bible
bible study resources
printable study resources
textual studies
 





select page


  
 



 



 









childrensbiblestudy.com
charles valentine tribute







childrens bible study challenge

the childrens bible study challenge is to provide bible study (bible scriptures) material for home, family, home school and sunday school studies all over the world for children (kids), teens and adults…with emphasis on jesus the christ. true religion is important. the childrens bible study scriptures are true, inspiring and motivating. there are in-depth bible studies and bible activities that correspond to each home or bible class study that are very good lesson plans for sunday school and other studies.
kids like the animation and color used throughout childrens bible study. there are bible studies for children and adults…evidences, a dictionary, topical studies like the church, the rapture, true religion, the gods of of egypt during the exodus, the sabbath, heaven, hell and much more. these studies of bible scriptures are easily adapted to home, home school, family or bible class study. the story of jesus reveals his character, love and passion for the church. all of this is about bible truth, based on bible scripture, and now we react to it. jesus is shown to be the son of god. the church is the one body of christ on earth based on the pattern of truth found in the bible…and jesus is the head. it is a clear bible truth that god wants there to be only one church…with jesus as the head.
we make bible study exciting and easy…and encourages childrens bible study in the home and among friends. these studies are used in sunday schools and home schools all over the world, which means we make friends for truth all over the world…in at least 178 countries. all these friends are searching for true religion.
bible teachers are using the activities and ideas in childrens bible study in sunday school, home schools and other childrens bible study classes all over the world. these bible activities are graphic and colorful…excellent for home schooling and other group studies. there are thousands of bible activities, including games, crosswords, seek-and-find, coloring pages, activity pages, fill-in-the-blanks and audio presentations. old testament and new testament bible scriptures provide studies that are covered in great detail with the same kind of bible activities for kids (children) teens and adults alike. the bible stories and activities are great for family and sunday school bible class studies…and don’t forget home schooling. there are approximately 12,000 places to study the bible in this children’s bible study, family emphasis. and there are many studies for teens and adults.
we literally make friends for truth with our ask uncle noah section that answers bible questions. kids and adults searching for true religion asking bible questions is very important to bible study. asking uncle noah is not intimidating…and excellent for questions that are asked in sunday school, home schools, family and any other studies. we are delighted to be able to come into your home and study bible scriptures with your family. we are encouraged as many children (kids), teens and adults are studying this bible material, and using the bible activities in sunday school and other bible classes all over the world. dynamic bible truths are presented in our youtube.com emphasis at friendfortruth.com. the movies make bible studies and truths challenging, but easier to understand. you can join the childrens bible study family in your home and with your friends…as you search for true religion and a true relationship with jesus. the ultimate goal is to present jesus as the only savior of the world.
 





search for:



additional informationcheck our other websites for additional information
bible straight talk
friends for truth
creation/evolution


childrensbiblestudy, llc
charles valentine





 










facebook




x




instagram




rss


copyright, childrensbiblestudy, llc - 
design by gcmathis 















understanding the bible

faith in god
one body/one way
the foot
the eye
the hand
the mouth
the nose
the ear
understanding




history

the path of history
old & new


jesus

jesus, the theme of the bible


the bible on trial

prove the bible with the bible
information pages
prophesies of jesus




is the bible true?

missing king found
flood legends
noah & engineering
camel talk
good friend found
moses & medicine
dinosaurs




free study resources

online old testament
online new testament
online topical studies
use a study bible
use a concordance
vines new testament dictionary
online biblegateway.com
download e-sword.net




 















online bible studies

old testament
new testament
topical studies


how to study the bible

understanding the bible
study bible
concordance
vine’s new testament dictonary
bible gateway.com
e-sword.net




uncle noah bible dictionary

antichrist
grace
hypocrisy
justification
mercy
prophet
redeem, redemption
righteoness
sanctification
testament (covenant)




promotional

activities for public waiting areas
ask uncle noah inserts
clip art
tell somebody promo cards
uncle noah promo cards
nature lesson e-cards


activities

coloring pages
information pages
printable activities




inspirational

uncle noah life stories
look alike non-brother
brilliant reminder
lost in her strength
thrust, drag & attitude
above the storm
reaching for the sun
the knothole rose
monster snake
pushing down walls
corn and a stick
bug ride
bread day without bread
beyond the dumpster




 















evolution & religion

big bang theory
coal, oil and tar
does science support evolution or religion?
a matter of birth
ahah! we have a missing link
simple photosynthesis?
dependence on oxygen
what about emotions?
do animals fit the evolution mold?
what happened to the mountains?
no life
the beginning of life
honesty?
misunderstood critters – dinosaurs
a matter of the heart




god said

a beautiful land
moses, go lead my people




learning to lead

excellence thru surrender
formula for success


how do we know

ages of fossils and rocks




incredible

incredible




 















study bible books

bible lands
creation/ evolution
historical evidences
old testament for children
new testament for children
old testament for adults
new testaments for adults
bible book outlines
how to study the bible
old testament characters
activities & resources
advanced video studies


how to study the bible

understanding the bible
study bible
concordance
vine’s new testament dictonary
bible gateway.com
e-sword.net




creation

god created the universe
critters
no life
sight, smell, hearing & taste


evolution

the human heart
fossils & fossil dating
living fossils
geological time table
the evocritter
male & female?
ape first
rock talk
a hammer in old rock
way out idea
jesus & evolution
dinosaurs & man
where are dinosaurs found
science & evolution
recommended book
creation/evolution.org




you asked for it

can i ask jesus into my heart
what does the bible say
is the bible clear
salvation
creation
god created the universe
critters
no life
sight, smell, hearing & taste




god’s design for sex

the bible & sex
what does the world say


sainthood

modern sainthood
questions


zodiac/astrology

god & the horoscope
astronomy
astrology
the first astrologists?
is astrology science or myth
danger!
what does god want?




 





 











