






embroidery machine training, maintenance and repair videos for swf, tajima and brother embroidery machines
































machine embroidery forum :

embroidery machine blog :
 
 
 
 
 

:contact
 

:site map














free machine embroidery 
					designs and training videos for tajima, barudan, melco, 
					happy and swf embroidery machines from our growing 
					embroidery library. 
learn 
					embroidery 
					repair and maintenance with training videos for all makes of 
					embroidery machines including tajima embroidery machines, 
					swf embroidery machines and melco embroidery machines. take 
					the fear out of buying a used embroidery machine and service 
					commercial embroidery machines yourself saving thousands on 
					repair technicians. get free embroidery machine quote and 
					prices and information on the cost of starting an embroidery 
					business. this site contains embroidery software training 
					and free embroidery software. find out what is the best 
					commercial embroidery machine on the market.  
					embroidery training classes and embroidery university in two 
					dvd sets.  embroidery education from home, on your own 
					time.  service and maintain your embroidery machine 
					yourself.  swf compact embroidery machine compatible.



 

















home








embroidery





universal embroidery 
								dvd





free embroidery designs






								embroidery business video





embroidery machine and garment printer news 
								(press)





embroidery and garment printer business articles





used embroidery 
								machines






								embroidery machine repair technicians








garment printers





dtg garment printer





dtg 
								hm1 printer





fast t-jet





garment printer 
								ink








swf





swf repair dvd





swf operation dvd





swf embroidery 
								machines





sierra digitizing 
								software




tajima





tajima 
								embroidery videos





tajima embroidery machines





pulse digitizing software





tajima embroidery 
								repair





tajima embroidery parts




toyota





toyota 
								embroidery machines





toyota 
training videos





forte 
								digitizing software





toyota embroidery 
								repair






								toyota embroidery parts




barudan





barudan embroidery 
								machines





barudan machine 
								training





barudan machine 
								repair






								barudan embroidery parts




melco





melco 
								emc and emt repair





emc disk drive 
								for melco





melco embroidery 
								machines




melco amaya 
								machines





melco embroidery parts





design shop 
training




happy





happy embroidery 
								machines





happy embroidery 
								repair




renaissance





renaissance 
								embroidery





renaissance 
								embroidery machine repair




ricoma 






ricoma 
								embroidery machines





ricoma 
								embroidery machine repair





software





embird software









supplies





hoopmaster





embroidery 
								machine parts










contact



								 

					 









				  our embroidery training dvd's are now all online and ready to 
				  watch...pick your membership 
				  level here








			finally!!  repair, 
			maintenance and operational training videos online and ready for 
			viewing for any commercial 
			embroidery machine on the market!  


if 
			you have a tajima, toyota, barudan, swf, happy, melco or any other 
			brand commercial embroidery machine.........this 
			membership is for you!!!









with this membership you 
can have most repair and maintenance procedures 
taught to you in complete detail, showing you step by step what you need to do 
to fix your machine..........

 and 
for only $49 join 
now

think of the last time something 
weird happened with your machine. you call up tech support...they tell you what 
the problem might be, they might even tell you how to fix it, but it still takes 
4 hours of your valuable time or worse....you spend 4 hours trying to fix it and 
still your machines are not running right.  
 

whether you 
are a home based business, retail shop
 or big contract embroiderer...this site is for 
you!!



for the 
		home embroiderer, time is everything! you cant afford to wait for a 
	technician while your orders pile up and trying to figure out how to repair 
	or trouble shoot your machine is frustrating, to say the least.  this 
		site will give you more than an idea on how to fix your machine.....watching 
	it done, step by step, will give you the confidence and technique to get the 
	job done right. 

for
		retail shops, time is of the 
		essence.  you have to know your machine inside and out in order to 
		get jobs out the door.  the more you know about your machine, the 
		better you can troubleshoot problems and get your machine to finish any 
		job.  using this site to train employees is cost-effective and 
		greatly reduces the time you have to spend walking someone through basic 
		machine operation.
 

for
		contract embroiderers, this is a 
		huge money saving tool on getting everyone up to speed on machine 
		operation, maintenance and repair.  this should be the first thing 
		a new employee watches before touching a machine.  this will save 
		you time in training, money in repairs and help keep your machines well 
		maintained.  for $49, how could you lose?





buy a membership for your business
or
place your order over the phone:
631-858-0114
 


don't wait until your machine goes down and 
you have 50 shirts due the next day. take advantage of the training 
on within this site...so 
you're prepared and comfortable working on any problem your machine might have.


even if you 
	have a new machine and have a problem with it, you still have to pay at 
	least a travel charge for a service technician to come to you, which is 
	usually around $300.  if the repair was a maintenance or non-warranted 
	problem, you can end up paying even more for that tech visit, not to mention 
	the down time while waiting for a tech to be available.


maybe you know this.....maybe you don't.


however, the reason i created this site and 
am selling memberships for 
only $49 is 
to help put an end to one of the biggest problems facing embroiderers today, 
which is................





murphy's law!!

why is it that every time we have a decent size order or time 
sensitive order to do, our machine acts up?

that's murphy's law in action!that's when you really need 
a site like this to give you a head start while either waiting for tech support to call 
you back or attempting to fix the problem on your own.  

maybe tech support tells you what you need to do, but  
most manuals are less than understandable and the frustration makes you want to 
toss 
your machine out the window.

(click on 
image to enlarge)

buy your subscription securely online nowor
place your order over the phone:
631-858-0114







		simple, step by step video instructions 
		will help you get your machine up and running faster and with less trial 
		and error  so you can get back to making 
		money instead of trouble shooting machine problems.


video training is by far the most 
			effective type of training available.  it allows you to pause, 
			fast forward and rewind complicated steps to help you better 
			understand the process and take the fear out of damaging your 
			machine. 


how come the manufacturers don't make repair 
		training videos?

i don't know, but something like this has been long 
		over due.  i can only imagine that the down time, loss of business and 
		repair costs total in the millions of dollars industry wide.  most of these 
		businesses are home based businesses that can't afford to lose time 
		or money!

but this site is not just a repair and maintenance 
		site
		- 
		

it's also a 
		comprehensive 

machine operation training 
		site 
and it has tons of information on:
 






tension - caps - frames and hooping - 
appliqué - setting up a design

there has never been as comprehensive a video as this, that 
teaches you how to properly maintain, repair and operate a commercial 
embroidery machine.

this small investment can truly save or make you 
hundreds to thousands of dollars!! 

use this dvd as a reference - use it to train new employees - use it to refresh 
your knowledge....whatever reason, i guarantee your investment will be well 
worth it!








									  buy a membership for your business
or
place your order over the phone:
631-858-0114




  
what are you going to show me that i don't already know?

i remember when i first got my machine and went to training.  
i walked out not knowing much more than i had learned in the two weeks before, just tinkering with it.  i learned everything on my own and i wore that knowledge like a badge of honor.

so if you're asking that question...."what are you going to 
show me that i don't already know", i understand where you're coming from.  
however, looking back at how much time it took me to figure things out, i wish 
i had something available like this site.  something that could give me a jump start or point me in the 
right direction.  all i wanted to do was make money with my machine, not be 
a mechanic! 

now that i have a few other businesses, i seek out anything 
that can sharpen the learning curve, get me past the mechanics and on to making 
money!!

that's why i've made this embroidery repair, maintenance 
and operation training site
                    

                       
only $49...... 

buy a membership for your business

this content took months to put together and i know it's 
worth much more, but i would rather every embroiderer have the opportunity to 
access this site than just a few.







prepare to understand how your machine works. 

i've been through three of the major machine manufactures training programs and 
am confident that you will have a better understanding of how your machine works 
after watching these videos.  

the two to three days of training offered by the 
manufactures are so packed with information about your machine and software, 
they just don't have time to "pull back the curtain" and really show you the 
mechanics of your machine.  unfortunately, when you get back home and get 
around to your first order, you may find that a simple adjustment is stopping 
you from completing your job. 

 









buy a membership for 
				  your business
or
place your order over the phone:
631-858-0114

 




you agree 
this embroidery training site could help, but for whatever reason, you're still 
sitting on the fence. you watched the videos, read the information, maybe even 
searched and found this website while looking for training options.


maybe you’re 
thinking “do i need this? is it really going to help me with my machine”... you 
want to be absolutely sure this is for you.  


i understand how you feel, so let me make you a promise.....

if you are not 100% satisfied with this site.....let 
me know and i will refund the full amount plus shipping!!!

i'm not messing around here!  i am so certain that this 
is the best $49 investment an embroiderer can make.........i 
don't want your money if you feel otherwise!!

think of all the designs you have purchased....the 
patterns....gizmos and tons of other stuff to feed this embroidery addiction (and 
we all know it's an addiction).  the amount you have invested in this 
machine (or machines) means failure is not an option.....and knowledge and 
training is absolutely essential to your success as an embroiderer. 

for $49 you get over 
60 hours of professionally filmed, step by step training 
on repairing, maintaining and operating your commercial embroidery machine.

i've made this site affordable for a reason....so please don't 
take this low price for low quality, or lacking in content.  like i said 
before........i want everyone to be able to benefit from this knowledge.

100% money back guarantee means you have nothing to lose and 
everything to gain.....buy this dvd securely online by clicking 
"buy now" below



				  buy your subscription securely online now






				  as an added bonus, watch my free video 
				  on creating a niche embroidery online store in minutes !



this site is packed with 60 hours of video with 
detailed, step by step instruction - take a look below at just some!








 
 











 


 


   copyright © 2003 
www.servicewatchsystems.com - all rights reserved  © revised: 
      2017 www.embroiderytrainingvideos.com
buy digital garment printer ink for the 
					fast t-jet, flexi-jet inks and dtg inks
					
					www.garmentprinterink.com 





