

aladdincollector.com-is the fastest way to identify your aladdin lamp









              


























we stand before the winds of time 
        to bring a small light into the darkness, then we are gone.









  a new century had come to america, but it 
        had yet to bring it from the age of darkness. people still lived by the 
        flickering light of flat wick oil or kerosene lamps. the dawn of the century 
        was about to change the lives of many people and one company would be 
        at the heart of bringing light into those lives. "the mantle lamp 
        company of america" (later to become "aladdin industries inc.") 
        was about to bring america forth from its darkness with a unique product--the 
        aladdin mantle lamp. 
  aladdin lamps were unique in the use of a round 
        wick to provide an even non flickering flame, and a rare earth mantle 
        that glowed to produce the light of a 60 watt light bulb when heated by 
        the flame from the kerosene lamp. the difference between the light of 
        the aladdin lamps and any other oil or kerosene lamp was so great that 
        the company offered a one thousand dollar reward to any person who could 
        show them an oil lamp that could equal its light. the reward was never 
        collected, and by the early 1930's seven million aladdins had been sold!
  aladdin was also one of the pioneers in modern 
        sales techniques and would allow customers to trade in their old oil lamps 
        on new aladdin lamps. they were also one of the first companies to use 
        radio as an advertising medium in the midwest. they paid henry field, 
        who owned the henry field seed company of shenandoah, iowa along with 
        a 1000 watt station kfnf, five hundred dollars to talk about their lamp 
        on his "evening letterbasket" program. included in the program 
        was a cash offer of twenty five dollars for the best ten word slogan submitted. 
        the response was 2200 letters and 800 of those didn't even submit a slogan--they 
        just wanted more information on the lamp! later radio stations to carry 
        adds included wls chicago, who des moines, and wsm nashville. as radio 
        grew so did aladdin's coverage until it covered the nation.
  aladdin lamps were manufactured in a wide variety 
        of styles. the first were made of metal, either brass or nickel plated 
        brass. there were several models of the metal lamps including table lamps, 
        bracket lamps, and some very unusual hanging lamps. the 1930's and 40's 
        saw lamps made of colored glass, and included the now much sought after 
        ruby crystal and cobalt blue, tall lincoln drape aladdin lamps. another 
        lamp that became the best selling lamp in aladdin's history was the alacite 
        tall lincoln drape. alacite was a unique trademark of aladdin and resembled 
        ivory in its color and texture. moonstone glass was also unique to aladdin 
        lamps and was so named because the glass itself seemed to glow like the 
        pale moon. the glowing quality of moonstone is as popular with collectors 
        today as it was with customers in the 1930's.
  aladdin lamps have become very collectable today, 
        and for anyone interested in them, the following links will give you an 
        insight into their development, along with pictures to help you identify 
        the many different styles. i have devoted this site to the kerosene (oil) 
        lamps, although aladdin also manufactured many unusual electric lamps 
        after the advent of electricity. for anyone wishing more information you 
        will find a link within this site to the aladdin knights web site which 
        is devoted in its entirety to collectors of all types of aladdin lamps. 
        i hope you enjoy this site, and that it may be of some benefit to you 
        as an owner, or collector of aladdin lamps.








 
aladdin knights regional meets and shows.
 







 introduction




  what's an aladdin 
            lamp? 




 to new collectors





 tips and tricks






 the photo gallery
               






b-61 found in nebraska! 

 







 




 
 


 


 
 
 











 
email (click on bottle)
 





  notice about email!
  please be sure that your reply to address 
          is set up correctly in your email program, especially if you are sending 
          email from another computer such as at work! i have had several email 
          messages asking questions and have been unable to reply to them. if 
          your "reply to" email address is not correct i will be unable 
          to respond to your email messages. they will come back as undeliverable!! 
          including your email address at the end of the message will make sure 
          that i can get back to you with answers to your questions. 
      





 


 
need parts for your lamp?
more lamp sites!
 




 






