
















kitchen unplugged
































































































































































monday, march 19, 2012








sushi roll easter baskets






sushi is not only delicious, but healthy, low in fat, high in fiber from fresh vegetables and rich in minerals from seaweeds. my 11 year-old daughter and all her classmates love bringing sushi for lunch. it has become so popular that the school’s cafeteria is considering putting it on the menu! 
since the easter season is already starting, i’ve dressed up the sushi rolls as easter baskets by adding some quail eggs and cucumber handles. the recipe is published in my favorite on-line mag simplythesweetlife. let’s spread easter’s joy and healthy message to your beloved ones.





posted by



gattina cheung




at

12:07 am



5 comments:
  





























friday, february 10, 2012








interlocking ring cookies with rose sugar







simply the sweet life is a gorgeous site/magazine. it is my honor to have a chance to contribute the recipe of these cookies to them.

a marriage may be made in heaven, but the maintanance still has to be done on earth. so, go make some cookies :) happy valentine's day!





posted by



gattina cheung




at

2:08 am



6 comments:
  





























sunday, january 22, 2012








happy 2012








i never forget my blog, and every of you! i did involve a couple of projects but that couldn't stop me... until the examination (of my language school) came. i have been in spain long enough but i didn't put any effort to learn the language. i am really feeling ashamed. so unwillingly, i had to leave my blog for a while in order to focus my studies.
long before the exam, once i worked as a food stylist to a photo-shooting. the work was intense, but it wasn't the hardest part. how to be a good team player is a challenging though, especially something about art... the people are usually very subjective; plus, 'idea' this thing is completely abstract, finding words to discuss it is painful. so after many moments of mind-bleeding, lip numbing and spirit-murdering, i tried to set out something, and finally heard the photographer said, 'ahh! that's what i want!!!' ***firework***
these two photos are the reject, but i really love them. hope you enjoy these little pieces of 'me' here.
happy 2012! and to all chinese fellows, happy lunar new year!






posted by



gattina cheung




at

3:15 pm



6 comments:
  





























sunday, october 09, 2011








pomegranate & pearl sago dessert with chewy coconut






it is the best time to enjoy fruit, so many choices, so many colors and so many flavors! if you get tired of having fruit cockfruit for dessert, this one with exotic pearl sago would be a nice surprise. i particularly make some chewy coconut cookies to go with it, use it instead of spoon to scoop that sticky yummy fruity sago to mouth ... sorry i can't talk now as am too busy in eating.

for the recipe i will post it on my spanish blog.






posted by



gattina cheung




at

9:05 am



9 comments:
  





























saturday, september 24, 2011








bread with sardine & garlic spread







i was reading the boxes of canned sardine. an old fellow came by, just like me, was looking for a good one. he probably lived alone, or had extra time to spend, so he started a long conversation about sardines ...


i suddenly remember my grandpa, who chose to live alone for many years. when i visited him, i also loved checking his cupboard to see any left-over food for me to pick :) :) they're usually a few anchovies or canned sardines. "uh-ooooh..." people may give out a sympathetic sign once they hear the word "canned". but look at this way, it's reflecting his fuss-free life style. canned sardine doesn't taste like the fresh one for sure, but it has its own taste and it can be absolutely delicious. quite often i have a craving for that taste.


in this recipe, using canned sardine is certainly better!


we'll make some fresh sardines when we're ready for mingle next time, ok?!


to make bread with sardine & garlic spread, you will need:


country bread, sliced, and slightly toasted

slow-roasted garlic until the flesh is completely soft

top quality canned sardine, drained well

optional: paprika/ red peppercorns/ spices


remove the garlic skin, generously spread the flesh on a slice of bread. then either you mash the sardine to paste, or use it as-is, put the fish on the top, sprinkle some spice to finish






posted by



gattina cheung




at

6:21 am



4 comments:
  





























friday, september 16, 2011








lemon chickpea pastry







"moon cake" (a molded pastry that we make/eat to celebrate the full moon in the mid-autumn in china), in general, has a tender crust with some moist and sweet filling. it is supposed to be rich; a small piece goes a long way, and the pastries aren't cheap anyway. in the old days, my family could only afford one or 2 boxes (four pastries per box) for us to eat, and a couple boxes more to give to our very close relatives.


few days ago my friend put up some photos of mooncakes to facebook. i gasped when i saw all that packaging... besides of the traditional plastic pack, wax paper and paper carton, an individual metal tin is made to just hold one pastry, then a few pastries/tins again are placed into a bigger tin. the tins are gold color, with sand-blashed mat finish and spectacular printing...

when the pastries gone, so as those tins (straight to the dumpster)... the earth is already beyond exhausted.


the food manufacturers probably add an extra dose of preservatives and additives in order to prolong the life span of the pastries, to go with the longer marketing campaign or whatsoever...

can i just have one simple pastry? i don't eat metal, or plastic, or chemcial.

want a beautiful pastry? you need nothing except your creativity, your hands and time. additives-and preservatives-free. environmental-friendly.

 
the crust intends to be buttery, using a top-quality of butter (danish and irish ones are my fav) is a must! especially there is no egg in the recipe, the taste of butter is the shinning star then. and about the filling, i used chickpea so as to mimic the texture of lotus seed paste (a popular filling for "moon cake") although its flavor is from cocina nova. 

recipe of the shortbread crust (for 10 tart shells) : 110g premium-quality of butter 150g regular flour a pinch of salt (if your butter has no salt) 1/4 cup powder sugar optional: cut fruit and egg wash

soften the butter (not melting), beat it until it looks pale and fluffy, well combine with the powder sugar, flour and salt. you may add 1 tbp of flour if it looks too wet (but not too much otherwise the crust turns dry and brittle). let it rest in fridge for a few hours so as to relax the gluten and also to ease the shaping since the dough is slightly firm. 

recipe of the chickpea filling: 200g cooked chickpeas (from jar with water, drained well), juice from half lemon, zest from 1 lemon, 1/4 - 1/2 cup powder sugar (sweetness to taste), 1/4 - 1/2 cup cream cheese.

puree the chickpeas with the lemon juice, well combine with the lemon zest, powder sugar and the cream cheese. 

to assemble the tarts:


grease a tart shell and line it with a thin layer of dough, spoon in the chickpeas filling. if you make an open-face tart, arrange some cut fruit on top to avoid the filling dries up too quick during baking
if you want to make a molded pastry, you have to do more control on the (chill) temperature of the dough, because if the dough gets soft (as warm), it will stick to the mold. for molded pastry, please egg wash the pastries after unmolded.
pre-heat oven to 325c. bake the pastries about 25 minutes.






posted by



gattina cheung




at

4:55 am



6 comments:
  





























monday, september 05, 2011








fig & goat cheese filled sesame tartlet







fig + dairy, they fit to any meal in a day.


fig and plain yoghurt for breakfast.


fig and soft cheese on open-sandwich (like this) for lunch.


fig and aged cheese for dessert ...


... how about some fig-n-cheese tarts for between-meal as well!




even i only had less than an hour to make (and photo-shot) these tartlets, i know the method is fool-prove and the result's stunning.

what you need:

mini tart shell tray, pre-greased with butter
rolling pin
round cookie cutter
white sesame seeds
sliced bread
fresh fig, cut up
aged goat cheese, premium quality is a must
honey
fresh herb


sprinkle generous amount of sesame seeds on work table, roll a slice of bread on it. cut out the bread to a circle and place it into a tart shell.
bake the tart shells in a medium-hot oven for a minutes or two. let the bread cools off inside the tray. 
assemble the tartlets only by the time when it's ready to serve. fill the tarts with fig and cheese, drizzle some honey and place some herb to finish.






posted by



gattina cheung




at

10:42 am



5 comments:
  































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















"cocina desenchufada"









kitchen unplugged (cocina desenchufada) en español




estilismo fácil


















guide to culinary schools.com


top food blogs





about the site





gattina cheung


!hola!  soy de hongkong y vivo en barcelona, espana.  hace algunos años, cuando vivía en america, me inspiraron los panaderos artesanales en mi barrio y la tv programa "baking with julia", comienzco a hacer pan por mano.  también me fascinan el "gadget" manual, el alimento orgánico y la vida ecológicoa  -------------------hi, i am from hongkong, now live in barcelona.   a few years ago when i lived in the states, i was inspired by the artisanal bakers in my town, and a tv show called "baking with julia", that's how i start making my bread, pasta and pastry by hand.  i also love organic food, eco-friendly living and happy animal.

view my complete profile



amuse-bouche


munchkin devil egg
feta, cumin & pea cake
tortellini & brussels sprout in garlic oil
rose chocolate
chocolate-coated puffed rice
tomato, onion & olive foccacia
olives
lime & rose drink
mediterrean pasta salad
vegetarian egg-n-caviar (coconut & tapioca)




seasonal produces/ regional speciality


macaron
white chocolate coated strawberries
spanish shortcake (polvorones)
baked almond balls (pinyol)
kaki persimmon
artisan chocolate
anchovy stuffed olives
green tea soy milk
pork iberico
green fig
custard




bread (western)


mini hamburger bun
friday rolls
bread nuggets
fennel, spice, walnut & date wheat loaf
saffron & candied orange bread
no-kneading braided bread
basic dough for festive loaf
english muffins
pretzel
baked donut
ricotta flat bread (fried)
almond braided bread
artisanal bread
cinnamon butterfly
country bread
fennel, orange, raisin & pine nut bread
focaccia with breadcrumbs
fruit-n-nut ring
mini-burgers
olive loaf
potato focaccia
gold potato & scallion focaccia
rustic potato loaf
simple milk rolls
yeast-risen pancakes




bread (asian)


basic hk yellow bread
indian cumin flat bread
mini indian naan
persian cumin naan
shanghai scallion flat bread




pizza


basic dough
calzone
green olive & artichoke
sardine & black olive double-crust
anchovy & zucchine
arugula & pecorino




home-made pasta


meat-filled raviolis (deep-fried)
two basic pasta doughs
bi-colored pasta
cheese filled ravioli infused with fruit & herb
green ravioli
two-toned lasagnette
ravioli with fruit-n-herb butter sauce
skewer pasta with sausage & leek
noodles with beetroot & walnut sauce
orecchiette with cannellini & tuna
butternut squash & potato tortelli
sweet red bean ravioli
noodle basket
trecolori pasta torte




pastry


quick puff pastry dough
basic danish pastry dough
another danish pastry (light)
chocolate spiral pastry
chocolate gateau saint honore
choco-ban-nache beignets
appricot pastry
coconut tarts (hk style)
fig & soy-milk custard pastry
fig mini pastry
mango filled strudel
nuts & berries horseshoes
pumpkin-n-nut pastry
plt puff pastry - pesto, leek & tomato
savory danish
honey balls (cicerchiate)
fried krispy knot
lobster tail
mickey samosas
fried ricotta cup with chutney
indian meat pastry




pie & tart (sweet)


basic semolina pie crust
basic rich tart crust (marmalade filled)
almond crust (topped with berries)
apple formed flower in mini tartlets
apricot free-form tartlets
blueberry mini tart
clementine and pistachio tartlets
coconut chestnut cream tarts
cranberry chocolate pie
fig & amaretti tart
fig mini-baskets
lemon "circle" (miniture of lemon square)
mango & other fruits in meringue "bastket"
mango pudding tart
plum chocolate tartlets
pecan & ameratti tartlets
pear chocolate pie
panforte tarlets & physalis cream




cake & cookie


cheese (three types) crackers
cookie almond
chocolate hazelnut banana cakelets
chocolate-milk pudding cakelets
choco-n-jam cookies
chocolate egg cheesecake
chocolate (white) cheesecake
chocolate (white ) & pine nuts genoise
chocolate (white) & chestnut cream cookies
(chocolate) devil's food cake
chocolate milk cake
ginger cinnamon brown sugar cookies
almond apple torte
almond butter cake
apple, butternut squash & amaretti cake
cardamon cakelets
cardamon fried cookies
carrot & caramelized pomegranate cake
clementine white brownie
coconut & cinnamom cookies
coconut butter cupcake with cherry sauce
date, yam & walnut cake
fig & red wine cookies
fig christmas wreath cookies
grape cakelets
herbs & parmigiano shortbread
kumquat chiffon cake
lemon cake
orange sponge cake
orange & red pepper ricotta cheese cake
peach-sauce muffin
poppy seeds & yogurt cakelets
red wine fruit cake
rosemary sandwich crackers
saffron citrus sweethearts
simple cookies
spicy parmigiano crakers




from garden


avocado & green chilli pepper spread
apple risotto
artichokes & mushrooms preserved
beans in sacks
bell pepper (red) pasta sauce
butternut squash dip
chickpeas in eggplant "purses"
citrus fruit in spicy honey
clementine black olive salad
cranberry warm punch
edamame & zucchini rolls
fennel cream "lasagna"
fig, ham-n-cheese brioche
fig & mascarpone
gruyère & pickle bites
herbs balls (fried) & roasted bell pepper sauce
lychee baked rice pudding
mushroom terrine
peas (fresh) and porcini for pasta
plum & peach dipping sauce
plum soup
potato "bun" with balsamic vinegar onion
potato tartlet filled with hazelnut cream
potato scones topped with fresh figs
radish (leaves) & avocado quiche
spinach & ricotta (phyllo pie)
strawberry & parmigiano reggiano salad
tomato-edam open-sandwich with flavored oil
tomato (sun-dried) & mozzarella for pasta
tomato & zucchini pie
vegetable (vietnam-style) rolls
walnut coated crunchy honey




surf & turf


anchovy parsley dipping sauce
bacon ricotta balls
beef grilled with chesnut pate
calamari & clam tomato sauce
chicken grilled in banana leaf
chicken pate
chicken rolls in olive paste
chicken with crunchy onion (indian)
clam salad
egg & chips paelle
egg (qail) & asparagus pasta
egg (quail) medallion
fish & egg mini pastries
fish ball & veg soup
fish filled roasted red pepper
ham, cheese & leek "pinewheel"
ham, fig & cheese brioche
mussel stuffed with chard & parsley
pork loin in dukkah crusted
pork roasted in chinese style
pork sweet & sour
pork-leek rolls & butternut squash
salami & fontina for baked pasta
salmon (smoked) & apple salad
salmon (smoked) & two tufus (organic) salad
salmon filled tofu puff
salmon mousse & roasted pepper bites
salmon mousse on belgian endive
sardine (fresh) pickled
sausage & garlic mayo on potato
shrimp grilled with rosmary & tomato sorbet
shrimp in chilli & garlic olive oil
shrimp ricotta tortelet
shrimp, artichoke & fennel for pasta
shrimp, eggplant, & saffron stir-fry
squid & mushrooms saute
tuna sandwich with sautee radish




chinese menu


rice steamed in lotus leaves
stir-fried noodles in shanghai-style
stir-fried chicken & mushrooms with teriyaki sauce
lemon fish fillets
kung-pao hot chicken wings
spicy crunchy celery and agar-agar sticks (veg side dish)
fish ball & veg soup
steamed ginger egg custard




other desserts


pear poached in spice-infused wine
peach sorbet
agar-agar gelatina, medlar flavor
almond milk (home-made) pudding
almond rice & mango "sushi"
almond milk brioche pudding
apple & sweet barley crepe rolls
azuki (red bean) rice pudding
azuki jelly
banana deep-fried with caramel
chocolate & strawberry hot pudding
chocolate (white) filled crepes with rose-cherry sauce
chocolate ball coated crunchy peanut butter
clove coffee gelatin
coconut truffles
coconut & cardamom candy
coconut meringue with pomegrante
fig & coconut mousse
fig & pastachio cheese pudding
grape upside-down cheesecake
mango custard rolls
strawberry rice dessert




my web-site, awards and others


one of top food blogs
gattina cheung web site
plan for making bread for 50 people
montserrat trip
quick-n-easy food styling
beautiful blog
dmblg march 07 - 3rd place
my kitchen in barcelona
my kitchen in new jersey













































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























