









eskimo north - your home on the internet +1 206 812-0051eskimo north | your home on the internet +1 206 812-0051































































eskimo north
your home on the internet +1 206 812-0051





search




main menu
skip to primary content
home
web apps

federated applications

friendica social
hubzilla social
mastodon social
misskey
nextcloud
yacy federated search


host desktop or terminal
mail

rainloop
roundcube
squirrelmail


ruptime
rwho
traceroute
your ip


services

federated services
linux visual shell

e-mail


business hosting packages
personal hosting packages
uucp e-mail
virtual private servers
virtual domains


support

dial setup
dsl setup
e-mail

mail settings


faq
remote desktop
tickets
website support

https and http2




links

customer websites
directory of censored information
freedom platform
freenet
friendica
gab
hubzilla social
ice fishing
jab free jobs
larouche pac
learn opengl linux graphics programming
liberty council
linux.org
minds
morguefile
nanook’s home
nc renegades
nicegui
no vax mandate
open clip art
open source
open the books
pocketnet
qanon
radio garden
red balloon – connect with vax free employers
shoreline weather
stardrive.org jack sarfatti post modern physics
tech rights
the highwire news
truth for health
w3 nu validator
w3 schools


information

about our hosting
contact
history
link to us
news
payments
privacy policy
reviews
user meetings


games

defender games
eskimo arcade
y b bored


shell trial
issues
 






home



eskimo north fast hosting
 linux friendly virtual private servers, shell accounts, and hosting.
tired of dealing with godaddy, hostgater, bluehost? contact us!
our servers have full support for https and http/2.
knowledgeable human assistance via phone, e-mail, or tickets.
  call us now at (206) 812-0051 or (800) 246-6874. 





web apps
web based applications. these are programs that actually run and display in your browser, such as web mail, phpmyadmin, a java ssh shell, forums, statusnet, traceroute, and your ip.




services
information about the services we offer; linux shell accounts with rdp, vnc, x2go, and guacamole access, fast web hosting, virtual private servers, social media, e-mail, and other services.






support
setup e-mail and usenet news clients, customize spam filters, including white listing, black listing. setup x2go, opennx, nx player, and other remote desktops and configure dsl and 56k dial-up accounts. help with websites, frequently asked questions, and trouble tickets.




links
links to customer pages as well as many useful resources on the web, including linux resources, useful information about building websites, and local resources relating to shoreline and the surrounding puget sound area resources.






information
the information section contains information about our history, contact information, eskimo news, information and graphics for linking to us (we always appreciate that), payment information and also various customer review sites where you can find independent reviews of our service.




games
there are three games sections, eskimo arcade, games contained within our main website, presently is mostly broken as the result of a switch to https, i’m working on that, and two external sites y b bored (ybbored.com), and defender games (defender-games.net).






web apps
web based applications. these are programs that actually run and display in your browser, such as web mail, phpmyadmin, a java ssh shell, forums, statusnet, traceroute, and your ip.
services
information about the services we offer; shell accounts with remote desktop capability and sound, web hosting, web design, pc work, dsl, isdn, and dial access and other services.
support
setup e-mail and usenet news clients, customize spam filters, including white listing, black listing, setting the sensitivity threshold and other tweaks. setup x2go, opennx, nx player, and other remote desktops and configure dsl and 56k dial-up accounts. help with websites, frequently asked questions, and trouble tickets.
links
links to customer pages as well as many useful resources on the web, including linux resources, useful information about building websites, and local resources relating to shoreline and the surrounding puget sound area resources.
information
the information section contains information about our history, contact information, eskimo news, information and graphics for linking to us (we always appreciate that), payment information and also various customer review sites where you can find independent reviews of our service.
games
there are three games sections, eskimo arcade, games contained within our main website, presently is mostly broken as the result of a switch to https, i’m working on that, and two external sites y b bored (ybbored.com), and defender games (defender-games.net).

     check it out, explore, let me know of anything you think would make it better.
     try it out on your smart phone, it’s all responsive and mobile friendly. some of the webmail options work on some smartphones. if the default webmail doesn’t work well for you, try the roundcube or rainloop alternatives.  if neither of those work well, there is a owncloud mail client that works very well on mobile devices.

eskimo north, p.o. box 55816, shoreline, wa 98155 tel: 206-812-0051







join the blue ribbon online free speech campaign!








recent posts


mail subsystem repaired

posted on january 31, 2025  by  nanook 

reply 


 the grub subsystem on mail.eskimo.com has been repaired. for some reason the ubuntu update system installed some packages needed for a signed kernel onto a system that is running an unsigned kernel and installed some arm64 packages on an x86_64 system. i’ve deleted the inappropriate packages, installed the correct and necessary packages and test booted to make sure it comes up cleanly. 



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




mail subsystem

leave a reply 


roundcube, manjaro, yacy, friendica, hubzilla, mastodon, misskey down

comments off on roundcube, manjaro, yacy, friendica, hubzilla, mastodon, misskey down 


roundcube, manjaro, yacy, friendica, hubzilla, mastodon, misskey down

1 reply 


ubuntu

comments off on ubuntu 


mail server

comments off on mail server 


client mail server

comments off on client mail server 


ubuntu is down

comments off on ubuntu is down 


ubuntu upgraded but outgoing mail is broken

comments off on ubuntu upgraded but outgoing mail is broken 


ubuntu – upgrade in progress

comments off on ubuntu – upgrade in progress 

 







privacy policy 
					proudly powered by wordpress				






