



episcopal diocese of georgia retreat center - honey creek








































































menu



home
give
camp store
summer camp
events

upcoming events
conferences
retreats
youth events
non-diocesan events
weddings


about

our mission
history
staff


campus
faq
contact
 















a place 
without walls
nestled away on the georgia coast, see why we need to preserve honey creek for future generations.

learn more








a place
for laughter
youth events, episcopal diocese of georgia retreats, clergy conferences and non-diocesan events

learn more








a place
filled with love
connections that last a lifetime.









a place
of humble beginnings
remembering how we got here.

learn more




 





welcome to honey creek
officially known as the episcopal diocese of georgia retreat center. honey creek is a sacred place for people of all faith to find peace, solace, comfort and spiritual growth. from retreats to youth ministry and diocesan events, it’s our home and place of solace for many. this video explains a little more about who we are and what we do. you can also stop by and visit us in-person, because this is your home too.
what we do
campsconferencesretreatsyouth eventsnon-diocesan eventsweddings
honey creek is a thin space, where the veil between our world and the kingdom of god is translucent.honey creek does a lot of good for a lot of people. the ministering that occurs here changes lives, no matter where it occurs: summer camps, conferences like church development institute (cdi) or the youth event happening. our space can accommodate groups both in and out of the episcopal diocese. explore our listings below for more information.
the stories of honey creek
my retreat from the storms of lifetina higginbotham has learned the rewards that come setting aside time to be alone with the lord and with friends. […]read more ›i've been part of honey creek from the beginningas a high school junior in 1959, johnny patelidas was asked by the bishop to carry the cross at the […]read more ›spouses meet at honey creekhugh and kay brown first met at honey creek back in 1974. they can recall holding hands standing in the […]read more ›
got memories of honey creek?share now
 

 




directions 
instagraminstagram did not return a 200.follow honey creekfind us onlineimportant links book an eventhoney creek newslettershop honey creek
media kit
edga
terms of use
 



	© copyright 2024 honey creek.




 
 













