



pure kustom
















>



video review of a my custom leather holsters from a friend / customer.

pure kustom.com

please subscribe to my youtube channel for the latest videos on my holster designs and one off kustom holsters. click the image to the right.

interview of rocky felix, owner of purekustom.com 

all my holsters go through a 7 step hardening process. similar to kydex, but better! it comforms to the body for superior comfort, and won't break. i turns leather into cowdex leather. to create the best custom leather holsters in the industry!

please subscribe to my instagram channel for the latest pictures and videos on my one off kustom holsters. click the image to the right.





new racer owb custom leather holsters. click here























important info: if you carry iwb & owb strong side. black ops pro is for you. click here if you carry strong side iwb & aiwb and want covered optics and a cantable holster. special ops pro is for you. click hereif you carry aiwb or strong side zero cant and want the smallest holster i make, the mini special ops pro is for you. click hereif you carry owb strong side. zero cant to slight cant. mid to high carry. the racer is for you click here

infinity custom leather holsters  click here








welcome by purekustom.com. "often imitated, never duplicated"my custom leather holsters are multi use holsters, they can be used iwb and owb and adjustable. i also now have a shoulder harness option that will work with any of my holsters, past or present. my custom leather holsters are hardened like kydex but called (cowdex) so they keep their shape and are very thin 1/8 over and behind the firearm for your comfort.  if you carry all day everyday, this is the holster for you.



i'm honored to have some of the departments patches that my customers have sent me.  thank you!







links are all at the top of the page



purekustom








×


holster models



all holster models
black ops pro
special ops pro
mini special ops pro
racer owb
qls drop leg duty holsters
blade-tech-tek-locks holsters
shoulder harness
mag pouches
belt attachments
quick clips
"the option" spacer
faq





holster inventory



instock holsters
atlas gunworks holsters
brake pedal holsters / racer pro iwb & owb
bul armory holsters
combat precision m5
cosaint arms holsters
infinity firearm holsters
masterpiece arms ds9 holsters
nighthawk customs
racer owb
sig 365xl
staccato 2011 holsters
sti 2018 -2019
wilson combat holsters
ultra kustom, one of a kind kustom holsters
other manufactures holsters
gun broker reviews
faq.





3d leather


category
3d leather kustom holsters
4d leather coming soon.
tooled kustom holsters




 firearm brake pedal


category
purekustoms firearm brake pedal




innovative products


inovative products
purekustom quick clips
purekustom extreme option
mantis x10 elite
laser academy
pink rhino laser




gallery


about us
10 reasons why i'm the best.
about us
past life


past holster galleris
sti 2018
sti 2018-2019
staccato 2019-2020
staccato 2020
all mfg. 2020-2021
all mfg. 2021
all mfg. 2021
all mfg. 2021-2022
all mfg. 2022
all mfg. 2022
customer photos


my media
my youtube
my instagram




contacting info


contacting info
ordering info
faq















where inspiration & innovation come together!




new products using blade-tech products




brake pedaltm

do you want a flatter shooting gun with more control? if so click here



"patent pending"

double click to edit

the ultimate in three-dimensional custom leather holsters for luxury firearms. click 

welcome to purekustom, where innovation meets craftsmanship in the world of concealed carry holsters. since 2008, rocky, the owner, has been dedicated to creating the finest custom leather holsters on the market. at purekustom, we take pride in our reputation for excellence and our commitment to pushing the boundaries of holster design.here, you'll find a range of innovative products that are exclusive to purekustom. we specialize in crafting custom holsters for high-end luxury firearms, catering to brands like atlas gun works, staccato 2011 firearms, svi infinity firearms, wilson combat, nighthawk customs, bul armory, and many more.our holsters are meticulously designed and handcrafted to provide the perfect fit, ultimate comfort, and unmatched durability. whether you're a seasoned gun enthusiast or a first-time buyer, purekustom is your destination for top-quality concealed carry solutions.join us on a journey where tradition meets innovation, and experience the difference that purekustom can make for your concealed carry needs.

updated 02-01-2025all orders are taken by phone.phone:  rocky at 480-924-6866

welcome to purekustom.com i make holsters for most  firearms.so if you don't see what you are looking for. please call 480-924-6866 to order one. thank you and have a great year!

"rocky,i have been working in law enforcement for the past 23 years and have concealed carried almost every day.  i have tried numerous holsters over the years with varying degrees of success.  i ordered a holster from you in july of 2024 for my staccato c.  i had considered ordering your holster in the past but did not because they are not cheap.  after using your holster for the past 6 months, i have discovered the adage is true, you get what you pay for!  your holster is the most quality, comfortable holster i have ever used.  i am fortunate that i am able to afford an incredible firearm and the craftsmanship of your holster is a perfect compliment.  i wanted to thank you for creating a great product.  you have raised the standard for what i expect from my holster.  you have created a repeat customer who is happy to give you more of my money.thank you,dan"

this is why, i do what i do,

