




wide format, capture, creation, output and finishing | digital output magazine











































































 



subscribe

new subscription
account updates
customer service


news & events

news
events


advertise

media kit
reprints
contacts


editorial

webinars
current articles
web exclusives
the magazine
enewsletter
edit calendar
contacts


buyers guide

search
vendor update





























 






 














 the pull of magnetsmagnetic signage is useful for promotional reasons, but it’s also fun to work with the medium as a design aesthetic. depending on the combination...



























 
spotlight on segsilicone edge graphics (seg) are typically printed to textile-based media. they are made up of three components—frame extrusions...


 
casting call for excellencea new year, a new cast of characters for digital output’s readers’ choice top 50 awards. to compile the annual list we tally how the magazine’s...


 
the next attractioncombining magnetic media with pressure-sensitive vinyl, banner material, rigid substrates, and fabric—it completes the list for a print provider...


a turbo switch for businesswork house signs, a pottstown, pa-based online signage printer and seller, has over 500,000 designs for sale on five platforms—amazon, ebay, etsy...


print on directlyfebruary 2025: target chart


seg fabricsthe february issue of digital output highlights the popularity of dye-sublimation (dye-sub) for silicone edge graphics (seg)...


dye-sub for segthe february issue of digital output highlights the latest trends in silicone edge graphics (seg). we also discuss the popularity of dye-sublimation...


 
multi-media graphics tell a storywe live in a world that relies heavily on digital videos and projections, or even tricks of light. however, the power of print is still integral to messaging...


 
the power of laserslaser engraving is achievable whether working with a dedicated device or a multi-faceted piece of equipment capable of routing and laser cutting...


page 1 of 41012345...102030...»last »





categories
banners and stands
design
digital printing
capture
color
finishing
grand format
inks and media
management
wide format
workflow








news
bmg now offering marabu digital inks02.13.2025 brand management group (bmg), the master distributor of marabu liquid laminates in the u.s., now carries marabu digital ink...

isa, segd to co-locate in april02.06.2025 the international sign association and the society for experiential graphic design (segd) will hold co-located events during isa international sign expo...

avery dennison teams with yiannimize, debuts new supreme wrapping film colors from europe 02.06.2025 avery dennison graphics solutions today announced the north american launch of two supreme wrapping film color collections. previously only available in europe...

fdc announces february product updates02.04.2025 fdc graphic films, inc. is pleased to announce a new color of lumina by fdc 3400 holographic film; and four additional siser products...

hybrid software brandz launches ic3d suite 10.502.04.2025 hybrid software’s brandz business unit is excited to announce the launch of ic3d suite 10.5, a real-time 3d packaging mockup solution that enables...

summa launches dedicated vinyl cutter for dtf02.04.2025 digital cutting specialist summa introduces a dedicated vinyl cutter for dtf applications. it is designed to prevent the scratches or roller...

fedrigoni self-adhesives launches richly textured cotone sabbia extra white in the u.s.01.30.2025 fedrigoni self-adhesives north america (fsa), part of the fedrigoni group, a global leader in the production of premium self-adhesive materials...



all news >>














 



quick links

























































2025 © rockport custom publishing, llc
























