

		tree specialists, inc. | wellesley, newton, sherborn ma | tree care
	
































tree specialists, inccommitted to tree preservation since 1981



make a paymentconsultations508-429-8733 (tree)






menu |  
 | call 


about 






company background 
our approach 
meet our team 




who we serve 
credentials 
careers 







services 






tree care
tree pruning

structural bracing

lightning protection





plant health care
phc programs

soil management

root zone remediation

pest management





specialty services
consulting

planting

mulch program








reviews 
learning center 
contact 







committed totreepreservationsince 1981













consultations




make a payment










our approach is a combination of art & science, and we strive to balance the two by applying the latest, industry-approved arboricultural practices.











tree care
plant health care
specialty services







tree specialists, inc. is an accredited tree care company serving metrowest boston. we take great pride in our 40 year history of helping people manage and improve their properties. our certified arborists work with both residential and commercial property owners and professionals, in a wide variety of landscape settings, with one goal in mind: to preserve and enhance the unique contribution that healthy trees make to the environment.
get to know us.














everyone is professional and easy to work with. excellent company! my trees look great and the crew did exactly what i was hoping. i will continue to recommend tsi to others! — tim mackey, residential client, cambridge, ma 










serving metrowest boston
508-429-8733 (tree)
7:30a–3:30p monday–thursday
9:00a–3:00p friday



 base content copyright ©
							2025 market hardware, inc. additional text content copyright ©
						2025,
						tree specialists, inc. botanical illustrations © president and fellows of harvard college, arnold arboretum archives. smarter websites & seo for tree care professionals  by
							market hardware















