































































aiken sc news & south carolina news | postandcourier.com




 




















































































skip to main content























site search




search












facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube









login



subscriber exclusives



post and courier



home





news


local news

business

local government

politics

public safety and courts

discover aiken county 

photo galleries

police scanners 

triple crown

we are aiken




sports


local sports

high school football

south carolina

clemson

national college football

equestrian sports

usc aiken

golf life 

prep sports

sports photo galleries 


education





entertainment 


local events galleries

events calendar




features


local health news 

home and garden 

food news

pet news 

announcements & celebrations

celebration photo galleries

feature columns

in the spotlight




opinions


editorials 

columnists

letters to the editor 


obituaries





contests


contests

aikens choice


e-paper



north augusta news



historical archives





classifieds


jobs

auto

real estate

marketplace

place an ad


printads



special sections



careers



buy tickets



videos













unlimited local news you can trust.




subscribetoday
















46°
sunny 







 



                                
                                    aiken, sc
                                
                                 (29801)

today
plentiful sunshine. high 53f. winds wnw at 5 to 10 mph..
tonight
clear to partly cloudy. very cold. low 29f. winds light and variable.
 updated: february 17, 2025 @ 11:42 am






 full forecast

















site search




search


























menu














 login






buy & sell


classifieds


print ads


circulars


real estate


marketplace


place an ad


customer service


manage your subscription


about


advertising rates


marketing information


become a member


faqs


mobile apps


newsletter 


rack locations


staff


special sections


submit legal notices


subscribe





home


e-paper


obituaries 


aiken


north augusta


rock hill


greenville


events


all events


event photo galleries


recruitment form information


newsletters


marketing info.


sc jobs




































top story




        

        
            'it's 365 days that it needs to be celebrated': aiken honors black history parade silver anniversary

by carl dawson
cdawson@aikenstandard.com





+32






aiken’s celebration of black history month featured the 25th annual black history parade on feb. 15, with more than 75 church groups, bands, civic organizations, car enthusiasts and local officials walking, riding and waving for more than a mile down hampton avenue from florence street to pe…









                
                today's highlights
                
            

















        

        
            aiken public safety officer among fire academy graduates






















        

        
            residential fire leaves one dead in aiken county






















        

        
            mardi gras revelers celebrate in downtown aiken with music, beads and dog parade















support the aiken standard investigative fund: 


our public service and investigative reporting is the most important, and most expensive, work we do. we need your financial backing to produce these stories that drive change in our communities big and small throughout the state. please donate today. donate now  





                
                around the state
                
            
















        

        
            together, 2 banjo players have 19 grammy awards. they'll play with the sc philharmonic next.

béla fleck and abigail washburn, award-winning banjo players and a married couple, will perform pieces inspired by the theme of americana at the koger center in columbia.  read moretogether, 2 banjo players have 19 grammy awards. they'll play with the sc philharmonic next.


















        

        
            noaa funds much of sc’s climate research. what’s at stake if the agency is gutted?

project 2025 proposes breaking up national oceanic and atmospheric administration and commercializing the national weather service. some worry such policies would impact state's ability to plan for sea-level rise and how residents access weather information.  read morenoaa funds much of sc’s climate research. what’s at stake if the agency is gutted?


















        

        
            shots fired into home kills hemingway woman

shots fired into home on february 13 kills hemingway woman in williamsburg county. read moreshots fired into home kills hemingway woman









                
                what's happening today
                
            
















        

        
            today’s events for feb. 17

let's go bingo will be held from 6 to 8 p.m. mondays at the aiken senior life services, 1310 e. pine log road. there is a $5 cover charge. game cards are $1 each or $15 to $25. for more information, visit facebook.com/letsgobingoaiken. read moretoday’s events for feb. 17










                
                support local news.
                
                    




community support is the bedrock of local journalism. if you aren't already among our loyal subscribers, please consider supporting our important work of covering aiken county and beyond.


subscribe today


































                
                latest posts
                
            















aiken area news




        

        
            aiken public safety officer among fire academy graduates


2 hrs ago

















aiken area public safety & court news




        

        
            residential fire leaves one dead in aiken county


17 hrs ago

















entertainment




        

        
            today’s events for feb. 17


23 hrs ago

















aiken area news




        

        
            bbb consumer tips: receive a call from jessica at a loan processing company? it could be a scam


feb 16, 2025















                
                today's top headlines
                
            






        

        
            mardi gras revelers celebrate in downtown aiken with music, beads and dog parade



        

        
            residential fire leaves one dead in aiken county



        

        
            'it's 365 days that it needs to be celebrated': aiken honors black history parade silver anniversary



        

        
            kimberly-clark could be gearing up for major expansion in aiken county



        

        
            s.c. high school league finalizes basketball playoff brackets. here's where aiken area teams stand.




































































                
                business
                
                    















        

        
            new downtown aiken store offers women's clothes that make transition from work to play








        

        
            aiken resident and retail food industry veteran discusses future of grocery shopping



        

        
            one downtown aiken store has 'permanently closed'



        

        
            how is ai being used in the workforce? local aiken business leaders hear the latest.








                
                public safety & courts
                
                    















        

        
            residential fire leaves one dead in aiken county








        

        
            four men arrested, charged with murder of batesburg-leesville man



        

        
            one person transported following feb. 12 shooting in aiken's crosland park



        

        
            here's what we know about three potentially destructive devices found in aiken county this week.








                
                education
                
                    















        

        
            usca homecoming spirit run benefits scholarship fund memorializing fallen aiken officers








        

        
            usc aiken art historian lectures about video loops and relevance to today's technology



        

        
            state-of-the-art steinway piano transforms instruction at usca



        

        
            $100m in prioritized facility improvements approved by aiken county's board of education








                
                government & politics
                
                    















        

        
            is development causing aiken to lose its 'small city feel?' some residents think so.








        

        
            aiken city council approves friendship baptist church designation changes



        

        
            $100m in prioritized facility improvements approved by aiken county's board of education



        

        
            aiken city council deems hitchcock/bostwick stables a 'non-contributing' structure



































































































                
                savannah river site
                
                    















        

        
            can elon musk's doge team access classified savannah river site information?








        

        
            savannah river site museum founder honored before leaving aiken for atlanta area



        

        
            energy secretary chris wright has been confirmed. what are his plans for the savannah river site?



        

        
            donald trump picks leadership of the federal department overseeing savannah river site








                
                more local news
                
                    















        

        
            aiken public safety officer among fire academy graduates








        

        
            'it's 365 days that it needs to be celebrated': aiken honors black history parade silver anniversary



        

        
            mardi gras revelers celebrate in downtown aiken with music, beads and dog parade



        

        
            bbb consumer tips: receive a call from jessica at a loan processing company? it could be a scam








                
                local sports
                
                    















        

        
            s.c. high school league finalizes basketball playoff brackets. here's where aiken area teams stand.








        

        
            fox creek basketball teams end season on a high note with wins over silver bluff



        

        
            aiken high basketballmake late runs to sweep south aiken in finale



        

        
            north augusta boys' basketball adds another region championship with win over rival midland valley








                
                golf
                
                    















        

        
            quick return to torrey pines brings familiar setting with a lot more of golf's best players








        

        
            monahan says bringing liv players back into the fold is a top priority for golf



        

        
            max homa is trying to dig himself out of another hole



        

        
            us open and british open put out the welcome mat for liv golf players. the door remains narrow




















                
                entertainment & lifestyles
                
                    















        

        
            today’s events for feb. 17








        

        
            today’s events for feb. 16



        

        
            family and marriage: god's love can bring us together



        

        
            arts and humanities: the view from the waffle house window








                
                opinion
                
                    















        

        
            column: doge isn’t 'unprecedented,' but trump is doing it better than eisenhower did








        

        
            column: consideration should be given before names are changed



        

        
            letter: friendship parsonage status mustn't change



        

        
            letter: friendship parsonage status mustn't change








                
                p&c north augusta
                
                    















        

        
            this week in the csra: battle of aiken, artist of color reception and savannah river smackdown








        

        
            srns youth apprentices show off it skills to the community



        

        
            traffic to be impacted during augusta half marathon, 10k and 5k feb. 22



        

        
            a pop of color: north augusta elementary school holds community service day to help beautify building





friends2follow



















































                
                photo galleries
                
                    
























        

        
            prep basketball: aiken at south aiken



















        

        
            college softball: erskine at usc aiken



















        

        
            paintbrushes and horsehair









































                
                college sports
                
                    



















south carolina












        

        
            hamilton: home humbling by uconn could lead to a better south carolina








        

        
            uconn cracks cla's code: gamecocks lose at home for first time since 2020



        

        
            minnesota? nice! johnson, bueckers star as state ambassadors in usc-uconn matchup



        

        
            third-ranked gators keep gamecocks winless in sec



clemson












        

        
            clemson baseball opens with 2 top-25 wins and an sec loss. here's what we learned.








        

        
            'he's a legend': clemson's brownell pays homage to leonard hamilton after blowout of florida state



        

        
            clemson coach sets sights on growing baseball brand and eventually, the tigers' stadium



        

        
            here is the 'crazy' story of the russian big man who helped clemson conquer tobacco road



more college sports












        

        
            bucs can’t pull off upset; lose 75-72








        

        
            college of charleston rebounds with victory; the citadel losing streak hits 17 games



        

        
            unc wilmington rolls past college of charleston



        

        
            college of charleston 'still not over' ncaa snub



arena sports












        

        
            where will mazeo bennett commit?








        

        
            nyckoles harbor reflects south carolina's trajectory



        

        
            south carolina ready for round two with kentucky



        

        
            mazeo bennett sets commitment date








































                
                site links
                
            



about


staff


mobile apps


newsletter


rss feed


classifieds


special sections


careers





                
                related properties
                
            



aiken standard - aiken, sc


georgetown times - georgetown, sc


the berkeley independent - moncks corner, sc


journal scene - summerville, sc


moultrie news - mount pleasant, sc


the star - north augusta, sc 


free times - columbia, sc


evening post books - charleston, sc


kingstree news - kingstree, sc






                
                contact information
                
            


aiken standard
    326 rutland drive n.w., po box 456
    aiken, sc 29801
    
phone: 1-803-648-2311
email:  support@aikenstandard.com





                
                follow us
                
            





facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube













×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox


























© , aiken standard, an evening post publishing newspaper group. all rights reserved.  | terms of sale
 | terms of use

 | privacy policy











































