



sweet liberty with jackie patru















	  today
	  is sunday february 16 2025.
	  it is week
	  07 of the
	  year, and we are
	  047
	  days into 2025.
	















"in defense of the world order, u.s. soldiers would have to kill
	  and die. ... we are not going to achieve a new world order without paying
	  for it in blood, as well as in words and money."

	  -- arthur schlesinger, jr., in
	  back
	  to the womb, july/august 1993 issue of foreign affairs
	




	  audio archives of sweet liberty with jackie patru can be obtained from the
	  first amendment radio network
	  on audio cds, in mp3 format, or by clicking onto our
	  audio archives
	  page.
	










	 
	








> translate <

spanish
french
german
italian
portuguese


 
> main navigation  < 

about us
sweet liberty audio
	archives
govern america audio archives
jackie's
	perspective
links
images
live chat
books
	online
resources
radio guests
locate your
	state government
search
contact
	info


> the issues 
	<

	children
9/11 war on americans
so you want to go to war?
how wars are made
united
	nations
	agenda 21
world trade
environment
weather modification
rewilding america
big brother
homeland security
shadow government
iraq
israel
states' rights
regional governance
the south was right
computerized
	voting
wolves in sheep's clothing
guns or not?
executive orders
constitutional conventions
electoral
	college
greatest hoax
health and medical
bird flu
hate crimes
wild fires
more issues...

> links  < 

amerikan exposé
govern america
more links... 



	  what's hot
	




jewish persecution
book by jackie patru
		introduction by steven jacobson: "having been born a jew, i became
		acutely aware of the enigma of being a jew ... undoubtedly, there
		will be those who will label this important work 'anti-semitic' as a distraction
		to draw attention away from its many insights that contribute to our
		understanding ... when men practice the highest ideal of religion —
		love of god — there can be no conflict."

israel
its god, its people, its territory. read and weep!
		how much territory do they claim? hear the bbc broadcast, christian
		zionists, pushing the plan for world dominion. jesus
		said (to the pharisees / rabbis), "ye are of your father, the devil ... he
		was a murderer from the beginning ... he is a liar and the father of
		it."

9/11 war on terror
america's new war? or war on americans? an entire section
		dedicated to exposing the genocidal insider-attack on the world trade center
		and pentagon. proofs of a conspiracy to commit treason on
		americans.


iraq: before and after u.s.
		'liberation'
so many deaths of innocent iraqis and stupid, stupid
		americans who believe they're fighting for 'their country' over in iraq!
		read the book, saddam hussein.

north american trade and wildlife
		corridors
as an extension of nafta, a massive 12-lane highway
		system is being built to link canada, mexico and the united states as a free
		trade "region".


how
		wars are made, behind the scenes
overwhelming evidence confirms the fact that wars don't
		"just happen." accounts on the orchestration of past wars, near wars, and
		war plans as steps leading to the never-ending "war on terror" — the
		harbinger of world war 3.

so... you want to go to
		war?
for what purpose do you want to go to war? you're willing
		to risk your life? is your country really at risk? your country needs you
		to massacre innocent, defenseless people? to become a human guinea pig to
		the military/ industrial/ pharmaceutical complex? you will, if you go to
		war.







	  what's new
	


	  site last updated
	  thursday may 13 2021.
	

	  march 20, 2012
	

constitutional
	convention 2012 !!
a gridlock of fact and fiction - the call for a
	constitutional convention (con-con) is on the march throughout this country;
	it is armed and it is dangerous.


	  march 9, 2009
	

forcing
	the federal government to comply with the constitution
how to turn the hostile into the compliant.


	  february 21, 2009
	

general george patton
"i shall resign, not retire, because if i retire i
	will still have a gag in my mouth" read general patton's warning!

a cry for the children
by darren weeks
	"what kind of government will our children inherit from us? what will be
	the legacy that we leave for them when our country is thoroughly bankrupt,
	has been for decades, but continues to borrow, print, and spend against the
	productivity and on the backs of future generations? how many generations,
	yet to be conceived, will be paying for the blatant and criminal looting
	of the american purse that is daily and contemptuously shoved in our
	faces?"


	  july 11, 2007
	

drano used in processing
	soybeans
the next step is that the refined oil is mixed with
	sodium hydroxide - naoh - which most of us know as drano... that's right
	- the exact same corrosive lye you pour down your drain when it's clogged.
	(erasmus, p 96) the purpose of adding this corrosive is to remove any free
	fatty acids which may be 'contaminating' the 'pure' refined oil. anyone
	for a dranoburger?


	  june 19, 2007
	

cell phones: more damning
	evendence
preventive psychiatry e-newsletter #66 - what is the
	effect of the radiation? - * open the blood-brain barrier * heat head &
	brain tissue * disrupt brain activity * reverse cell membrane polarity *
	alter brain waves * alter brain chemistry * damage dna

kill cell phones before
	they kill you
"news and science reports from all over the globe seem
	to show that a cell tower neighborhood is basically a sick neighborhood.
	we found many media reports about cancer clusters in residential areas close
	to microwave towers..."

	  april 30, 2007
	

cold remedies
	put children at risk, group says
baltimore sun: city health chief, 15 pediatric
	experts petition fda for stricter regulations. "when you see multiple
	deaths, hundreds of calls to poison control and thousands upon thousands
	of kids using these drugs in the city every day, and they don't work and
	they're not safe, it's a fair issue for public health," said dr. joshua
	sharfstein, baltimore's commissioner of health.

kissinger: the secret side
	of our secretary of state
by gary allen, 1976 also author of "none dare
	call it conspiracy
	we're cross-posting this book in the issues section titled "how wars are
	made behind the scenes" since kissinger was the man seemingly in charge of
	the viet nam war era. his authority went over/beyond nixon, then-president.
	the author, gary alan, has earned his wings in heaven. (maybe his books are
	the reason why he is no longer in the physical realm) this book goes way
	beyond the man, kissinger, and takes us into the wheelings and dealings of
	the son-of-a-rabbi/ communist/kgb/ rockefeller/cfr agent kissinger. read
	it! - jackie

	  april 26, 2007
	

does your child have
	epilepsy?
is there an alternative cure outside of dangerous
	drugs and surgery? yes! for one/third of all children whose parents
	are wise and loving enough to say no to drugs and surgical procedures that
	are not helping their children. 1-800-for-keto

	  february 14, 2007
	

president
	of czech republic calls man-made global warming a 'myth' - questions gore's
	sanity
"czech president vaclav klaus has criticized the un
	panel on global warming, claiming that it was a political authority without
	any scientific basis."

	  november 16, 2006
	

'their
	hearts enlarged until they exploded'
details of the detrimental health results in rats,
	given high fructose corn syrup.

	  august 26, 2006
	

'scientists'
	continue dangerous virus experimentations
"using a new method to test potential pandemic flu
	strains, scientists have created a virus that contains genes from human and
	bird flus and found it lacks what it takes to cause a pandemic ....
	the experiments were risky in that 'the possibility was there' that a highly
	transmissible pandemic strain might have been created in the lab."

	  august 19, 2006
	

connectivity
	issues cause outage
trouble on cogent's 207 network, the network where
	sweet liberty was hosted, caused this site and others to disappear from the
	internet for most of the day on friday.

	  june 30, 2006
	

coming soon: mind-reading
	computers
"imagine a computer that could pick the right emotional
	moment to try to sell you something, a future where mobile phones, cars and
	web sites could read our mind and react to our moods..."

	  june 28, 2006
	

time and
	global warming
pittsburgh tribune-review, june
	2006
	"time's 1974 piece was nowhere near as sensationalized or irresponsible as
	last week's global warming sermon. with its moralizing tone, overheated rhetoric
	about "crashing climates" and "glaciers and ice caps turning to slush," plus
	its parroting of the green party-line about human-forced global warming,
	"be worried ..." couldn't have been less fair or unbalanced if it had been
	guest-edited by al gore.

"another ice
	age?"
time magazine, june 1974
	"... when meteorologists take an average of temperatures around the globe
	they find that the atmosphere has been growing gradually cooler for the past
	three decades. the trend shows no indication of reversing. climatological
	cassandras are becoming increasingly apprehensive, for the weather aberrations
	they are studying may be the harbinger of another ice age."

"be worried, be very
	worried"
time magazine, march 2006
	"no one can say exactly what it looks like when a planet takes ill, but it
	probably looks a lot like earth. never mind what you've heard about global
	warming as a slow-motion emergency that would take decades to play out. suddenly
	and unexpectedly, the crisis is upon us.

the enmod treaty
resulting treaty from the united nations' convention
	on the prohibition of military or any other hostile use of environmental
	modification techniques.

korean "police action" -- american
	soldiers betrayed
"the enemy then contacted and relayed these battle
	plans to their communist forces in the field. the enemy knew when to move
	from an area and when to attack our smaller fighting forces. they knew beforehand
	when we were coming and how many of us there were. they knew everything about
	us all the time – 24 hours a day!!!"


	  june 20, 2006
	

international trade and wildlife corridor
	maps
the north american trade corridor is presently being
	built as an extension of the north american free trade agreement (nafta).
	in addition to the north american trade corridor, the wildlands project has
	the wildlife corridor that they intend to build, "protecting" large areas
	of land from human use and activity. how do the trade and wildlife corridors
	fit together?


	  june 7, 2006
	

cancer risk detailed
	for arthritis medications
"rheumatoid arthritis patients taking humira or remicade
	face triple the risk of developing several kinds of cancer..."


	  may 17, 2006
	

depleted uranium:
	dirty bombs, dirty missiles, dirty bullets
"...eight out of 20 men who served in one unit in 2003
	u.s. in iraq now have malignancies. ... 40% of the soldiers in that unit
	have developed malignancies in just 16 months. ...it targets the dna. marion
	fulk, a nuclear physical chemist retired from the livermore nuclear weapons
	lab and formerly involved with the manhattan project, interprets the new
	and rapid malignancies in soldiers from the 2003 war as 'spectacular ...
	and a matter of concern'."

un labels on us parks
"u.n. designations such as "world heritage site" and
	"biosphere reserve" are being placed on dozens of u.s parks and monuments,
	including independence hall, the statue of liberty and yellowstone national
	park. at mt. mitchell state park in north carolina, a sign leading into the
	park designated it as a u.n. biosphere reserve. when citizens protested,
	the words "united nations" were taken off the sign and "international" was
	put in its place...."

pennsylvania freemasons now promoting
	biometrics for children
eerily similar to the
	nebraska
	freemason program we posted last december, the pennsylvania freemasons
	are also openly promoting biometric identifyers for children. as with every
	program of the evil elite, they are always sugar-coated with supposed "good
	intentions".


	  may 10, 2006
	

climate change drives disease
	to new territory
hocuspocus! "global warming -- with an accompanying
	rise in floods and droughts -- is fueling the spread of epidemics in areas
	unprepared for the diseases, say many health experts worldwide. mosquitoes,
	ticks, mice and other carriers are surviving warmer winters and expanding
	their range, bringing health threats with them."

new order
	from the president of the united states
jewish american heritage month,
	2006
	for our visitors who haven't read
	"jewish
	persecution" go to chapters
	12
	and
	18
	if you would like to see the influence these people have had in the past
	-- early, early settling america, including the not-so-spontaneous american
	revolution. a tough, bitter pill to swallow. - jackie





	  may 3, 2006
	

flock killing
	planned if bird flu found
"free-ranging chickens and small, backyard flocks will
	be at greatest risk if deadly bird flu reaches the united states, officials
	said wednesday. they also said they would begin killing off flocks large
	or small if they are suspected of having the virus - even before tests are
	completed."


	  march 16, 2006
	

got pizza hut? got
	silicone!
"polydimethylsiloxane is not approved for use as a
	food additive, yet, pizza hut is using this silicone-based chemical as a
	stabilizer for cheese on its patented pizza products. some of those pizzas
	go directly to your child's schools and are served at lunchtime."

little manchurian
	candidates
"one ring to rule them all; one ring to find them.
	one ring to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them"
	—tolkien

taking
	american land and rights — how it works
by nancy levant
	"every american citizen, no matter where you live, must buy your county’s
	plat book. plat books are maps that identify the owners of each and every
	parcel of land in your counties. you cannot know what is going on behind
	the scenes unless you buy your county plat book. begin there. you will then
	discover that most of the land in your counties is now owned by 1) state
	or federal government, 2) land development companies, 3) land
	“trusts” or “land funds,” 4) environmental organizations,
	and 5) large corporations."

	  march 15, 2006
	

security fears
	as flu virus that killed 50 million is recreated
"scientists have recreated the 1918 spanish flu virus,
	one of the deadliest ever to emerge, to the alarm of many researchers ...
	undisclosed quantities of the virus are being held in a high-security government
	laboratory in atlanta, georgia, after a nine-year effort to rebuild the agent
	... a team lead by dr jeffery taubenberger at the armed forces institute
	of pathology in maryland shows that the recreated virus is extremely
	effective..."

	  march 13, 2006
	

stop wyeth and
	the fda: your hormones are in danger
bio-identical hormones are in danger, and we must act
	quickly to protect your right to use these safe, effective, natural
	therapies.

	  february 1, 2006
	

iraq war vets struggle
	to adjust to lost limbs, flashbacks
"unlike the young draftees of earlier wars, many of
	these men and women are older, with families. for them, this morphing from
	a fighting machine ducking bullets into a mommy or daddy packing school lunches
	presents a special challenge. this time the government tapped the national
	guard and the reserve to augment regular forces. some returnees-proportionately
	many more than in vietnam-have left limbs and slices of sanity on an urban
	battlefield as strange as the iraq war itself."

50,000 soldiers forced
	into extended duty
the u.s. army has forced about 50,000 soldiers to continue
	serving after their voluntary stints ended under a policy called "stop-loss,"
	but while some dispute its fairness, court challenges have fallen flat. ...with
	yearlong tours in iraq and afghanistan, some soldiers can be forced to stay
	in the army an extra 18 months.


	  january 31, 2006
	

how our laws are made: a ghost
	writer's view
by sandra strokoff, assistant counsel, office
	of the legislative counsel, u.s. house of representatives
	"we draft legislation for all sides on the issues at the same time, both
	republicans and democrats. ... at times, it would be much more efficient
	to be able to hook up several different clients who want to do roughly the
	same thing at the same time, instead of having to produce multiple documents
	with enough modifications to make them look different. but we are strictly
	bound by the rules of attorney-client confidentiality. we are therefore
	frequently in the position of knowing what all sides are up to before anyone
	else does."


	  january 17, 2006
	

audio: weather channel
	'forecasts' hurricane for new york
in a promo for an upcoming show, the weather channel
	states: "and when the water arrives, it will come rushing
	toward 8.2 million new yorkers, 2 million of them living directly in its
	path. ... this category 3 hurricane's approached to new york will
	be deceptively quick and deadly." how do they know this, unless
	they are privy to a plan?


	  december 21, 2005
	

how could all 50 states
	be wrong?
every state in the union refers to god in their
	constitutions. if god should be removed from all of the public domain, how
	is it that every one of the states were wrong to include a reference to the
	creator?

victim surprised would-be
	robbers
orlando police said one of the suspects told them they
	chose the man outside a marriott fairfield inn because they thought he would
	be an easy target. he would have been, had it not been for the hidden weapon
	on his wasteband.

	  december 14, 2005
	

u.s. had advanced
	warning of asian tsunami
daily times, january 3, 2005
	"a canadian expert has claimed that the us military and the state department
	were given advance tsunami warning and america’s navy base on the island
	of diego garcia in the indian ocean was notified but the information was
	not passed on to the countries that bore the brunt of the disaster."

	  december 12, 2005
	

nebraska freemasons promote
	biometrics for children
grand lodge ancient free and accepted masons of nebraska
	are openly advocating biometric identifiers for children, in the name of
	safety. biometrics are the forerunner to the implantable microchip, which
	will ultimately store such information. is it a coincidence that the program
	is called "chip"? "interested in sponsoring a masonic chip event?"

	  november 19, 2005
	

epa
	to allow pesticide testing on orphans and mentally handicapped
	children
public comments are now being accepted by the environmental
	protection agency (epa) on its newly proposed federal regulation regarding
	the testing of chemicals and pesticides on human subjects.

	  november 8, 2005
	

links from the november 8th
	broadcast
posted for your further research and information
	mining.

	  november 7, 2005
	

help defeat the
	north american cooperative security act
legislation is currently pending in congress that would
	effectively erase the borders between canada, the u.s., and mexico.

	  november 2, 2005
	

building a north american
	community
report of the independent task force on the
	future of north america
	(council on foreign relations)
	recommendations for tri-national integration include the establishment of
	a "common security perimeter" (outer border) by 2010, a north american border
	pass with biometric identifiers, a common external tariff, seamless movement
	of goods and human capital within north america. also to be established is
	a north american energy strategy, as a regional alternative to kyoto. a unified
	approach on food, health, and the environment. expansion of temporary worker
	programs and the creation of a "north american preference" for immigration
	for citizens of north america.

	  september 15, 2005
	

epa scientists call
	for end to water flouridation
eleven epa employee unions representing over 7000
	environmental and public health professionals of the civil service have called
	for a moratorium on drinking water fluoridation programs across the country,
	and have asked epa management to recognize fluoride as posing a serious risk
	of causing cancer in people.

	  september 14, 2005
	

katrina fuels
	global warming storm
human activity is blamed for a phenomenon called "global
	warming". articles like this one from the controlled press, often quote "experts"
	who say rising temperatures are causing weather anomalies. at the same time,
	they fail to mention who the experts are, and that there are many experts
	who do not agree with the global warming rhetoric.

the leipzig
	declaration
"as the debate unfolds, it has become increasingly
	clear that -- contrary to the conventional wisdom -- there does not exist
	today a general scientific consensus about the importance of greenhouse warming
	from rising levels of carbon dioxide. in fact, many climate specialists now
	agree that actual observations from weather satellites show no global warming
	whatsoever... based on all the evidence available to us, we cannot subscribe
	to the politically-inspired world view that envisages climate catastrophes
	and calls for hasty actions..."

methods of artificial weather
	manipulation help agriculture, devastate the enemy, and control the world
	economy
"computer models obviously focused on the ionosphere,
	which acts as a filter for the solar radiations to reach the earth. if one
	can manipulate and control the filter, it becomes a potential source of massive
	weather modification."














	  © 1999-2025 jackie
	  patru and darren weeks.
	  this website makes use of some non-original copyrighted material. in accordance
	  with title 17 u.s.c. section 107, the material on this site is distributed
	  without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
	  the included information for research and educational purposes. for more
	  information go to:
http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml






