















carteret county, nc - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      departments      services      business, tourism and lifestyle      i want to...  


 

 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 





 














agenda center








register of deeds










 
 














news








bids










 
 














tax help








employment










 
 
 
























 














news & announcements
 






  
 
 















carteret county reminds residents of free service to protect homes from fraud 


carteret county, n.c. (january 28, 2025) – with property fraud schemes becoming increasingly sophisticated, carteret county is encouraging residents to take advantage of a free service designed to protect their most valuable asset – their home.						read on...







sharon griffin named interim carteret county manager 


carteret county, n.c. (january 14, 2025) – during the carteret county board of commissioners’ meeting on monday, january 13, 2025, the board voted to appoint sharon griffin as the interim county manager, effective immediately.						read on...







unc-ch collaborates with 22 counties, including carteret, to address affordable housing needs 


we’re honored to announce that carteret county has been selected to participate in the highly competitive our state, our homes (osoh) program by carolina across 100 at unc-chapel hill!			news release







juvenile crime prevention council seeks proposals for at-risk youth programs 


carteret county, nc (dec. 11, 2024) – the carteret county jcpc is seeking proposals from organizations interested in providing a prevention and early intervention program for delinquent and at-risk youth.						read on...







carteret county government earns ‘aaa’ credit rating from fitch ratings 


carteret county, nc (december 3, 2024) – carteret county government (ccg) has been awarded a prestigious financial upgrade by fitch ratings, moving from a ‘aa+’ to an ‘aaa’ issuer default rating and general obligation bond rating.						read on...







carteret county to begin accepting low-income energy assistance program (lieap) applications dec. 2 


carteret county, nc (november 27, 2024) – carteret county households with individuals aged 60 or older or those with disabilities receiving services through the daas can apply for the low-income energy assistance program beginning dec. 2, 2024.						read on...







carteret county public library joins ecu in digital bridges initiative 


carteret county, nc (november 19, 2024) – the carteret county public library system is proud to join east carolina university (ecu) in the digital bridges initiative.						read on...







inmate's painting presented to county manager by the arts council of carteret county 


carteret county government, beaufort, nc - the first-ever inmate art show held at the arts council of carteret county last spring proved to successfully showcase a diverse exhibit of beautiful artwork. the inmates named their art show, "beyond the fence."						read on...







carteret county personnel support western north carolina in tropical storm helene recovery efforts 


carteret county, n.c. (october 15, 2024) – a joint response team from carteret county, including emergency management (em) and county government staff, was deployed to western north carolina to assist with recovery efforts following tropical storm helene.						read on...







carteret county earns award from ncacc for opioid response program 


carteret county, n.c. (august 12, 2024) – the north carolina association of county commissioners (ncacc) recognized carteret county with the excellence in innovation award during its 117th annual conference last week.						read on...







carteret county receives a permanent replica of the charters of freedom in front of the courthouse 


carteret county, n.c. (april 29, 2024) – a celebration of freedom and patriotism took place in beaufort this past saturday, as the 52nd charters of freedom setting nationwide was dedicated near the veterans memorial in front of the county courthouse.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 















 
 
 






 








calendar






february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1











/calendar.aspx



 
 
 











 








calendar










mon, feb. 17  

county board of commissioners meeting

county board of commissioners meetingread on...


tue, feb. 18  

library board of trustees meeting

library board of trustees meetingread on...


thu, feb. 20  

transportation advisory board meeting

transportation advisory board meetingread on...






thu, feb. 27  

board meeting: carteret county - beaufort airport authority

board meeting: carteret county - beaufort airport authorityread on...


fri, feb. 28  

juvenile crime prevention council (jcpc) meeting

juvenile crime prevention council (jcpc) meetingread on...


sat, mar. 1 		 - sun, mar. 2
 

37th annual coastal home & garden show

37th annual coastal home & garden showread on...





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 




 







contact us







210 turner streetbeaufort, nc 28516
 




directory
 






  
 







social media



   





 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







quick links







departments



careers



employee e-mail



meeting videos - live & recorded



staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







n.c. state board of elections



bid postings



employment opportunities



benefits and forms information



risk management / workplace safety







accident/incident documents 



carteret county gis portal



north carolina court system



north carolina department of justice









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














site map







accessibility







copyright notices







privacy policy







government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














news








calendar








contact








backto top










 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









