






duesenburg automation and equipment – industrial automation and robotics






























skip to content






duesenburg automation and equipment






menu


home
about us
services
contact us
portfolio
gallery
 













duesenburg automation and equipment




call us! +1 (877) acs-1742 
 
email












menu


home
about us
services
contact us
portfolio
gallery

























since 2001






welcome to duesenburg automation and equipment building
 
we are a high-tech automation engineering company serving the commercial and industrial sector. we are specialized in motion, robots, plc, and drives.
we also develop new concepts for automation and plant communications. we have all the tools and software to deliver a professional and outstanding performance at minimum risk to our customers especially by utilizing simulations and extensive testing.
we are also proud to add a line of software for simulating robots, for reach studies and programming. we have performed numerous projects with important fine details  and performed well under crunch time effect with success.
duesenburg is also proud to be a team member with other partners to present a complete package to our customers, including vendor follow-ups and total integration including design, building, installation and service in addition to our well known tool protection and error proofing systems trusted by our customers.
 
service e-store located by clicking here...
 


















duesenburg feed packages
 are moving to mpa in michigan

2904 snow rd,
lansing, mi, 48917

phone: 517-731-0073
 


















trust
trust, it's not easy to give and it's even harder to earn. being trusted is a great responsibility. one we carry with us every day. with every project, you put your trust in us, so we make sure it's done well and it's done right.





services ..




























custom cnc controlsduesenburg cnc systems based on rexroth mtx. it consists of hmi interface and a compact multi-axis drive controller from 3-99 axis.
advantage
* easy to use and practical
* ultra-high reliability and production accuracy – down to the nanometer
* machining times minimized thanks to a high-performance processor
* fast, easy commissioning of the turnkey system
* compact multi-axis drive controller with small footprint that needs minimal mounting space in control cabinet
* direct connection to 200 - 500 v, 50 - 60 hz supply mains without a transformer
* operating panels and software optimized for easy and efficient machine operation
* comprehensive technology-cycle library for easy, efficient solving of complex machining tasks
* multiple technological functions for complete machining
* compatible with most fanuc g-codes and more. provide up to 500 lines look a head.
* axis range from 4-12 axis, and up to 2 simultaneous running channels.
duesenburg mtx micro – the perfect cnc system for
* turning, milling and drilling machining centers
* laser, water jet and plasma cutting
* grinding
* gear machining
learn more 

















controls and panelsthis is our base line and core business when first started. we are the fastest most efficient plc programmers in our field. we over came many obstacles successfully. we write easy to follow modules, well documented code, data manipulation for external devices (e.g. welders and motion).
our famous systems utilizes boschrexroth and siemens programmable controllers, integration with ethernet/ip and profinet systems, including servos, robots. safety and welders.
duesenburg offers, custom made add-on instructions for ab contrologix platforms, to control complex tasks in motion and servo application.
 
learn more 

















machine building and cncsince 2012, duesenburg has established a strong footprint in machine building and cnc machining using 3d design software with built-in cam modules to produce cnc g-code programs without human interaction or errors.
learn more 









 










contact usemailwebmaster@duesenburg.netphone+1.260.496.9650fax+1.260.918.2281address5437 state road 930
fort wayne, in 46803
maps
 






© 2025 duesenburg automation and equipment
 | 
powered by beaver builder

 















