to wine and cheese - a blog for wine beginners      skip to contentto wine and cheesewine infowine storage  search this website     menu close wine infowine storage       how long does sherry last? sherry is one of the most famous fortified wines made in spain. it is produced from white grapes and ranges from light to heavier versions containing around 15% to 17%…   how long does marsala wine last? marsala wine is one of the most famous fortified wines coming from sicily. it is most commonly used in cooking as it creates nutty, rich, and caramelized taste – especially…   is cabernet sauvignon dry or sweet? cabernet sauvignon is one of the most famous wines – and it’s even considered to be the king. this red wine is suitable for beginners as well as veteran wine…   is moscato a dry or sweet wine? if your drink of choice is wine, then you definitely know that white wine is the best choice for fish, seafood as well as it can be enjoyed on its…   pinot grigio vs chardonnay: the battle of the grapes a wine battle that has been centuries long, pinot grigio versus chardonnay, may finally come to an end today. wine connoisseurs around the globe have been trying to decide: which…   malbec vs merlot: comparison guide  have you ever drunk merlot and then malbec and were confused about how similar they taste? well, the two may seem similar to an average wine lover but there are…   pinot noir vs. merlot: comparison guide these two palate-pleasing reds have been both friends and foes for the longest time. some will insist that one is more superior to the other, others may not even be…   why is terroir important for wine quality? terroir is a french term and concept with no equivalent in the english language. actually, there isn’t much of an agreement on what terroir means, and it seems that there…   shiraz vs cabernet sauvignon: all you need to know! shiraz and cabernet sauvignon are some of the greatest grape varieties in the wine world. what are the actual facts that make them really different? what is the difference between…   dry wine vs sweet wine (complete beginners guide) wines are significantly increasing in overall popularity among different countries around the world. they have become a symbol of classiness, elegance, romance, trust, and honesty. it doesn't even matter if…   how to make muscadine wine (step by step guide) do you know that there are folks who grow muscadines and make wine from them annually? you're probably thinking to yourself, how that's what i am here for- to enlighten…   ultimate wine and cheese pairing guide for beginners pairing wine and cheese is a tantalizingly tasty age-long tradition regarded as a perfect pair. lovers of this grand culinary pleasure view it as a marriage no one can resist,…   simple homemade blackberry wine recipe blackberries are one of the most popular berries and grow in a large variety of regions throughout the world. buying these berries in stores can be very expensive and they…   bordeaux vs. burgundy: what’s the difference? imagine yourself at a high-profile event. on the table, you have these two dazzling legendary wine bottles - bordeaux and burgundy, but you are lost in a maze. why? you…   how to decant wine the right way wines are pretty common nowadays, and they keep getting more and more popular in the last couple of years. there are even countries like france and italy that are specialized…   what wine goes with pork dishes pork is one of the most versatile foods to pair with wine. because it can sometimes be naturally blander in flavor then beef or lamb, for example, people have invented…   8 tips on how to store an opened wine every wine is different of its own. each one of them has a unique taste, aroma, color and even weight. while some people like red or white, other might be…   how to stop fermentation in wine as a producer of wine, controlling the alcohol constituents to halt the creation of an intense wine, and the desire to put in additional sugar, usually for some mixture of…   how to properly use wine openers there is a large variety of wine openers on the market today. while none of which are necessarily better than the other, there are different reasons to use different openers.…   brut vs extra dry: what’s the difference? the brut and extra dry are the most popular champagnes around the world. some casual stores don't even sell other types of champagne rather than these two. they both taste…   seafood & fish wine pairing guide for most folks, the idea of pairing seafood with wine seems daunting. the big question is, should it be a challenge? let's face it; there are so many comments on…   cabernet sauvignon vs merlot cabernet sauvignon and merlot are both considered to be big dogs in the wine world. both originating in bordeaux, france in the 1400’s; cabernet seemed to gain early ground on…   does champagne go bad & how long does it last? regarded as light to the touch and sweet to the taste, champagne is known as celebrations' favorite partner, it's elegant and classical. from the pop to the bubbles to the…   difference between red and white wine wine connects our heart to the mind. a lot of people undoubtedly agree with this definition. you may taste wine because you have passion and love towards it. there can…   sauvignon blanc vs chardonnay (difference, taste) originally originating from eastern france, chardonnay is a grape variety used in producing fine, dry, white wine. the crafting and creation of wines made from this grape in all its…   how long does red wine last? we know many types of wine, like red, white, rosé, fruit and mead. every wine is different. they have different attributes, taste, aroma, and endurance rate, making each one of…privacy policy copyright 2022 - to wine and cheese               

