



welcome - admissions - vincennes university

























navigation









ignite your journey: apply now and blaze your trail with vincennes university!













search bar





























navigation menu









about vu
                                       
                                       
request information
alumni & giving
mission & leadership
accreditation
campus security
diversity equity inclusion
institutional policies
key offices
vu in the news


academics
                                       
                                       
major & degree finder
university catalogs
class schedules
student resources
english as an additional language(eal)
honors program
library
cybersecurity center
community education
shake learning resource center


admission & aid
                                       
                                       
admissions
consumer information
cost of attendance
financial aid
international admission
jag college success
next level jobs
placement testing
scholarships
transfer opportunities
veterans services
visit & tour


locations
                                       
                                       
vincennes campus
jasper campus
military education sites
gibson county center
indianapolis american sign language
indianapolis aviation technology center
high school dual credit
online
statewide business & industry training


campus life
                                       
                                       
housing
dining
events
recreation center
jefferson union student center
bowling center
aquatic center
e sports
shircliff art gallery
athletics
student clubs & organizations
health & wellness
student resources
red skelton theater


employer resources
                                       
                                       
employer gateway
business & industry training programs
career center
next level jobs
work based learning


adult & continuing education
                                       
                                       
adult basic education
career center
continuing education
next level jobs


colleges & schools
                                       
                                       
business & public service
health sciences & human performance
humanities
science, engineering & mathematics
social science, performing arts & communication
technology


give today!











vu-x









                        										resources
                        									

 apply 
 visit & tour 
 request info 




                        										info for:
                        									

 students 
 faculty 
 family 
 alumni 
 employment @ vu 








 

admissions











admissions







degree seeking application










non-degree seeking application










financial aid










readmission criteria










bachelors degrees










latino student info























new student
high school students and first time college students

 

transfer to vu
a student who wishes to transfer to vu with existing college credit

 

international student
non-u.s. citizen with a valid visa seeking a degree

 

military education
military personnel looking for higher learning opportunities















how to apply

submit either the vu application or common app
make sure we have your supporting documents:




official high school transcript that reflects at least six semesters of work completed
                                             and includes your gpa computed on an unweighted 4.0 scale and your class rank, or
                                             a ged *




review admission requirements below.

* a high school transcript may be waived for students who have 24+ hours of postsecondary
                                    credit from a regionally-accredited institution. postsecondary credit must be a grade
                                    of c or above.









admission requirements & decisions

registration requirements


all students must demonstrate college readiness before they are eligible to register
                                                for any classes.college readiness can be demonstrated by: 




graduation qualifying exam (gqe)





passing scores on the english and math sections of the graduation qualifying exam
                                                                  (in=istep).    





high school equivalency (hse)





passing high school equivalency test (ged/hiset).





grade point average (gpa)  





2.5 high school gpa on a 4.0 scale





honors diploma





academic honors diploma






technical honors diploma





college credit





6 college credits**





sat/act*





sat    ebrw: 480    math: 480






act    reading: 18 english: 18    math: 19





next generation accuplacer (2019 & later) *





reading: 227






writing: 232






arithmetic: 214






alg/qr/stats: 220





*only one minimum score is required.



transfer credit



credits toward completion of a degree are accepted from regionally accredited colleges.

vu will evaluate courses in which grades of c- or higher have been earned.
if a transfer course is the same as a vu course, but the hours differ, vu may accept
                                                      hours not applied to that course as an undistributed elective.
the division dean may authorize a waiver of a required course when more than half
                                                      of the hours of the course are being accepted as undistributed elective transfer hours.
in addition to transfer credits, students may earn advanced placement through standardized
                                                      testing.
transfer students may earn academic credit for service school courses and military
                                                      science credits.




criteria for transfer credit decisions



the criteria vincennes university uses when accepting and applying transfer credit
                                                   include:

the similarity of the course content as determined by the academic department most
                                                      knowledgeable about the technical content.
how appropriate the incoming course will be in the student's major. a valid disciplinary
                                                      course that has no specific vincennes university course equivalent may be assigned
                                                      undistributed elective credit in the appropriate department. undistributed elective
                                                      may apply to a major as an elective or as a major course requirement. a course may
                                                      be equivalent to a vincennes university course but it may not be applicable to the
                                                      student's major.
an on-going assessment of the success of students in subsequent courses that are related
                                                      to the course being transferred to vincennes university. this assessment becomes a
                                                      measure of the quality of the incoming course.
vincennes university complies with guidelines of the higher education transfer alliance
                                                      (heta) which is a voluntary group organized by the council for higher education accreditation
                                                      (chea).




felony review



vincennes university prioritizes a safe learning environment and requires all applicants
                                                   to uphold this standard. applicants with felony convictions must submit a completed
                                                   felony charge form for each conviction, including a personal statement and supporting
                                                   documentation.
admitted students found to have misrepresented their criminal history are subject
                                                   to immediate dismissal.
felony application deadlines:

fall semester: july 15
spring semester: december 1
summer semester: may 1

please be advised that felony charges may prevent a student from entering a degree
                                                      program or from obtaining work in that field upon graduation. even if a student's
                                                      background check is cleared by the admissions office the student should have a conversation
                                                      about the charges with his/her academic advisor, prior to beginning a degree program,
                                                      to ensure the possibility of job placement after program completion.


















see all vincennes university has to offer in our video viewbook































are you ready to be a trailblazer?





experience learning beyond traditional settings with renowned faculty, rich resources,
                                                                     a hands-on approach, and personalized supportive learning environments. vu's faculty
                                                                     is known for being highly experienced in the fields they teach, providing students
                                                                     with an immersive, collaborative, and inspiring environment.
as a trailblazer, you will have opportunities to gain real-world experiences close
                                                                     to home and around the globe. our students graduate with the values and knowledge
                                                                     they need to pursue meaningful work, find passion in life-long learning, and lead
                                                                     successful and purposeful lives.











apply to be a trailblazer










schedule your campus visit










search our programs & degrees













































scholarships & financial aid





we know going to college is a big decision and a big investment.
vincennes university helps you go further faster by offering focused, quality education
                                                            at a price you can afford.
we are here to help you navigate through the options for paying for college.











financial services










scholarships










cost of attendance











































campus tours daily





the 60-minute campus tour, led by a student tour guide, will showcase both the academic
                                                            and residential side of vincennes university. 
visits are offered monday - friday 9:30 am and 1:30 pm est.











plan your visit










directions to campus










vincennes campus map











































steps to becoming a vu trailblazer




there are a few steps to complete the admissions process. these checklists will guide
                                                         you through the requirements, applying to vu, selecting a degree, registering for
                                                         classes, and more!










admission requirements










next steps after admission
























contact information


vincennes admissions office
 office hours: monday - friday (8:00 am - 4:30 pm est)vincennes main office:812-888-4313
                                    										email:	vuadmit@vinu.edu
jasper admissions officejasper office812-481-5918
                                    										email:	vujcadmissions@vinu.edu

















federal legislation requires institutions of higher education to inform prospective
                                             members of our community about its most recent crime statistics, fire safety related
                                             policies and statistics, crime prevention and security programs and activities, policies
                                             concerning the reporting of crimes, disciplinary procedures, and other matters of
                                             importance in compliance with the jeanne clery act. vincennes university’s annual
                                             security and fire safety report can be accessed at vincennes university police department’s web page.if you would like to obtain a paper copy, you can contact the vincennes university
                                             police department, 1201 n. 2nd street, vincennes in 47591 or call 812-888-5555.
vincennes university is committed to providing equal access to its educational programs,
                                             activities, and facilities to all otherwise qualified students without discrimination
                                             on the basis of race, national origin, color, creed, religion, sex, age, disability,
                                             veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other category protected
                                             by applicable state or federal law.  an equal opportunity employer, the college also
                                             affirms its commitment to nondiscrimination in its employment policies and practices. 
                                             in compliance with title ix (20 u.s.c sec 1681 et seq.) vincennes university prohibits
                                             sex discrimination, including sexual harassment. the university will conduct its programs, services and activities consistent with
                                             applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations and order and in conformance
                                             with the procedures and limitations as set forth in vu’s equal opportunity, equal
                                             access and affirmative action policy which provides specific contractual rights and
                                             remedies.  additionally, the university promotes the full realization of equal employment
                                             opportunity for women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans through
                                             its affirmative action program. 






access the vu non-discrimination policy


























ready to begin?






apply









visit









programs





























 back to top 

vincennes logo


812-888-vuvu 800-742-9198
1002 north first street vincennes, indiana 47591
sign up for e-alerts  sign up for the vu news insider contact us give now 



 facebook 
 instagram 
 twitter 
 youtube 
 linkedin 







vu-x
accreditation 
emergency procedures 
employment
for media & press 
student complaint 
student right to know 
campus maps 
protect vu
sitemap 













accessibility 
parking information 
privacy 


© vincennes university | all rights reserved


 








©







