




















homepage | case



















































skip to main content














case





main menu


 learning




 conferences & events



 in-person events



 online events



 past events





 online learning



 scholarships



 case@campus



 case academy



 present at a conference







case academy





join us at case academy and unlock the leader within you. at this exclusive online course,  you’ll embark on a learning journey alongside colleagues from diverse advancement disciplines.







 resources




 library



 advancement resource catalog



 subject guides



 case files



 sample collections



 sample submission guidelines





 currents magazine



 bookstore



 educational partners directory



 newsroom



 public policy



 all resources







advancement resource catalog





visit the case library's database and search through more than 15,000 articles, books, and white papers. start your search.







 insights




 getting started



 today’s opportunities



 building strategy



 surveys



 case global reporting standards







case global standards





learn about the common set of standards, guidelines, and definitions for reporting the results of educational philanthropy activities at schools, colleges, and universities across the globe.  







 awards




 circle of excellence



 global individual achievement awards



 independent school awards



 individual achievement awards



 distinguished service awards



 case leadership award



 previous winners





 case district awards



 case commonfund college and university foundation award



 award recipients







circle of excellence awards





case’s annual circle of excellence awards showcase outstanding work in advancement. meet our exceptional award winners.







 connect




 regions



 africa



 asia-pacific



 europe



 latin america



 us/canada



 regional councils





 districts



 communities



 schools



 community colleges



 college and university foundations



 u.s. advocacy action center



 volunteer



 educational partners



 engage with case



 marketing opportunities available with case



 industry advisory council



 educational partners directory



 case standards champions



 case media kit





 case multi-cultural network







educational partners





meet case's educational partners - industry thought leaders working with case to strengthen schools, colleges, and universities.







 deib & talent




 talent management



 career central



 case advancement internship



 case graduate trainee progammes



 the case e-mentoring platform





 oic: opportunity and inclusion center



 deib training/programs



 minority serving institutions



 lgbtiqa+ communities



 case multi-cultural network



 inclusion toolkit



 case statement on inclusion



 chairs



 information request









career central





find your next team member, build the advancement pipeline, and make your next career move—all in one place. search or post jobs today. 







 about




 championing advancement: case strategic plan



 celebrating 50 years



 what case stands for



 the evolution of case



 leadership



 board leadership



 volunteer leadership



 president's page





 offices & staff



 washington d.c.



 london



 mexico city



 singapore



 senior staff listing





 membership 



 giving to case



 giving opportunities



 impact of giving



 legacy giving





 online newsroom



 case in the news



 case experts



 case media kit





 careers at case







case future fund





in celebration of case’s 50th anniversary, case is proudly establishing the future fund – a visionary philanthropic initiative poised to support and shape the future of the advancement profession. support the future fund. 







 membership




 create/manage my account



 become an institutional member



 case membership primary and secondary coordinators



 explore membership benefits



 membership directory



 membership tutorial videos







member benefits





strengthen your advancement operation, including the latest research and trends in advancement, career and professional development programs, and publications. see all membership benefits and contact us today! 







 give to case






 log in



 alerts



 search



 shopping cart












explore more

 








global connections. 
one world. one case.
come celebrate with us.






search this section







join case
already a member? log in














help us securethe next 50 years.give to case








 






2025 circle of excellence award nominations now openshowcase your institution's outstanding work in advancement services, alumni relations, communications, fundraising, and marketing.  learn more and submit your nominationsearly-bird rates available until february 12. nominations close march 12.












 








january 1, 2025



january - february 2025 issue of currents


sky's the limit: dynamic marketing and communications can help institutions today reach for the stars and achieve crucial outcomes. in this issue, meet some of the 2024 circle of excellence winners in the field—and explore case’s new framework to measure the impact of this vital, increasingly sophisticated work in advancement. read the latest issue 






















































international schools and their advancement offices are often thousands of miles apart, but case makes the world a smaller place building connections, collegiality and creative collisions across the globe. being part of the case community is simply a 'must have' for any advancement professional!

              emma silva, chief advancement officer, jakarta intercultural school
          







case provides a wealth of resources to understand best practices, and it sets the standard for what and how we should operate in the advancement world. it supports me in how to do the best for my own institution.

              ron song, senior director of prospect & campaign analytics, university of california, irvine
          







case gives us the ability as an institution to start to network and profile some of the great things we are doing. those opportunities to put our own institution out there has also even helped us in recruiting. 

              stefanie hardacre, manager of campaign strategy & analysis, monash university, melbourne, australia
          







i think case gives members opportunities to learn and meet new people and peers in this career that are doing similar things. you can learn from each other, and then take that knowledge back to be successful.

              george robinson, senior director of major and planned gifts, delaware technical community college
          







case connects me to some of the smartest people in the industry and makes sure i’m not thinking about what’s just working now, but what will be working next, and in future generations. 

              liz gross, founder and ceo, campus sonar
          







case inspired and supported me in developing, establishing and expanding an alumni relations programme at the european molecular biology laboratory which has grown threefold in the last decade. the programme plays an increasingly significant role in embl’s mission to support life sciences in europe and beyond. together with case, we are now preparing to translate this success in offering an advancement summit for life sciences institutes worldwide. thank you case!

              mehrnoosh rayner, head of alumni relations, european molecular biology laboratory
          











member benefits
members get access to resources and tools that support the vital work of institutions around the globe.







get the latest trends, best practices and samples
see more






case global reporting standards






read more













published report
case insights on alumni engagement 






africaasia-pacificeuropelatin americamiddle eastus/canadahigher educationcollege and university foundationsk-12other non profitalumni relationsfundraisingvolunteers


read more













published report
case insights on philanthropy in independent schools (united states)






us/canadak-12research and dataenrollment


read more













case insights on philanthropy (united kingdom and ireland)






europeunited kingdom and irelandnorthern europehigher educationfundraisingresearch and data


read more













case insights data portal






resourcesurvey result


read more













open
case insights on voluntary support of education






us/canadahigher educationfundraising


read more













case insights summary benchmarking reports






resourcesurvey result


read more













advancement investment and fundraising results: a nine-year study of 30 higher education institutions in the united states






resourcewhite paper


read more













data storytelling







locked

articlecurrents


read more













building a research mind







locked

articlecurrents


read more













2018
hbs alumni bulletin


harvard business school



robert sibley magazine of the year award





read more


























data. standards. research.


        case insights
      

case is the world leader in helping advancement professionals in colleges, universities, and schools make data-informed decisions. institutions of any size, type, or location around the globe will find case insights data, standards, and research are valuable tools to help drive success. 


learn more
















join the case community today!
join the conversation
















case








 case communities



 member login



 careers at case



 terms & conditions



 privacy statement



 staff intranet






connect with case 


 facebook



 twitter



 linkedin



 instagram










case member support+1-202-328-case [2273]
















case




close




search


search this section








popular searches 
books
advancement events
articles
fundraising resources
case insights resources
awards
case library
currents
opportunity and inclusion center resources












































