





plant facts homepage presented by plantsgalore.com 

 












































is devoted to spreading the word about the art and 
						science of landscape horticulture  
							primarily in the 
							temperate zones of the world. we 
						want to provide information that will help 
						you on your journey to a more beautiful and 
							healthy backyard.











the number one selling perennial 
							plant genus in recent 
							years and a personal favorite of mr pgc for many 
							years is the  hosta! we offer theas a source of 
							information on the selection, care and cultivation 
							of hostas. our site includes images and/or information 
								on over 8,000 hosta species and named cultivars. we include a database 
								which has the hostas divided 
							by categories such as type of variegation, size, 
							flower color, etc.













							we have now published several in what we 
							anticipate will be a long series of our "a rookie's 
							guide to..."
							
. 
							these publications are aimed at the beginning to 
							serious hobbyist gardener. 

							these publications are available on 
							amazon.com and 
							lulu.com in a variety of formats. current titles 
							include:














our 
							very 
							large collection of thousands of ornamentalis 
							now included in our site. galleries are organized by 
							plant genus and includes many, many species and 
							named cultivars. we are adding new images all the time. 
							take a look. if you need to use our images for 
							publications, name tags, literature or websites, 
							please let us know.












mr pgc has been 
							fortunate to be able to visit public and private gardens in 
							11 
							countries and 22 states over the past several decades.
							
							oursection
							currently contains pictures and commentary on 
							around 225 horticultural locales so far.











in 
							ourpages, 
							we have compiled information on thousands of 
							ornamental plant families, genera, species and 
							named cultivars. all of the references are cross-linked to 
							show the relationships between the plants listed 
							along with cultural information. 

							links to relevant 
							image galleries are also provided so you can see how 
							the plants might look in your garden.











ever wonder where plants get 
							their names? well some of them are named for the 
							people who "discovered" them. oursection 
							tells about historical and contemporary people of 
							note in the gardening and horticultural world.

							since hostas are one of our specialties, we have 
							added asection to tell you about the people who have been 
							the leaders in developing and popularizing this 
							genus of landscape plants.











oursection 
							deals with all the things you need to know in order 
							to plant, 
							prune, fertilize, support and otherwise take care of 
							your ornamental landscape plants. we also cover the 
							basics of insects, diseases and cultural problems 
							and approaches for managing them in the home 
							ornamental garden.











ourcontains 
							tons of useful links to public gardens, arboreta and 
							conservatories as well as to thousands of plant 
							societies and clubs. there is also information from 
							land grant and other universities as well as 
							non-profit, gardening related organizations.











water in the landscape adds a 
							new dimension to its beauty and tranquility. in ourunit, 
							we follow the process of developing your own pond. 
							it includes information on how to design, 
							construct and maintain a pond or pool including how 
							to deal with 
							water plants, fish and surrounding landscaping.











if it is part of the garden but 
							isn't currently alive, it is called 
							hardscape.pages 
							include information about paths, statuary, fountains, benches, structures and 
							much more. each piece of hardscape 
							becomes an important element of the design of your garden.









enter your keyword(s) below to search 
						the content of plantsgalore.com.




































			 












































copyright© 2000 -
        
      






























