


home | village of paw paw
















































home
about

our village
amenities & demographics
projects
bids
finances
employment


community

events
parks
maple lake & rivers
farmers’ market
resources
public meetings


departments

manager
clerk
fire department
police department
public services
community development and codes


government

council
agenda & minutes
code of ordinances
commissions & boards
foia


forms
contact


pay us a visitthe village of paw paw is conveniently located off interstate 94, near kalamazoo, michigan.a village todiscoverscenic and historicthe village of paw paw is surrounded by beautiful, lush greenery and home to historic destinations.friendly, familiar,nearbyvibrant and excitingthe village of paw paw is home to several annual events, including our wine & harvest festival.a village todiscovera growing communitythe village of paw paw is a great place to establish, build, and grow your business.friendly, familiar,nearby



pay utilities



destination paw paw / event calendar



public meetings



agendas & minutes



bidding info


welcome to the website of the village of paw pawfounded in 1859, the village of paw paw is a vibrant, growing community that is home to a number of exciting festivals, local businesses, and historic locations. with a population of over 3,500, our residents enjoy scenic, rural surroundings and a convenient location within driving distance of kalamazoo and lake michigan. encompassing a number of beautiful parks, lakes, and rivers, paw paw has earned a reputation for being a wonderful place to plan a day trip, spend an evening, or stay for a relaxing vacation. a full-service community, we’re also business-friendly and provide broadband fiber optic internet to all properties. whether you’re looking to enjoy a peaceful weekend, build and grow your business, or start a family, the village of paw paw welcomes you!



announcements


hiring-seasonal farmers market assistant manager
seasonal position
position title: assistant market manager/manager in training
the village of paw paw is seeking a part-time position for assistant market manager/manager in training. the farmers market assistant manager will be responsible for many tasks, including:

planning: planning events, including logistics, supplies, rentals, and entertainment
market setup:ensure the market is set up correctly each day, including the location of vendors, canopies, and signage.
market maintenance: maintain market equipment, including keeping an inventory and reporting on maintenance needs. ensure the market is clean.


safety: keep an eye out for safety hazards and have access to the first aid kit.
signage: ensure signage, literature, and merchandise are displayed properly.
volunteer management: schedule and supervise volunteers, and work with them to identify problems and provide feedback.
customer service: provide customer service and engage with the public.
evaluation: evaluate the market’s strengths and weaknesses, and track sales.


communication: communicate with vendors, shoppers, and support personnel.
representation: represent the market to both vendors and shoppers.
conflict resolution: resolve conflicts that may arise.
manage: step in and manage when the manager is absent.

compensation: $1,100 per season (22 markets)
market dates and times – applicant must be available the following sundays and times: 3rd sunday in may through 3rd sunday in october. 8am-3pm
please send applications to the market manager, nicolas martinez at pawpawskeptic@outlook.com.







public notices


1/6/2025 commercial avenue closure
on or about january 6, 2025, commercial avenue will be closed from south gremps st. to south kalamazoo st. for water main replacement. the work is expected to take approximately 1 month.





public meetingseveryone is welcome to attend the public meetings held by the village of paw paw. if you
are interested in learning more about community projects, initiatives, and proposals,
we encourage you to view our online calendar.
individuals with disabilities requiring auxiliary aids should contact the village clerk no later than five business days prior to the meeting to ensure the provision of reasonable accommodations.
view calendar


stay informed
the administration of the village of paw paw is committed to ensuring that our residents are kept current with the community’s projects, agendas, visions, and developments. from the recorded minutes of the most recent council meetings to information about upcoming community events, you’ll find everything that you need by following the links below.





government




village departments




community






projects





learn more about the projects, initiatives, and events organized by the village of paw paw.
the village of paw paw is continually searching for ways to improve our community. whether we’re organizing annual events to attract tourists, performing impact studies, or planning renovations to historic buildings, our goal is to create a beautiful, inviting, and relaxing community for residents, visitors, and businesses. since our founding in 1859, the village’s administration has embarked upon a number of projects for the betterment of the community. to learn more about our past, current, and future projects, please click the button below.
learn more






aboutour villageamenities & demographicsprojectsbidsfinancesemploymentcommunityeventsparksmaple lake & riversfarmers’ marketresourcespublic meetingsdepartmentsmanagerclerkfire departmentpolice departmentpublic servicescommunity development and codesgovernmentcouncilagenda & minutescode of ordinancescommissions & boardsfoiauseful links

forms
calendar
contact us

village of paw paw
111 e. michigan ave. | p.o. box 179
paw paw, mi 49079-0179
contact us
phone: (269) 657-3148
after hours non emergency phone:  (269)657-3148 and press 1 to leave a message
after hours emergency phone: (269)388-4900
all files on this site are in pdf form

free pdf reader
email us

©2025 village of paw paw all rights reserved.web design by blue fire mediasitemap | login





