


 the international house of zzyzx 





 graphic by leslie "lolly" 
harpold.   original photo by  
karen "violet" hocking
 in which the mysteries of 
the universe are explained  and much time can be wasted...
 (or something like that) 
open 24 
hours ihoz is a proud supporter of  
 ihoz is getting rave 
reviews...or something like that.
sign our 
guestbook 

our current special
 zzyzx's phish 
stats!!!  
stats, stats and more stats.  bet you can't eat just one.  now comes with 
side dishes of  
string cheese incident stats and day by 
the river stats  appetizers 
the ihoz raison 
d'etre
 the zzyzxfaq
 
explore the wonderful world of zzyzx.  fun for the whole family!
garnished with the zzyzx 
photo gallery. 
 a rant by 
katchoo as to why the cda is so 
bad.  while i don't personally agree with her views on porn, it's a powerful 
piece and should be read.
fun with phone 
numbers.  what does your phone number spell out?  what number 
would give you your dream word?


 the 
relativist lotto page
listen to zzyzx 
ramble.  why not?  it's free.  many of these essays have been 
here 
before; read them again.  now includes 
a link to zzyzx's live journal. see him spill his most trivial secrets.   
the random color 
generator  making a page but have no idea what colors to use?  
try the random color generator.  after an hour or so, you might find a 
combination that looks ok.    entrees  
  the zzyzx 
interstate highway list learn completely 
useless information about the interstate highway system.  find out which 
interstate ends at a park and ride.  discover how long i-90 is 
through south dakota.  you too can become a road geek!  
  play the ihoz 
jukebox.  with options 
ranging from phish to female singer songwriters, how can you go wrong?
who knows, one day we might even put sounds on this. includes the hit 
tela is not a spy essay! 
spandex's 
return  read about 
our savior- once a goldfish, now an aquatic angel, spandex died for your 
unhappiness! (the entire story is now online.)


 beverages
ihoz has very exacting standards when it comes to beverages. 
we have recently expanded our selections though to promote our sponsor.



  imbibe 

dr pepper

 desserts
in order to concentrate on the quality of our entrees, ihoz is forced to 
farm out our desserts.  this does not mean that we are not concerned 
about quality.  ihoz only uses products from the finest bakers



 the homepage of spamily 
  spamily
(a.k.a. hunger induce girl 
, a.k.a. 
knitrix , consort to 
photo take
boy ). has composed a product that you will keep going back 
for.  this strictly vegetarian offering is the perfect treat after a hard 
day.



the pete and pete homepage  while ihoz is not planet 
hollywood, we do serve an occasional television related dish.  pete and 
pete is the best show on television, and with mr tastee and orange 
lazarus, they have shown their commitment to high quality frozen treats.






 
zzyzx@ihoz.com 

