








home - jackie's antique showcase



































































skip to content


































search


























 
homeshop china by category all itemsnew itemssold itemsquestions & answersreviewsshippingcontact memembers area login register








 



























welcome to jackie's antique showcase












mainly specialising in beautiful flow blue and mulberry pottery but  also go back to childhood days and beyond with children's dishes which i will include from time to time plus a few interesting items that i come across and want to share.items are price without shipping costs because shipping prices can vary so much depending on weight or box size so it is easier if you message or email me, i can then give an exact cost for shipping and if it is acceptable, i will then send an invoice which can be paid via paypal.buy with confidence and be guaranteed that the item you are buying is exactly as you should expect. if there are any flaws in the item you are looking at it will be described and photographed so that there will only be pleasant surprises when you open your packages.
prices are in uk pounds sterling but you can make a conversion to usd.  for uk buyers cheques, bank transfer or paypal are accepted.
please feel free to email me with any questions that you might have on flow blue patterns or factories i will always try to help or point you in the right direction.
i can do layaway so please email me so we can work out the best options. i have a wish list for flow blue & mulberry patterns if you cannot find what you are looking for.
i hope you find the web site user friendly and come back time and time again.
take care, enjoy and i look forward to hearing from you.
jackie










 














keep updated






i add items frequently, be the first to know...








 
name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




keep updated!



thanks for subscribing! 
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.

















about me
i have been a member of the flow blue international collectors' club for over 20 years.
we have an annual convention each year and several regional conventions in the usa where like minded people enjoy each others company and attending great seminars, table sales and an auction.
i have worked on the clubs pattern data base and i am also on the education committee and the education fund raising committee
take a look at the club web site where you will find details of how to join @ http://www.flowblue.org 
if you have any questions feel free to email me.

















about me






i have been a member of the flow blue international collectors' club for over 20 years.
we have an annual convention each year and several regional conventions in the usa where like minded people enjoy each others company and attending great seminars, table sales and an auction.
i have worked on the clubs pattern data base and i am also on the education committee and the education fund raising committee
take a look at the club web site where you will find details of how to join @ http://www.flowblue.org 
if you have any questions feel free to email me.









get in touch!













jackie@flowblue.co.uk 










facebook




jackie's antique showcase 










additional resources






faq
privacy policy
terms and conditions

















© 2021-2025 jackie's antique showcase. all rights reserved.









 
we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










scroll to top 
















