
notice:  undefined index: url in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-content/plugins/wpforms-lite/src/forms/iconchoices.php on line 127

notice:  undefined index: path in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-content/plugins/wpforms-lite/src/forms/iconchoices.php on line 128







warning:  ftp_nlist() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 438

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_nlist() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 438

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 764

warning:  ftp_nlist() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 438

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_nlist() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 438

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 764

warning:  ftp_mkdir() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 580

warning:  ftp_nlist() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 438

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230

warning:  ftp_pwd() expects parameter 1 to be resource, null given in /home/timburtoncollectivec11827/public_html/prod/wp-admin/includes/class-wp-filesystem-ftpext.php on line 230


tim burton collective - movies blogs





































skip to content





 
tim burton collective
movies blogs





menu


my experience with online dating
contact
privacy policy
hookups near me
 
search for:






search










 
tim burton collective
movies blogs





menu


my experience with online dating
contact
privacy policy
hookups near me
 
search for:







search









 






casual dating

hookups near me: the ultimate guide

 fiermanpearman july 8, 2024 


need hookups near me? this guide has got you covered with the best apps, tips and safety advice to find local connections fast.
quick facts

online dating apps like tinder, bumble and adult friend finder are the easiest and most effective way to connect with local singles looking for casual hookups.
be successful on hookup apps by having a good profile, recent photos and initiate personal conversations.
prioritize safety in online dating by using verified profiles, meet in public and tell a friend.

your best option for local hookups
bars and nightclubs can be tough when you’re looking to meet women for a hookup. you never know if the people you meet are available or looking for a relationship and the risk of putting yourself out there is high.
online dating platforms have become a game changer for those who find it hard to meet new people in real life. the uncertainty and risk of traditional dating is reduced when using online dating platforms. you can connect with people in your local area or even internationally, the world is your oyster. these platforms have also opened our eyes to new possibilities, connections with people of different ages or cultures.
online dating sites have made it easy to find local hookups. these platforms including the local hookup site allow users to specify their preferences and connect with like minded people in your area. whether you’re looking for casual sex, one night stand or just some fun, there’s a local hookup app for you.
best sites for hookups near me
when it comes to finding easy and fun local hookups several top online dating sites are designed to meet this need. popular platforms like tinder, bumble and adult friend finder have changed the way we connect with local singles.
each of these sites have their own features and user experience. here are the specific features of each:

tinder: casual encounters and one night stands
bumble: empowers women by putting them in control of the conversation
adult friend finder: casual dating and no-strings-attached encounters

tinder
tinder is known for casual hookups and one night stands. the app’s user friendly interface and swipe right feature makes it easy to connect with potential matches fast. one of the best feature of tinder is the ability to link your instagram and spotify account to your profile. this not only gives potential matches a deeper insight into your interests but also makes your profile more engaging and personalized.
with its large user base and geolocation feature tinder makes it easy to find local hookups and is one of the top local hookup sites. whether you’re looking for a casual date tonight or a fun encounter, tinder has plenty of singles in your area.
bumble
bumble does online dating differently by empowering women to make the first move. after a match is made, women have 24 hours to send a message and the match will expire if there’s no reply within 24 hours. this feature ensures conversations are timely and both parties are interested in connecting.
with its female first approach bumble has become popular among those looking for both casual hookups and meaningful connections. the app’s focus on empowering women and creating a respectful environment makes it a great option for finding local hookups.
adult friend finder
adult friend finder is the go to platform for those looking for casual dating and no-strings-attached encounters. with over 80 million users the opportunities for finding local hookups are endless. the site connects like minded people looking for fun and discreet encounters.
with its large user base and focus on casual relationships adult friend finder is one of the top local hookup sites. whether you’re looking for one night stand or casual encounter adult friend finder has the tools and community to make it happen,.
how to use hookup apps
use hookup apps effectively by creating an engaging profile. start with a catchy bio that mentions your interests and what you’re looking for,. don’t use clichés and don’t be too boastful; be specific and honest about who you are and what you want,.
to get more engagement on your profile:

use recent and smiling profile pictures
don’t use a group photo as your first image to avoid confusion
show off your hobbies or skills like photography to make your profile more appealing
be positive and upbeat to make yourself more attractive to potential matches.

when messaging, personalized and interesting messages are way more effective than generic messages. find common ground to connect rather than relying on opposites attract. these will help you to local hookups.
safe hookups near me
safety should always be your top priority when looking for local hookups. many dating apps like tinder now have features to verify user profiles to prove authenticity. other platforms like tenderbang.com have authenticity checks and photo verification to ensure safer hookups.
always meet in public for your first date so both parties feel comfortable and safe. share your plans with a friend and send a screenshot of your date’s profile for extra security. before meeting in person consider scheduling a video chat to verify your match’s identity.
keep your personal info and use unique photos for your dating profiles to prevent reverse image search from finding your social media accounts. trust your instincts; if you feel uncomfortable at any time just leave. these safety tips will make your local hookups secure and fun.
hot local girls: where to find them
finding hot local girls for hookups is made easy with tenderbang.com. this site has a flood of local women looking for men so male users have the upper hand. the mobile support and user friendly interface makes hooking up easy and convenient.
male members on tenderbang.com have a success rate of over 90% so multiple hookups a week. whether you want to meet horny women in your area or just want to have some casual fun tenderbang.com is the top choice to find hot local girls.
benefits of a local hookup app
one of the many benefits of local hookup apps are their geolocation feature which suggests potential matches within a certain radius so dating is more convenient and accessible. they also provide personalized activity suggestions based on your location to make dating more fun.
social networking features allows users to express themselves and connect with others, creating a sense of community. hookup apps have simpler interfaces so navigation is quick and easy to browse profiles and find matches.
online dating sites are more interesting, have better member base and easy to use to find partners for hookups. you don’t have to reply to every message or meet offline before you’re ready, it’s a convenient way to find someone you like on an online dating site.
a hookup site can benefit users by having sex hookups and dating, a streamlined experience for casual encounters.
casual hookups: tips to succeed
success in casual hookups is all about honest communication. make sure both parties are aware of each other’s expectations and boundaries to avoid confusion. discussing exclusivity early on will help clarify the relationship. respecting sexual boundaries is key and have a conversation about it early.
some tips for dating:

don’t ghost; if you no longer want to continue the relationship communicate openly.
keeping your commitments and being honest if you need to reschedule or cancel plans shows respect and integrity.
take care of yourself and make sure you have alone time even when casually dating.

follow these tips and you’ll have successful casual hookups and enjoyable and respectful for both parties.
night hookups: make the most of your nights
night hookups can spice up your nights and there are apps designed for that. check out adultfriendfinder, ashley madison and bumble, all for discreet and casual encounters, perfect for those who want to hookup tonight. these apps allows you to express your preferences in your profile so it’s easier to find matches for night hookups.
nostringsattached is a judgment free zone for one night stands, featuring member uploaded videos and live streams to make the experience more enjoyable. the best late night hookup apps are designed for one night stands and casual sex encounters so you can find what you’re looking for,.
location based dating apps allows you to swipe right and find casual dates for late night hookups near you. for those who believe in astrology, the nuit dating app uses astrological compatibility to match users, for all types of relationships including casual hookups.
one night stand etiquette
one night stand etiquette is important for a respectful and enjoyable encounter. here are some tips to remember:

be honest about your intentions, whether you’re looking for casual hookups or more.
take care of your personal hygiene, body, hair, breath, teeth.
dress up to show you made an effort for the encounter.

follow these and you’ll attract the right matches and have a good time for both parties.
respect your date’s decisions and lifestyle even if you don’t agree. maintain eye contact and listen actively during conversations to show respect and interest. don’t use your phone during the encounter to fully be with your partner. give compliments and avoid inappropriate comments is part of good etiquette.
talking about money or bragging will kill the vibe and should be avoided. taking a risk by kissing at the end of the night can add to the romance but respect their response. follow these etiquette and you’ll have a good and memorable one night stand.
free hookup sites: worth it?
budget friendly sites like okcupid and plenty of fish are great starting points for online dating. these sites are convenient, you can browse matches anywhere with an internet connection. okcupid has high degree of profile customization and uses unique algorithm to match users, plenty of fish has filtering search criteria and ‘live!’ streaming,.
but free dating sites may have limited features compared to paid sites which can affect the user experience. while they are good for meeting dates and starting conversations, you might find that upgrading to paid membership on these or other sites will give you more features and better results.
local dating sites vs hookup apps
your choice between local dating sites and hookup apps depends on your relationship goals. hookup apps are for casual, short term connections, less focus on compatibility and more on immediate meetups. if you’re looking for quick interactions and casual encounters, hookup apps are the way to go.
local dating sites on the other hand are for finding more meaningful relationships. these sites require users to create detailed profiles and have more stringent matching algorithm which can help facilitate deeper connections. they also have communication features that allows you to get to know the other person better before meeting in person. for those looking for long term relationships, local dating sites are the preferred choice.
conclusion
in summary, whether you’re looking for casual hookups, one night stands or meaningful relationships, there are many online platforms to choose from. from tinder and bumble to adult friend finder, each app has its own features and user experience. follow the tips to create engaging profiles, be safe and practice good etiquette and you’ll have good and fun encounters. so go ahead and dive into online dating and local hookups and find what you’re looking for!
faqs
how to be safe when meeting someone from a hookup app?
use verified profiles, meet in public places, share your plans with a friend and trust your instincts if something feels off. your safety is first.
what are the best apps for local hookups?
best apps for local hookups are tinder, bumble and adult friend finder, each has its own features for casual encounters. try them out and see which one works for you!
how to create an engaging profile on a hookup app?
to create an engaging profile on a hookup app use recent and smiling photos, write a good bio and personalize your messages to matches. this will make you stand out and get more attention from others.
are free hookup sites worth it?
free hookup sites like okcupid and plenty of fish are good starting points but may have limited features compared to paid sites. consider your priorities and the features you need before you decide.
hookup apps vs local dating sites?
hookup apps for casual and short term connections local dating sites for long term and meaningful relationships. choose the one that suits your connection.



adult friend finderbumblehookup tonightjusthookuptinder 







uncategorized

a mature cam girl’s favorite tim burton movies

 fiermanpearman april 29, 2022 


tim burton is one of the most famous film directors in the world. he’s made such films as beetlejuice, edward scissorhands and nightmare before christmas. his movies have earned over $2 billion at the box office and he has received three oscars (best director for ed wood, best animated short film for frankenweenie, and best animated feature film for corpse bride).
everyone has their own favorites, but we interviewed one of most popular cam girls on maturesexdates.com to see what she thinks. she goes by the name of “maturecamgirl69” or mcg for short. if you’ve used mature sex dates and taken a look at the mature webcams section (https://maturesexdates.com/mature-webcam/), you’ve probably seen her on the popular cams list. we asked her about some of her favorite tim burton movies and here are the results:
what’s your favourite tim burton movie?
mcg: my favourite tim burton movie is edward scissorhands. i love how the story revolves around a man who was born without any human emotion, but then falls in love with someone that loves him unconditionally despite his appearance. the ending scene when they kiss and the wind blows up the long gown he is wearing really makes me emotional. it shows that you can find love even if others don’t think it’s possible.
what’s your least favourite tim burton movie?
mcg: my least favourite tim burton movie would be beetlejuice. i’ve never been able to get into the movie because it doesn’t seem like there’s much of a plot. it also seems kinda weird.do you have a favourite actor/actress who has starred in a tim burton film?
mcg: johnny depp is my favourite actor who has appeared in a tim burton movie. he plays such an interesting character in edward scissorhands who is a part of humanity but not of it. he looks completely different than everyone else, yet still manages to fit in somehow.
what do you think is the best thing about tim burton’s work?
mcg: my favourite thing about tim burton’s work is his unique style of directing. it feels like every single frame of every movie he’s ever directed has some kind of artistic flair. as soon as you start watching one of his movies, it’s easy to tell that it was shot by tim burton and not anyone else.what do you think is the worst thing about tim burton’s work?
mcg: the only negative thing i could possibly say about tim burton’s work is that i wish he had more than just four movies out right now. i’m sure there are many things he wants to make, but isn’t allowed to due to studio politics. hopefully, he continues making movies so i can enjoy them.is there anything else you’d like to add?
mcg: i would like to thank you for allowing me to express my opinion on tim burton’s work and i hope you continue reading our interviews.
we’d like to thank mcg for answering our questions. we appreciate her time and her words. if you enjoyed this article, please share it with friends and family. you can also follow us on twitter!
if you’re interested in learning more about mcg, check out her profile page. if you want to know more about maturesexdates.com, visit their website today. the site is growing rapidly thanks to all of the people who have signed up over the years. we look forward to seeing you online!











uncategorized

321 sex chat adds room for tim burton fans

 fiermanpearman april 13, 2022 


if you’re a tim burton fan looking for some fun adult chat with other fans, then 321 sex chat has you covered. they’ve added a new room to their site specifically dedicated to lovers of all things tim burton. the tim burton room is a place where fans can come and talk about everything they love about the director’s work, all while they role play sexy scenarios.
the tim burton sex chat room
the new chat room is filled with erotic tales inspired by his movies. it features many different scenarios, from conversations between edward and bella in twilight, to the sexual adventures of miss havisham from great expectations. there are even stories featuring alice and her strange adventures through wonderland. of course, there’s plenty of room for original tim burton creations as well.
all of the stories featured on the chat room were written by members of the community who are also fans of tim’s work. if you’d like to join in on the conversation, be sure to sign up for a free account. you’ll get access to all of their great rooms, including the tim burton one.
tim burton role playing
if you have any sexual fantasies about tim burton characters, here’s your chance to live them out. whether you want to fuck lady crane, or act as the mad hatter, there are plenty of options available. many of the stories feature kinky fetishes that aren’t usually seen in mainstream movies. in fact, this might be the only place you can find them!
getting started
if you’re curious about role playing, but you haven’t found a way to try it out yet, then you should check out the tim burton room. once you create an account, you’ll start getting invites from other members. you can accept them, or ignore them if they don’t suit you. either way, just having an account will give you access to the sex chat room.
once inside, you’ll see that there are quite a few people online. some of them may already be chatting away, while others are waiting to make friends. if you want to meet someone you’ll have to get involved yourself. start asking questions, or sending messages to people you like the look of. this is a good way to get to know each other before you take things further.
by the end of the night, you could be sharing your sexual fantasies with someone you’ve never met. what better way to explore your sexuality? it’s free to join and try out at 321sexchat.com, so you have nothing to loose.










 




blogs

tim burton’s abraham lincoln vampire hunter – another great movie with mixed reviews

 fiermanpearman december 16, 2021 


tim burton’s abraham lincoln vampire hunter is a 2012 american dark fantasy/action horror film which was loosely based on the 2010 mashup novel of the same name.
the movie tells us about abraham lincoln, our greatest president (and vampire hunter), who after his mother died by an undead assailant, decides to deal out some vigilante justice on some vampires. the film was generally panned by critics, but it did do fairly well at the box office.
what people think
i went to go watch this movie yesterday and i was surprised that not as many people liked it as much as i did. critics obviously didn’t like it very much with a current rating of 39% on rotten tomatoes . however, this rating is based on 23 reviews and an average rating of 4.8/10 stars, which isn’t great at all for a tim burton film.
the audience rating is currently 62% with an average rating of 3.2/5 stars, which i think is very generous seeing as most people who go to the cinema just see the movie to be entertained – they don’t critique it too hard.
my thoughts
as for me, i thought the movie was great and pretty much follows the book very well (i read it after watching the movie). the acting was good with benjamin walker playing our lead actor abraham lincoln. there is currently an oscar buzz surrounding him for this role, which might actually win him the award.
cinematography and production
the cinematography and production design was great, as per usual with tim burton movies. however, i felt that some of the cgi wasn’t too great, but it’s not a big deal in my opinion. the story is very well written and the action sequences are top-notch.
why it’s great
this is one of those movies that you can watch without worrying too much about the plot holes or whether people liked it more than you did. for example, few critics seemed to like this movie as much as i did, but they do all agree on two things: 1) this is a great tim burton film and 2) the cinematography is really good. so you can watch it just to see the darker side of tim burton’s mind, admire some great cinematography or just enjoy a fun action/horror film that’s more for entertainment than anything else. what more could you want? this movie is definitely worth your time and money!
conclusion
all in all, i would definitely recommend this movie if you’re a fan of tim burton or just want an enjoyable, action-packed movie to watch. it’s not the best movie i’ve ever seen, but it was great for what it was.
i think that abraham lincoln vampire hunter is a great movie and people who didn’t like it are just being too critical. if you go into it with an open mind, you’ll enjoy it.
do you think that tim burton’s abraham lincoln vampire hunter was a good movie? let us know in the comments below!










 




blogs

what makes tim burton’s nightmare before christmas so great

 fiermanpearman december 16, 2021 


there are a lot of things that make tim burton’s nightmare before christmas so great. for one, the film is incredibly unique. it’s one of the only stop-motion animated films out there, and it definitely has a style all its own. additionally, burton’s signature dark and quirky humor is on full display here, which makes for a fun and entertaining film.
film’s background
the nightmare before christmas was written and directed by tim burton in 1993. it tells the story of jack skellington, king of halloween town, who finds himself bored with the same old routine every year. when he accidentally stumbles upon christmas town, he becomes fascinated with the idea of christmas and decides to take over the holiday.
unique story
jack enlists the help of his friends to learn everything he can about christmas, and then he kidnaps santa claus and takes over the job himself. but jack’s ignorance soon gets him in trouble with the real meaning of christmas. meanwhile, an alliance between halloween town’s citizens and santa claus’ elves is formed to save christmas.
well-made and unique
the nightmare before christmas is not your typical holiday film. while it has all of the festive imagery of a classic christmas cartoon, it also brings in plenty of spooky halloween themes. not to mention some dark humor that adults will appreciate. it’s definitely one of the most unique holiday films around, and it’s well-made to boot.
perfect for the whole family
nightmare is a film that both kids and adults can enjoy. it’s dark, quirky, and atmospheric enough to keep adults entertained, while the story is straightforward and easy for kids to follow. it’s the perfect holiday film for the whole family.
won numerous awards
the nightmare before christmas won the annie award for “outstanding individual achievement for music in an animated feature production” and was also nominated for the golden globe award for “best motion picture – musical or comedy.”
involves both christmas and halloween
nightmare also does a great job of blending together both christmas and halloween. while other films have focused on one or the other, only nightmare combines the two holidays in such an effective way. the film works as a touching love story, but it’s also very funny and even scary at times. it’s definitely not your typical animated movie.
kid friendly but creepy
something that makes nightmare truly special is that it manages to be dark, creepy, and atmospheric without being scary. instead of scaring children, the movie instead opts for children-appropriate creepiness – there’s plenty of halloween imagery here to be enjoyed by kids without making them too scared. plus, adults can enjoy the film’s witty and clever writing.
amazing visuals
overall, nightmare is a stylish, well-made, and entertaining movie that is perfect for the whole family. burton’s unique vision and quirky humor make it a standout holiday classic. and with a newly restored hd transfer, it’s never looked better!
above all, nightmare is just a really well-made film. the stop-motion animation is stunning, and the music by danny elfman is fantastic. burton’s unique vision for the film comes through in every scene, and it’s clear that he put a lot of thought and care into creating it.
one of the best christmas movies
nightmare is easily one of the best christmas movies around. it’s a festive, quirky, and entertaining film that the whole family can enjoy. so if you’re looking for something different to watch this holiday season, be sure to check out tim burton’s nightmare before christmas. you won’t be disappointed!
final thoughts
if you’re looking for a fun-filled, family-friendly flick to get you into the halloween spirit, then nightmare before christmas is guaranteed to do the trick! nightmare is simply one of those films that has something for everyone.
whether you’re a fan of animation, christmas, halloween, or just good movies in general, you’ll find something to enjoy in nightmare before christmas. it’s no wonder the film has become such a classic over the years. thanks, tim burton!










 




blogs

tim burton’s remake of planet of the apes – is it really so bad?

 fiermanpearman december 16, 2021 


when tim burton’s remake of planet of the apes was released in 2001, it received negative reviews from critics. however, after watching it again, i believe that it is actually a good movie.
the plot of the movie is as follows: astronauts travelling to a distant planet find themselves in the future, when apes have taken over the world. the humans are captured and held prisoner by the apes, who use them for experimentation.
planet of the apes: the plot
the story begins with a nasa astronaut, leo davidson (mark wahlberg) who is sent through a time rift to an unknown planet. soon after his arrival, he finds that the world has been ruled by apes for the last 1000 years and humans are enslaved. he is captured by chimpanzee soldiers and taken to a city where he meets the soon-to-be ruler of the ape kingdom, general thade (tim roth). 
thade sentences him to death after a brief trial. he is taken back to the human city where he meets a female chimpanzee scientist named ari (helena bonham carter) who helps him escape from captivity and reunite with his crewmate. after the two escape, they discover a lake that is made up of a mutagenic substance which transforms humans into intelligent apes. the pair discovers this after witnessing an elderly human slave transform into an ape (off camera).
afterwards, leo and ari go their separate ways; leo to rescue his crewmate and take him back to the portal through which he arrived, and ari to overthrow thade and become the new queen of the apes. the movie concludes with leo successfully returning to earth, only to find that it has been destroyed in a nuclear war.
while the plot may seem clichéd or formulaic, it is actually very well executed. the acting is good, the visual effects are excellent, and the overall tone is dark and ominous. the only real flaw with the movie is its ending which feels rushed and incomplete.
similarity to orignal film
one of the main criticisms of the movie was that it was too similar to the original 1968 planet of the apes movie. however, i believe that this is actually one of its strengths. burton did a good job of staying true to the first movie, while still adding his own interesting takes on the characters.
character development
another criticism of the film is that it lacks character development, but i think this actually adds to its uniqueness and appeal. the movie goes along at such a fast pace that you don’t really get enough time to reflect on what is going on or analyse the characters’ motivations. this means that you are constantly kept guessing as to what is going to happen next.
conclusion
overall, i believe that tim burton’s remake of planet of the apes is a good movie. it is exciting, fast-paced and well-made. while it may not be perfect, it is definitely worth watching.
despite its negative reviews, i believe that tim burton’s remake of planet of the apes is a great movie. it has excellent visuals, good acting, and an interesting plot.
while the ending could have been better, it is still worth watching. so, if you haven’t seen it already, i recommend that you check it out. you may be surprised at how good it is. so, if you ever come across it on tv, definitely give it a shot. thanks for reading!










 




blogs

how charlie and the chocolate factory remake dazzled america

 fiermanpearman november 15, 2021 


the undeniable success of tim burton’s charlie and the chocolate factory has sparked interest in yet a new version of the film, titled willy wonka and serving as a prequel to the story, with the possible role for wonka including actors donald glover, ezra miller, and ryan gosling. but before the film begins production, we need to revisit the remake that inspired it. burton’s charlie and the chocolate factory served as a fresh take on a classic children’s book, bringing the story and its characters to life in an exciting, mysterious, and thrilling way. it grossed $475 million worldwide,
gave the children’s book a new spin
despite the positive reception of charlie and the chocolate factory, the original willy wonka, gene wilder, who starred in the classic version of the film willy wonka and the chocolate factory, called burton’s film an “insult” to the original. he claimed that they produced this film for money, but in reality, tim burton intended to give the movie a new take and provide a new adaptation of the book.
it gave us the oompa loompas
one of the most notable characteristics and beloved figures of the film are the orange oompa loompa’s in wonka’s factory. as you can probably tell, all those oompa loompas are actually played by one actor, deep roy. burton chose to utilize little digital effects or computer-generated imagery, so roy had to repeat the same movements for several different takes and was brought together on screen using split-screen photography, digital, and front projection effects. because of his effort and the work it took for roy to complete his role as the oompa loompas, his salary was increased to $1,000,000. 
those squirrels were actually trained for their role
remember the cute squirrels that viciously attacked veruca salt? they were real. as i mentioned previously, burton wanted to keep the digital effects and cgi limited, so he decided he wanted the 40 squirrels in the scene in the nut room to be real animals. to prepare for their role, the squirrels were trained every day for 10 weeks prior to filming as newborns, learning how to crack open walnuts while sitting on the little blue bar stools and placing its meat on a conveyer belt. 
gave us a backstory to the chocolatier
while the book and the original film lack a backstory to willy wonka, burton supplemented the need for information on the mysterious factory owner by giving us a look at wonka’s past and who he is through a series of flashbacks, making him easier to connect with as a character. he even referenced his own childhood by adding the part about wonka having to wear a huge dental brace. in burton’s version of the film, we learn that wonka’s father wilbur was a dentist who forbade him to eat chocolate, and when he finally tasted it, he left his life and his father behind to pursue his dreams. 
had incredible sets and visuals
probably what makes this film so popular and a staple to burton’s discography are the visuals in the film. beautiful set designs were made, and burton took the extra step to make everything appear real. he even used 192,000 gallons of fake chocolate for the river scene to make it appear more delicious, edible, and real as compared to the 1971 film.










 




blogs

brief history of tim burton

 fiermanpearman may 20, 2019 


tim burton has been working with the walt disney company since the late sixties, and he’s been doing an incredible job. cranking out hits like “corpse bride,” “9”, “james and the giant peach,” tim burton has been on a forty-year-long roll. now that we understand what he is today let’s explore where he came from and how he became the man we all know him as today.
growin’ up
timothy walter burton was born in burbank, california on august 25th, 1958 into a family of surprisingly normal people. other than his mother owning a cat-themed gift shop, his family was quite average. little timmy started making his own short films in his backyard by using toys to create stop-motion animation – the same method he has used in almost all of his major hits. he attended burbank highschool as a young man where he discovered that he’s not a particularly gifted student. he dabbled in a little water polo while he was there, but he really enjoyed painting and arts of any kind – including film. i think it’s incredible that tim knew he had a passion for such a young age. hell, when i was a kid, i’m pretty sure i wanted to be a homeless man, hopping from cart to cart without a penny of debt, but that’s not a future. i’m sure his mother noticed his special gifts for storytelling and animation at a young age – otherwise he would have never attended college. 
college
tim burton attended the california institute of the arts in valencia, california – where he spent a large amount of his time studying character animation. eventually, he created a short film of his own. created entirely in pencil, tim burton released “stalk of the celery monster” – a story of a mad doctor who conducts bloody experiments on unfortunate victims.  don’t worry; it’s not a gruesome as you might think. it has the same sort of ‘tim burton’ feel that we all know and love. it was cute! you should actually look up the film for yourselves – it’s a great watch! it’s insanely impressive that this short film is the piece that got tim noticed by disney. i mean, have you ever seen a student film before? they’re terrible. i’ve made about 5 of them and tossed each sd card in the river after each class. 
disney
after viewing “stalk of the celery monster,” disney stepped in and asked tim burton if he wanted to be an apprentice to a real disney animator. of course, tim couldn’t pass this offer up, so off he went. tim trained for a while before working as an animator, storyboard artist, graphic designer, art director, and concept artist. that’s impressive for a number of reasons, but i think the craziest title up there is “concept artist.” creating content for someone that knows what they want, but don’t know how to use words to describe it, is easily the most frustrating process imaginable. that’s why it’s so impressive to hear that he did work under all of those titles for movies like tron, the fox and the hound, and corpse bride. if you should take anything away from tims story, i think it should be this; never give up on what you want to do. getting paid to do a task is one thing, but creating something beautiful and getting lost in your work is something else entirely – so, take a real interest in the things you’re interested in – it just might pay off someday.











blogs

top 10 things you didn’t know about tim burton

 fiermanpearman may 16, 2019 


tim burton is responsible for some of the best movies ever made. his creative mind and genius brought to life some incredible stories that continue to resonate with people years after they were released. many people know the movies, but not many know who tim burton was.if you want to learn more about the director behind some of your favorite movies, here are some things about tim burton that might surprise you.
he was fired from disney
if you’ve ever seen a tim burton movie, then you know that his style is dark and gothic-like. it’s true in his animated and live action films, and if you were to see one of his movies being played, you’d know it was a tim burton movie based off his recognizable style. this style, however, didn’t match up with what disney was looking for. maybe you know or you don’t, but burton worked with disney shortly after graduating the california institue of the arts as an animator for films like the fox and the hound and the black cauldron. after seeing his talent and burton expressing his boredom with those type of films, disney gave him a chance at directing his own short film after his previous first one called vincent. the film would be known as frankenweenie, but disney refused to show it and eventually booted the director being “too dark.”of course, we all know now that burton would get his revenge and pull one over on disney by becoming the renowned director he is today, and getting the chance to have frankenweenie become a feature-length film, as well as working with disney on several other films that were his own vision.
he doesn’t know what that ending of planet of the apes was about either
arguably, the worst movie of tim burton’s career is the 2001 planet of the apes. burton admits in an interview with the new york times that he thinks of the film as a professional low for him. those not in the film industry might assume that a bigger budget and an open-ended script could make for a better movie, but they usually end up being worse off. in regards to its bizarre ending, tim burton remarked that he “had it all figured out,” and that it was private to him, but that he might share it over some lsd.
he helped obama throw a halloween party
controversy arose around the 2009 alice in wonderland-themed halloween party tim burton helped put on for the obamas at the white house, alongside johnny depp as the mad hatter and mia wasikowska as alice. the administration kept the party under wraps for as long as they could because of the recession and fearing it would be seen in poor taste to throw an extravagant party when many americans had lost jobs and were going through financial troubles. tim burton decorated the party for the obamas and even made an appearance in his own alice-themed costume.
burton transformed the room the party was held in into the mad hatter’s tea party from the film, with a long table decorated with antique linens and huge stuffed animals in the chairs. the party was a success, and the movie released a few after the party took place.
johnny depp is the godfather of his son
tim burton and his ex-partner helena bonham carter, whom he met on the set of planet of the apes, had two children; billy ray and nell. what most people don’t know about this simple fact is that depp was actually too shy to ask depp himself to be his son billy ray’s godfather, so helena bonham carter had to call the actor up herself and do the asking, to which he clearly accepted.
he didn’t actually direct nightmare before christmas
what most people would state is their favorite tim burton movie isn’t technically his movie. burton was busy with another project around the time that nightmare was being made, so he couldn’t fulfill director duties, and instead, henry selick, director of coraline, took over. tim burton is a credited producer, however.
he has a good luck charm
almost everyone has something they consider to be their good luck charm, and mr. burton himself also has one. you might’ve noticed from photos of him at various events, premieres, and other appearances, but tim burton always wears a pair of black-and-white pinstriped socks for good luck whenever he makes an appearance at something important.
he and his previous partner helena bonham crater did live together, despite rumors
burton and carter’s relationship was a media favorite, and they were always in the public eye with wacky stories about their relationship being made. one of the most notable ones was the rumor that they never lived together in the same home. in an interview some time after the couple split, carter took it upon herself to clear up those rumors and say that they did live together.
he may be on the autistic spectrum
helena also diagnosed and claimed that tim burton had asperger’s syndrome while she was researching it for a film she was working on. she realized that her partner shared many of the asperger’s symptoms and traits, and while the two were watching a documentary about asperger’s, burton said that was how he felt as a child.
he’s directed music videos for one band only
we all know tim burton is a film director, but he’s also directed a couple of videos for the songs for the songs “bones” and “here with me” by the killers.they would be the only two msuic videos he’s ever directed.
he hates how the media perceives him
tim burton has built up a reputation of being hollywood’s weird and dark director, but he actually feels upset that so many people view him to be this gothic, dark weirdo. he’s said to have mentioned in an interview that he could put on a clown outfit and laugh with people, and they’d still call him these things.










 




blogs

johnny depp timeline – from blow to breakup

 fiermanpearman may 15, 2019 


when it comes to johnny depp, he always seems to be in the news. the guy is constantly threatening paparazzi, dating a high profile woman, sexting girls outside of his marriage, or doing something else particularly newsworthy.from his iconic start in a wes craven flick to starring in a harry potter film, here are some important events along this quirky actor’s timeline. 
1984 – ballpoint pens, nick cage, and nightmare on elm street
before depp became the household name that he’s become today, he was selling ballpoint pens while trying to make it in a boy band. while baby-faced depp could have fit well in a one-direction-style band, i think we’re all thankful he met nick cage who hooked him up with an agent who got him his iconic role in nightmare on elm street. 
1990 – winona forever
the early nineties were a great time for depp-heads as he filmed some of his most iconic movies and – who could forget – dated winona ryder. this year he filmed the famous john waters’ film “cry baby” and starred in “edward scissorhands” alongside his boo.the relationship didn’t last, but they’ll always be an iconic ’90s couple. 
1993 – the viper room
instead of just focusing on the movie biz, depp decided that owning a club would be a great idea. this further allowed him to be surrounded by paps and celebs alike.
however, scandal struck when river pheonix overdosed outside the viper room while his brother watched him die as he called 911. 
1994 – armadillo?
depp has been known to be a difficult artist type. however, no one expected edward scissorhands to go crazy on a hotel room (at least intentionally).
after destroying a hotel room he claimed that an armadillo was at fault and not him… however, that armadillo was never found. 
1999 – plank!
this is a man who values his privacy, however being one of the hottest stars of the past decade the paps didn’t see a reason to leave him alone… untill he thereatened them with a plank of wood. 
2007 – great ormond street hospital
depp’s daughter lily-rose ended up in the hospital after being infected with e. coli. the infection could have killed her if not for the staff at the great ormond street hospital. however, the staff saved her life.
to thank the hospital, depp donated two million dollars and showed up as the infamous captain jack sparrow to entertain the patients in the hospital. 
2013 – the trouble with amber heard
after his split with the mother of his children – which was very amicable and they remain friendly – depp started dating amber heard whom he then married. 
2016 – divorce and restraining orders
their relationship was tumultulous and ended in a divorce and some serious accusations. heard claimed that depp beat her and was a violent spouse! 
now – more lawsuits and defamation
now that the divorce is finalized, depp, as well as his representation, are coming out and accusing heard of being the violent one in the relationship. they’re also taking legal action against a publication for calling depp a “wife-beater.” 
while nothing has been finalized in court, depp and his representation have put forth some pretty convincing information. we’ll have to wait and see how this unfolds! 








posts navigation
1
2
3
next
 










proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
theme: businessdeal  |   by theme freesia.				













