
























rifle, co - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    city government      city services      how do i...      our community  


 

 

 

 





 










   





 
 












search







 
 
 

 












 














get community news








parks & rec










 
 














city public relations








online bill pay










 
 














employment








español










 
 
 

























 



  
 














latest newsstay up to date
 






  
 














get email & textnews notifications










 
 



  
 
 















coffee & community conversations with your city manage and your city civil engineer 


this meeting is an opportunity to have an open conversation with city staff and other locals. this is a casual, informal event that anyone is welcome to attend and drop in or out of at any time.						read on...







city streets projects open house! 


join us to learn about 2025 street projects within the city of rifle. this event is open to the public, with limited spots available. food will be served at 6:00pm, followed by a presentation. please rsvp by email.						read on...







city of rifle water line inventory 


a new federal program to guarantee water safety across the united states requires all water service providers to certify lead-free service lines. service lines are the pipes that connect your home or business to the city water mains...						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














city video spotlightvideos boadcasted by rifle community tv
 






  
 













rifle community tv (rctv) collaborates with other rifle organizations & individuals in the production & distribution of hyper-local & non-commercial media content in three programming categories.  click here to learn more about rctvprogramming categories:governmental decision-making:  media that provides government transparency, accessibility, & promotes civic contribution.community ownership:  media that showcases the community while promoting a sense of community connection, inspiration, & most of all ownership.community information/affairs:  media that assists in the circulation of essential public information regarding affairs & issues of local interest.city of rifle video playlist      more @ www.rifletv.plus
 






  
 



  
 








 
 
 







 







contact us







202 railroad ave.rifle, co 81650phone: (970) 665-6400staff directorymonday through friday8:00am to 5:00pm
 






  
 



  
 







popular & useful pages







city council



recreation programs



staff phone directory



public input - how is the city doing?



rifle charter & municipal code



report a concern



additional resources









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility resources / accommodations



website accessibility



copyright notices



featured links









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 















 






  
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









