






table saver | your  best source for table pads & accessories















































info@tablesaver.com



facebook


 





facebook



 












home
information | pricing
calculator

ordering
colors
blog
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










table pads to save your table top

welcome to table saver, your online source for table pads and other accessories. here at our website, you will find everything you need to help protect your table from spills, moisture, dents, and heat with a great looking custom table pad or cover.
our table pads are customized to exactly fit your table, have a heavy-duty, washable leatherette wood grain or leather-tone surface, a soft velvet bottom and fold for easy handling and storage. they consist of a solid, lightweight fiberboard core that is completely unaffected by humidity and will not warp when standing upright, thereby saving storage space. they are a full 1/2″ thick and will protect your table from hot cookware up to 550 degrees!
 







magnaloc locking system

all pads are available with the magnaloc locking system. these top of the line table pad locks are 100% user friendly and are totally hidden and secured beneath a protective cloth surface, which makes it impossible for the locks to ever come in contact with and damage your expensive table.
we will provide standard or custom made pads for any type of table. you tell us the dimensions, we’ll provide you with the protection your table deserves. we can even provide a table pad for your pool or billiards table!







get started by visiting our information and pricing pageoryou can jump right to our table pad ordering page.

watch this short video to learn more about table pads and why you should use one to protect your table.





our other useful websites

besides our online table pads store, we have two other furniture related sites.  furnitureknowledge.com  sells supplies and parts for restoring antiques, and for furniture.  if you would like a tablecloth for your table, visit tableclothdesigns.com.
please visit our sites for a huge inventory of furniture restoration parts and supplies, and custom made tablecloths.
thank you!







quick links

use the buttons below to estimate your cost, email your request for color samples, request a pattern kit to trace your table, or place an order.





estimator



color samples



pattern kits



order now



 








table saver 4815 lynn court
shawnee, ks 66216
 (800) 350-9419 toll free

(866) 697-2577 toll free
info@tablesaver.com
email is always the quickest way to reach us.
hours
mon – fri: 10:00am – 4:00pm
(central time)

our locationvisa, mastercard, american express & discover accepted  


check out our other store 


 



privacy policy
terms and conditions
 






facebook


© 2025 tablesaver.com 
























