












for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
here are the 
instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser.

tera










 

































           dose-response assessment
           boot camp
         
           may 5-9, 2025 
           cincinnati, ohio
           
           more information click here
           brochure click here
           registration click here



 
tera nominated for peterson prize!
we're thrilled to announce that toxicology excellence for risk assessment (tera) has been nominated for the 6th annual gregor g. peterson prize in venture philanthropy! this prestigious award recognizes innovative nonprofits tackling america's toughest challenges. we're honored to be among such impressive organizations. thank you to the peterson family for their support and belief in our mission! #teranominated #petersonprize 
 
 
 
tera and ara make the news!

           tera is proud to share that the publication, range of the  perfluorooctanoate (pfoa) safe dose for human health: an international  collaboration, has been selected as the best paper of the year by the society  of toxicology’s regulatory and safety evaluation specialty section  (rsess).  the award will be presented at  the upcoming sot meeting on tuesday, march 12th in the regency  ballroom b of the hyatt in salt lake city.
 
also
 
tera and dr. michael dourson have been mentioned by the  following industry news organizations for our collaborative work on pfoa &  pfas, and the best paper of the year by the society of toxicology’s regulatory  and safety evaluation specialty section (rsess award).

 


 
           the collation of researchers and scientists  that dr. dourson and his advisory groups brought together on this issue is an  example of tera’s commitment to nonbiased science. if you would like to speak  to one of our scientists on this or other risk assessment issues. contact us at  513.542.7475 
           or email dr. dourson  at dourson@tera.org


 

 
 
 

tera blog
 see the link on the sidebar



click here for tera's latest news
 
 

what's happening 
bootcamp spring 2025, dates coming soon, cincinnati ohio. more info: click here 
ara workshop xv at the offices of texas commission on environmental quality (tceq) in austin, texas. dates to be announced.. click here for more information.
 



global risk outreach


iter
international toxicity estimates for risk

iter is  a  internet database of chronic human health risk values and cancer  classifications for over 700 chemicals of environmental concern from multiple  organizations worldwide...learn more

 







peer review & consultation


 


        engaging outside experts to review research and risk assessments/methods can help insure high quality and scientifically-defensible work products and results.  government agencies, ngos and industry recognize the value added by expert peer review and tera is a world leader in providing independent expert review for all types of toxicology research, risk assessment documents and activities.      


 
learn more 
 






dose response boot camp


  
this week-long,   intensive,  hands-on training in hazard characterization and   dose-response assessment for human health risk assessments is based on our popular   chemical risk assessment training sessions developed and presented to various   audiences over the past decade.  it is designed to provide systematic training in   current assessment practices as well as in the latest research and methods in human health   chemical risk assessments  ...learn more
 



assessment & risk technology

,
tera scientists  combine a practitioner's knowledge of the research, issues, and pitfalls involved in the  development of human health risk assessments with cutting-edge  toxicology, research, and expertise to develop state-of-the-science assessments.  our  research, aimed at improving risk assessment methods  in the areas  of dose-response and mode of action, further enhances our analyses.  in  solving risk problems for a diverse array of government and private sponsors,  we apply a collaborative philosophy that emphasizes partnership building,  allowing us to expand our pool of expertise....learn more
 
 




alliance for risk assessment (ara)
 
tera is a founding member of the alliance for risk assessment, a collaborative

          effort of organizations dedicated 

          to supporting public health protection

          by improving the process, research,

          and efficiency of risk assessment.

          given a limited supply

          of time, resources, and

          know-how research, public health protection

          is an effort that requires cooperation,

          organization, and prioritization.

          the alliance

          help focus these applied research resources to

          increase the output of risk values... learn more

 
 



statehelp
state hazard evaluation & lending program



the statehelp (hazard evaluation lending program) allows states to   		receive up to 10 hours annually of technical support and toxicology research from experienced   		risk assessment scientists free of charge... learn more
 
 
 
 
 



annual reports & funding 
1996- present    

tera holds our scientific neutrality in highest regard. as a non-profit 501(c)3, tera provides our toxicology research and risk assessment activities, and annual funding sources to the public.    

- annual reports
        - funding sources

 
 
 

 
 



the independent charities seal of excellence is awarded to  the members of independent charities of america and local independent charities  of america that have, upon rigorous independent review, been able to certify,  document, and demonstrate on an annual basis that they meet the highest  standards of public accountability, program effectiveness, and cost  effectiveness.  these standards include  those required by the us government for inclusion in the combined federal  campaign, probably the most exclusive fund drive in the world.  of the 1,000,000 charities operating in the  united states today, it is estimated that fewer than 50,000, or 5 percent, meet  or exceed these standards, and, of those, fewer than 2,000 have been awarded  this seal. 
 

dose - response assessment boot camp is a registered  trademark of toxicology excellence for risk assessment (tera).
 
iter, iter-international toxicity estimates for risk, and international toxicity estimates for risk are registered  trademarks of toxicology excellence for risk assessment (tera).
 








 

 
 









			  copyright © 1995 - 2020 toxicology excellence for risk assessment

			  1250 ohio pike, suite 197, 
			  cincinnati, oh 45102

 phone: 513.542.7475  fax: 488.1990 
 email: tera@tera.org







