



theater - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site indextheater today’s papersupported byskip advertisementartstheaterreviewscritics’ pickshighlightsspring previewhear how a ‘smash’ song got a broadway makeover“let me be your star,” which evokes an actor’s longing to shine, has come a long way from its tv days. here’s how the song evolved on its way to the stage. by alexis soloskicreditjutharat pinyodoonyachet for the new york timesspring previewlea salonga is never getting tired of sondheimthe tony-winning actress co-stars with bernadette peters in “stephen sondheim’s old friends,” a show that is letting her surprise audiences with her comedy chops. by robert itocreditchantal anderson for the new york timesan abortion scene gets theater audiences talking, and fainting“the years,” running in london, dramatizes a woman’s life from teenage thrills to later-life sex. one intense scene is causing audience members to pass out. by alex marshallcredithelen murrayspring previewhere’s what to see this spring in new yorkonstage, denzel washington is othello, and paul mescal is stanley kowalski as stars illuminate the theater marquees. plus: fka twigs takes “eusexua” on tour. bang on a can, twyla tharp, and much more. creditmarc brennerreview: idina menzel climbs to new broadway heights in ‘redwood’the “wicked” belter scales a 300-foot tree, and a mountain of songs, in a powerful if woo-woo musical about trauma and resilience. by jesse greencreditsara krulwich/the new york timescritic’s picktheater to watch at home: ‘uncle vanya’ and an alice childress revivala bare-bones chekhov, a critically acclaimed revival of “the wedding band” and the cult tv series “smash” are all available for streaming. by rachel shermancreditvia stratford festival with ‘mindplay,’ vinny deponto wants to bring more awe into your lifein this mentalist show, the magician asks his audience: “what is meaningful to you?” by erik piepenburgcredithiroko masuike/the new york timesken wydro, who helped create an off broadway phenomenon, dies at 81he and his wife, vy higginsen, poured all they had into “mama, i want to sing,” a long-shot musical that became an enduring staple of black theater. by alex williamscreditjeff goode/toronto star, via getty images‘henry iv’ review: two plays become onethe relationship between prince hal and john falstaff, a favorite of shakespeare scholars, is the focus of this condensed adaptation. by maya phillipscreditsara krulwich/the new york timesadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text inputhundreds of artists call on n.e.a. to roll back trump’s restrictionsa letter signed by 463 playwrights, poets, dancers, visual artists and others pushes back against new grant requirements that bar the promotion of diversity or “gender ideology.”by michael paulson spring previewbarrie kosky is the director new york has been waiting forone of the busiest stage directors in europe is fully arriving, at last, with “the threepenny opera” this spring.by joshua barone tramell tillman of ‘severance’ gives himself a performance reviewhis character, the smiling menace mr. milchick, has more responsibility in season 2. he also has more of the spotlight.by sarah bahr david edward byrd, whose posters captured rock’s energy, dies at 83his designs for jimi hendrix, the who and others embodied the spirit of the psychedelic era. he also created images for stage shows like “godspell.”by alex williams the n.e.a.’s new gender and diversity edicts worry arts groupsas the national endowment for the arts adjusts to comply with president trump’s executive orders, “gender ideology” is out and works that “honor the nation’s rich artistic heritage” are in.by michael paulson ‘night sings its songs’ review: scenes from a miserable marriagea play by the nobel winner jon fosse gets a rare staging, but new yorkers will have to wait a little longer to see a production that captures the norwegian writer’s haunting universe.by elisabeth vincentelli rewind‘dutchman’: an electrifying dance of deatha newly restored film adaptation of amiri baraka’s provocative 1964 play evoking racial and sexual anxiety is showing at the museum of modern art.by j. hoberman ‘doomers’ review: hunkered down, debating the peril and promise of a.i.matthew gasda directs his new play, which was inspired by sam altman’s 2023 ouster from openai.by laura collins-hughes the next hot playwright? they prefer the ones who cooled off.with their tent theater company, tim sanford and aimée hayes want to raise the profiles of older artists and keep them from being sidelined.by laura collins-hughes as off broadway crews unionize, workers see hope, producers perilworkers say the move is overdue, but theater companies fear it will drive up costs in a wounded sector that has yet to recover from the pandemic.by michael paulson page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementsign up for the theater update newsletterstay on top of the top-grossing broadway shows, recent reviews, critics’ picks and more.sign upsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences













