








	data recovery software, solutions, tutorials - zar data recovery











zar



home
download
buy now
support
about






tutorials

unformat
raid recovery
raid0 recovery
raid5 recovery
nas recovery
partition recovery
image recovery

manual
extras

articles
news
links

archive




                                specialized
                                video recovery software
klennet carver






home


                        
data recovery for fat, ntfs, ext, and xfs - zero assumption recovery

                    


                            zar has been discontinued
                        

                            after about twenty years, i felt zar can no longer be updated to match the modern requirements, and i decided to retire it.
                            zar is replaced by klennet recovery, my new general-purpose diy data recovery software.
                            if you are looking specifically for recovery of image files (like jpeg, cr2, and nef), 
                            take a look at klennet carver, a separate video and photo recovery software.
                        


general data recovery with zar software


windows fat, ntfs, linux ext2/3/4, and xfs volumes
formatted drive or "raw filesystem"
external drives, usb thumb drives, and memory cards



digital image recovery


digital photo recovery 			
			with a 
			free version of zar data recovery
known camera compatibility list



complex cases with zar data recovery



raid data recovery
nas data recovery

mbr damage data recovery
partition table recovery with multiple 
			logical drives



download



download zar x now



my other software


klennet carver to
    recover fragmented video and image files deleted from memory cards, 
    or after a memory card is formatted.
    this is something zar and other traditional data recovery software can't do. 



sometimes disaster strikes. 
data can be lost due to many different reasons. 
accidental reformatting, power spikes, virus attacks and hardware malfunction are 
some of the scenarios where you will find yourself looking for a data recovery solution.

zero assumption recovery provides a suite of highly effective and thorough data 
recovery software for microsoft® windows™ operating systems. we pride ourselves 
on having created tools that stand out from the crowd - our do it yourself data 
recovery software is far more persistent than many of the other solutions 
on the market. even when you think your hard drive is beyond salvation, zar data recovery carries 
on crawling - and ultimately achieves the result.
zar data recovery is suitable for home users and small businesses who need a powerful data 
recovery solution for windows fat, ntfs, linux ext/2/3/4, and xfs file systems. the default settings 
are reliable and thorough, but more technical users can benefit from a wealth of 
optional configurations.
additionally, a free digital camera image recovery function is 
available.

what our customers say

just before i was about to throw the hard disk to the garbage, i 
		downloaded and tried out zero assumption recovery. to my amazement, it 
		was able to access my inaccessible hard drive.
aaron weiner
many thanks for the use of your tool zero assumption image recovery, 
				i had lost all the photos of my new born baby girl and have been 
				trying to get them back for the past 2 days. with your program it 
				was quick, easy and very effective.
				
ben frater






                    copyright © 2001 - 2025 alexey v. gubin.
                





