



wikipedia, the free encyclopedia






































jump to content







main menu





main menu
move to sidebar
hide



		navigation
	


main pagecontentscurrent eventsrandom articleabout wikipediacontact us





		contribute
	


helplearn to editcommunity portalrecent changesupload filespecial pages



















search











search






















appearance
















donate

create account

log in








personal tools





donate create account log in





		pages for logged out editors learn more



contributionstalk



























main page










main pagetalk





english

















readview sourceview history







tools





tools
move to sidebar
hide



		actions
	


readview sourceview history





		general
	


what links hererelated changesupload filepermanent linkpage informationcite this pageget shortened urldownload qr code





		print/export
	


download as pdfprintable version





		in other projects
	


wikimedia commonswikimedia foundationmediawikimeta-wikiwikimedia outreachmultilingual wikisourcewikispecieswikibookswikidatawikifunctionswikimaniawikinewswikiquotewikisourcewikiversitywikivoyagewiktionarywikidata item





















appearance
move to sidebar
hide








from wikipedia, the free encyclopedia





welcome to wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
126,947 active editors6,954,870 articles in english




from today's featured article




tropical storm gabrielle was a short-lived tropical cyclone that passed over north carolina before tracking out to sea. the seventh named storm of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season, gabrielle developed as a subtropical cyclone on september 8 about 385 miles (620 km) southeast of cape lookout, north carolina. unfavorable wind shear impacted the storm for much of its duration, although a temporary decrease in the shear allowed the cyclone to become a tropical storm. on september 9, it made landfall at cape lookout national seashore in north carolina with winds of 60 mph (97 km/h). turning to the northeast, the storm quickly weakened and dissipated on september 11. the storm dropped heavy rainfall near its immediate landfall location but little precipitation elsewhere. along the coast of north carolina, slight localized flooding was reported. along the coast of florida, rough surf drowned one person. overall damage was minor. (full article...)


recently featured: 
boot monument
"my little love"
gao qifeng


archive
by email
more featured articles
about

did you know ...



joseph kosinski

... that the u.s. military supported top gun: maverick (director joseph kosinski pictured), using it to aid recruitment and retention?
... that the artist fang rending was likened to a caged chicken after rebelling against his teacher?
... that "hard out here" was written in parallel to raye's departure from polydor records and confronts "white men ceos"?
... that a florida tv station received and aired tapes of programs it was not supposed to broadcast?
... that the london milkman was staged?
... that jill yager discovered a venomous crustacean species in 1979 and named its class?
... that a japanese male singer often sang from a female perspective?
... that until 1827 university of oxford graduates had to swear never to reconcile with henry symeonis, although it appears that by the 1650s everyone had forgotten why, or who he was?

archive
start a new article
nominate an article




in the news


european electric grids

the baltic states complete synchronization of their power grids with continental europe's (map pictured), disconnecting from russia's.
the ruling vetëvendosje party, led by albin kurti, wins the most seats in the assembly of kosovo.
the patriotic union, led by brigitte haas, wins the most seats in the landtag of liechtenstein.
in american football, the philadelphia eagles defeat the kansas city chiefs to win the super bowl.
former president of namibia sam nujoma dies at the age of 95.

ongoing: 
m23 campaign
russian invasion of ukraine
timeline
sudanese civil war
timeline
recent deaths: 
edith mathis
gyalo thondup
louis-gaston mayila
beverly byron
dick jauron
hans-peter lehmann

nominate an article

on this day

february 16: day of the shining star in north korea; elizabeth peratrovich day in alaska



act of independence of lithuania

1249 – king louis ix dispatched andré de longjumeau as the french ambassador to the mongol empire.
1918 – the council of lithuania signed the act of independence (pictured), proclaiming the restoration of an independent lithuania.
1922 – a landslide in byblos revealed a sarcophagus in an underground tomb that was later discovered to be part of a large bronze age necropolis.
1996 – eleven people died in a train collision in silver spring, maryland, leading to the creation of comprehensive u.s. federal rules for the design of passenger cars.
richard of dover  (d. 1184)coluccio salutati  (b. 1331)michael holding  (b. 1954)elizabeth olsen  (b. 1989)

more anniversaries: 
february 15
february 16
february 17


archive
by email
list of days of the year
about




today's featured picture






the lesser violetear (colibri cyanotus) is a medium-sized, metallic-green species of hummingbird commonly found from costa rica south to the andes and argentina and east to venezuela. it commonly inhabits the canopy and borders of subtropical and lower temperate forest, secondary woodland and scrub, and clearings and gardens. it is recorded mostly between altitudes of 1,500 and 3,000 metres (4,900 and 9,800 ft), although it is sometimes found down to 900 metres (3,000 ft). the lesser violetear is a medium-sized hummingbird with an average length around 9.7 to 12 centimetres (3.8 to 4.7 in) and a body mass of 4.8 to 5.6 grams (0.17 to 0.20 oz). its bill is black and mostly straight with only a slight downward curve. this lesser violetear of the subspecies c. c. cabanidis was photographed in the mount totumas cloud forest in chiriquí province, panama.

photograph credit: charles j. sharp

recently featured: 
ernest shackleton
pomegranate
jadeite cabbage


archive
more featured pictures




other areas of wikipedia

community portal – the central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements.
village pump – forum for discussions about wikipedia itself, including policies and technical issues.
site news – sources of news about wikipedia and the broader wikimedia movement.
teahouse – ask basic questions about using or editing wikipedia.
help desk – ask questions about using or editing wikipedia.
reference desk – ask research questions about encyclopedic topics.
content portals – a unique way to navigate the encyclopedia.

wikipedia's sister projects

wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the wikimedia foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects:





commonsfree media repository



mediawikiwiki software development



meta-wikiwikimedia project coordination



wikibooksfree textbooks and manuals



wikidatafree knowledge base



wikinewsfree-content news



wikiquotecollection of quotations



wikisourcefree-content library



wikispeciesdirectory of species



wikiversityfree learning tools



wikivoyagefree travel guide



wiktionarydictionary and thesaurus



wikipedia languages


this wikipedia is written in english. many other wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.





1,000,000+ articles



العربية
deutsch
español
فارسی‎
français
italiano
nederlands
日本語
polski
português
русский
svenska
українська
tiếng việt
中文





250,000+ articles



bahasa indonesia
bahasa melayu
閩南語
български
català
čeština
dansk
esperanto
euskara
עברית
հայերեն
한국어
magyar
norsk bokmål
română
simple english
slovenčina
srpski
srpskohrvatski
suomi
türkçe
oʻzbekcha





50,000+ articles



asturianu
azərbaycanca
বাংলা
bosanski
کوردی
eesti
ελληνικά
frysk
gaeilge
galego
hrvatski
ქართული
kurdî
latviešu
lietuvių
മലയാളം
македонски
မြန်မာဘာသာ
norsk nynorsk
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
shqip
slovenščina
ไทย
తెలుగు
اردو









retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=1267837350"




49 languages




العربيةazərbaycancaবাংলাбългарскиbosanskicatalàčeštinadanskdeutscheestiελληνικάespañolesperantoeuskaraفارسیfrançaisgalego한국어hrvatskibahasa indonesiaitalianoעבריתქართულიlatviešulietuviųmagyarмакедонскиbahasa melayunederlands日本語norsk bokmålnorsk nynorskpolskiportuguêsromânăрусскийsimple englishslovenčinaslovenščinaکوردیсрпски / srpskisrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиsuomisvenskaไทยtürkçeукраїнськаtiếng việt中文










 this page was last edited on 6 january 2025, at 22:59 (utc).
text is available under the creative commons attribution-sharealike 4.0 license;
additional terms may apply. by using this site, you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation, inc., a non-profit organization.


privacy policy
about wikipedia
disclaimers
contact wikipedia
code of conduct
developers
statistics
cookie statement
mobile view














search













search





main page




























49 languages


add topic














