






home - speaker of the house mike johnson

























































meet mike johnson
7 principles of conservatism
priorities

energy dominance
fiscal responsibility
national security
protecting our cities
securing our border
strong families


press releases



















followfollowfollowfollow



 
















leadership for a strong america
meet mike johnson

followfollowfollowfollow








"

the 7 core principles of conservatism













the 7 core principlesof conservatism


1. individual freedom
the birth of our great nation was inspired by the bold declaration that our individual, god-given liberties should be preserved against government intrusion. that same conviction informs our conservative policy decisions still today. in america, we proclaim the self-evident truths that all of us are created equal and granted by god the same inherent freedoms, such as the natural and unalienable rights to life, liberty, conscience, free speech and the free exercise of religion, and the ability to pursue happiness, own property, build wealth and defend ourselves and our families. the purpose of government is to secure these rights, and the ideas we advance should always aim to maintain and increase the liberty of the american people.

2. limited government
for individual liberty to be championed, government must be reduced. we believe, as our founders did, that legitimate government operates only by the consent of the governed, and is more efficient and less corrupt when it is limited in its size and scope. when applied as written, our incomparable constitution provides important safeguards against government encroachment, a vital separation of powers, and a necessary system of checks and balances. federalism, decentralized authority, and the elimination of unnecessary regulations and bureaucracy help ensure that government serves the people, and not the other way around. the best protection against government largesse is an engaged and informed electorate.

3. the rule of law
our is “a government of laws and not of men,” and the rule of law is our foundation. to maintain ordered liberty and a civilized society, public and private virtue should be encouraged and justice must be administered equally and impartially to all. each branch of government must adhere to the constitution, and the judicial branch must not be allowed to assume or exercise legislative or executive powers. transparency and accountability are keys to good government, and congress must faithfully perform its constitutional responsibility of oversight.

4. peace through strength
the first obligation of the federal government is to provide for the “common defense” of the united states by securing our borders and protecting our homeland and our strategic interests abroad. we are not “the world’s police force,” but because america serves in a natural role of moral leadership in an increasingly dangerous world, and weakness invites aggression, we must remain the strongest military power on earth—fully prepared and capable of defeating any adversaries, tyrants or terrorists, under any circumstances, at any time. this requires maintaining sufficient investments in our air, land, sea, nuclear, and cyber capabilities to deter foreign aggression, and properly training, equipping, and supporting our troops and their families, as well as our veterans and wounded warriors.

5. fiscal responsibility
because government has refused to live within its means, america is facing an unprecedented debt and spending crisis. federal debt now exceeds $33.5 trillion, and our current fiscal path is unsustainable and dangerous, jeopardizing our nation’s economic growth, stability and the security of future generations. congress has a moral and constitutional duty to resolve the crisis, bring spending under control, balance the federal budget, reform and modernize entitlement programs, eliminate fraud, waste and abuse, pursue continued pro-growth tax reforms and permanent tax reductions, and restore regular order and accountability in the budget and appropriations processes.

6. free markets
government often stands as the greatest obstacle to the progress and prosperity of free people. free markets and free trade agreements allow for innovation, improvement and economic expansion as risk-takers, entrepreneurs and business owners are given the liberty to pursue the american dream and create more jobs and upward mobility for more people. we believe competition should be encouraged, and government intervention and regulation should be limited. the people are better qualified to make decisions about their own lives and finances than bureaucrats, and the private sector will outperform the public sector in virtually every scenario. the free enterprise system rewards hard work and self-sacrifice, and is the basis and genius of the american economy.

7. human dignity
because all men are created equal and in the image of god, every human life has inestimable dignity and value, and every person should be measured only by the content of their character. a just government protects life, honors marriage and family as the primary institutions of a healthy society, and embraces the vital cultural influences of religion and morality. public policy should always encourage education and emphasize the virtue of hard work as a pathway out of-poverty, while public assistance programs should be reserved only for those who are truly in need. in america, everyone who plays by the rules should get a fair shot. by preserving these ideals, we will maintain the goodness of america that has been the secret to our greatness.










the latest updates






























the latest news






house republican leadership statement on committee passage of budget reconciliation resolution

feb 14, 2025for immediate release february 13, 2025 contact: taylor haulsee washington — speaker johnson, majority...
read more



house republicans crack down on crime along the border 

feb 13, 2025for immediate release february 13, 2025 contact: athina lawson washington — speaker johnson released the...
read more



speaker johnson commends house passage of the midnight rules relief act

feb 12, 2025for immediate releasefebruary 12, 2025contact: athina lawson washington — speaker johnson released the following...
read more







read more news



 









follow me for the latest updates

followfollowfollowfollow



contact info

202-225-4000

h-232, the capitolwashington, d.c. 20515



resources

louisiana’s 4th district

house republicans

house gop jobs





©2024 u.s. house of representatives. all rights reserved.  |  privacy policy



 





























