






celebration cakes and wedding cakes by catherine scott | reading, berkshire, oxfordshire, uk
















reading:   0118 946 1112
          
          moulsford: 01491 873 332
          

info@catherines-cakes.co.uk





 berkshire & oxfordshire's premier cake supplier



home
wedding
celebration
corporate

about us

classes












 
 




  

 contact us by email on info@catherines-cakes.co.uk with all your cake requirements – there’s no reason to celebrate a special occasion without a cake!  we can cater for small celebrations – just ask us for ideas and inspiration!

couples getting married in 2025 and 2026 - our diary is open and filling fast as couples are booking further ahead than normal, so some prime dates are already very busy.  please get in touch soon to talk about your requirements.
   
   


keep an eye on our facebook and instagram pages for information about what we are up to or call us on 0118 946 1112 or 01491 873332. 

celebration & wedding cakes by catherine scott 

at celebration cakes we have a passion for beautiful, bespoke celebration and wedding cakes. we are based in caversham, near reading, berkshire, with a design studio in moulsford, between streatley and wallingford in south oxfordshire where we have been making beautiful wedding cakes, birthday cakes and special celebration cakes for over 20 years. 

we design and decorate classic, contemporary and rustic style wedding cakes  and make wedding favours for your wedding day. we specialise in personalised bride and groom toppers and handmade sugar flowers which can echo the flowers in the bride's wedding bouquet.


whether it’s one of our delicious buttercream frosted cake, tiers of personalised wedding cupcakes or a 'one-off' unique or novelty wedding cake design, you will receive a professional and friendly service from the design process through to delivery. if you don't see exactly what you would like on the website, please give us a call. if you can imagine it we can probably make it from cake, sugar or chocolate! 

we make corporate cakes, christening cakes, birthday cakes, children’s cakes and celebration cakes for any occasion. whether you are looking for an elaborate multi tiered wedding cake or a small celebration cake we can help.

premier cake supplier in berkshire and oxfordshire.


we also run cake decorating classes -

   for details visit here




visit our ebay shop – everything you need to make fabulous cakes.








 
2 montpelier drive,
caversham,
reading,
berkshire rg4 6ps

tel: 0118 946 1112

telephone enquiries:
mon-fri 9am-6pm

saturday 9am-4pm


cake collections by arrangement




unit 1, the byre,
greenlands farm,
cow lane,
moulsford,
oxfordshire ox10 9jt


tel : 01491 873 332


mon-fri 9am-5pm 



consultations by appointment only - please telephone to arrange. 
we are based in caversham, reading in berkshire, close to wokingham, bracknell and newbury, and in the beautiful south oxfordshire countryside at greenlands farm, moulsford, between wallingford and streatley and not far from didcot, abingdon, maidenhead, wantage and henley-on-thames.



privacy










