






stamford family ymca










































skip to content



 
203-357-7000
10 bell street, stamford, ct
about us

our mission
board of directors
staff
y news
contact us


my account
  
facebooktwitterpinterestinstagram
 















menu









































permanently closed

















if you have any questions please contact us at (203) 357-7000 or info@stamfordymca.org

































press release: 
 
stamford ymca to permanently close
february 16, 2024 – after serving the stamford, ct community since 1868 the stamford ymca board of directors announced the ymca operations at 10 bell st will be closing no later than march 31, 2024.
after-effects of the pandemic, reduced membership, and declining public funds for after school care proved to be a combination of obstacles too great for the ymca stamford to continue operations.
“we'd like to thank all our members, donors, and employees for their devoted sponsorship of the ymca over all these years,” according to paul macari, ymca board chair.
the pool will shut down immediately and other services will be closing over the coming weeks.
“we have been a proud member of the stamford community for over 150 years. unfortunately, as a result of declining revenues and escalating expenses it was a clear decision that the operations were financially unsustainable,” says peter wieland, ymca board treasurer.
members are being reached out to in separate communications with specific guidance regarding their monthly membership withdrawal.






















february 26, 2024
 
to our members,
we're excited to share some important updates regarding the closure of the stamford family ymca and the transition of memberships.
as mentioned, the stamford family ymca will close its doors on march 31, 2024. we've been working hard behind the scenes to ensure you can easily continue your fitness journey. we're thrilled to announce that the following fairfield county ymcas have graciously agreed to honor the stamford membership rates for three months.
to take advantage of this opportunity, sign up at one of the following ymcas by april 30:
darien ymca | https://darien-ymca.org/ | 2420 post rd. darien
greenwich ymca | https://www.greenwichymca.org |50 east putnam avenue, greenwich
riverbrook regional ymca (wilton) | https://wiltonymca.org/ | 404 danbury road, wilton
new canaan ymca | https://newcanaanymca.org | 564 south avenue, new canaan
westport ymca note, due to zoning regulations and restrictions on parking the westport ycma will only be able to accommodate memberships through may 23. | https://westporty.org/ | 14 allen raymond lane, westport
additionally, financial aid will be available after the initial three-month period.
this means you can easily continue your fitness journey at one of these locations. additionally, financial aid will be available for those who qualify after the initial three-month period.
we understand this transition may raise questions and are here to help. if you have any concerns or need assistance transferring your membership, please don't hesitate to contact us.
thank you for your continued support and understanding during this time of change. we appreciate your loyalty to the stamford family ymca and look forward to welcoming you to one of the fairfield county ymcas


















































 










hours of operation 
monday – thursday  6am – 9pm
friday 6am – 7pm
saturday:  8am – 2pm
sunday: closed

 
 

stamford ymca 10 bell street
stamford, ct 06901
203-357-7000

 





© 2018 stamford ymcathe stamford family ymca is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization that relies on private and public support to fulfill its charitable mission of community service.  




scroll to top














