



operation clambake - the inner secrets of scientology







- in respect and honour to all victims, and those who dare to stand up for them - 











                 
            

 introduction 











 

latest oc news





 

how to support





 

moved items





 

contact info














image by jefferson hawkins, originally posted on
                                mike rinder's blog.






frequently asked questions (faq)

                    please read these frequently asked questions if you have any questions regarding this site or its author. also included are some debates with scientologists.
                   

leaving scientology resource guide
leaving scientology may be the most important decision of your life.

what is scientology? 

church of scientology (from wikipedia)

ex-scientology kids "i was born. i grew up. i escaped."

baloney detection kit

some copyright considerations

the xenu leaflet consider using this leaflet against cos. available in several languages.








                 
            

 what is going on now? 
















search oc
































the underground bunker - for the most updated news!

former village voice editor tony ortega has written about scientology since 1995. an enormous and updated resource related to the cult of scientology. 


mike rinder's blog - something can be done about it

mike rinder worked personally with scientology founder l ron hubbard and became the official church of scientology spokesperson in the early 90's. 


the scientology money project

the goal of the scientology money project is to demand total financial transparency from the church of scientology. to this end, all possible publicly available financial and legal documents will be compiled. 


video: "the shrinking cult of scientology"

video with many famouse former scientologists, by tiziano lugli.


"super power, or what i can recall of it"


this is a personal recollections having been involved with the original piloting
                                                    of super power by dan koon. as part of the lrh technical research and
                                                    compilations unit, he was involved in the project to compile the rundown.
                                                    rendered images of how the super power building is supposed to look like
                                                    
here
.


the hole


the hole is a facility reportedly operated by the church of scientology
                                                            in riverside county, california in which dozens of its senior
                                                            executives have been "imprisoned" for months or years. 


why are some pages on xenu.net not indexed on google?


did you know that google is still being forced to censor operation
                                                                clambake? see reason here. 


                                                                             mike rinder speaks out -
                                                                             part 1 &
                                                                             part 2


mike rinder talks publicly for the first time
                                                                                after he came out of the church of scientology.
                                                                                broadcasted july 22 2010 on channel seven's
                                                                                today tonight programme 



                                                                                        looking over my shoulder, the inside
                                                                                            account of the story that almost
                                                                                            killed me


you may not believe this, but you can
                                                                                        write something that someone doesn't
                                                                                        approve of and then - with the help
                                                                                        of the government - be bankrupted
                                                                                        and have a quarter of your life almost
                                                                                        ruined. and you don't have to live
                                                                                        in china or russia. 






tweets by @oper_clambake











                 
            

 l ron hubbard 














l. ron hubbard (from wikipedia)

lafayette ronald hubbard (march 13, 1911 - january 24, 1986), better known as l. ron hubbard, was
                            a prolific american author and founder of dianetics and the controversial church of scientology.
                            

inside the church of scientology: an exclusive interview with l. ron hubbard, jr.

l. ron hubbard jr being interviewed by penthouse in 1983. cover story. 

the death of l ron hubbard

 in light of cos's very strong opposition to "psych drugs", it is ironic that its founder
                                    was taking a "psych drug" when he died. 

bare-faced messiah


the true story of l. ron hubbard.

the hubbard is bare


jeff jacobsen's excellent essay. where did hubbard get his ideas from? was he really
                                            the originator, or just a simple plagiarist? 

the h files

thanks to the freedom of information act we now have access to over 600 files
                                                the fbi has on l. ron hubbard. 

the operation snow white fbi files

more unclassified files from the fbi about operation snow white. 

the rtc fbi files

more unclassified files from the fbi about religious technology center. 

hubbard and clearwater

secret telexes from hubbard to fso in clearwater. "the top tech org
                                                    on the planet" was actually a mess per hubbard's telexes. 

ron the "war hero"

inside the cult, l. ron hubbard is attributed with a fantastic past and
                                                        incredible insight. however, most of these claims originate from
                                                        l. ron hubbard and are only verified by l. ron hubbard himself. this
                                                        is a closer look at his claims of being a war hero. 







                 
            

 david miscavige 

















david miscavige (from wikipedia)

learn more about the man who runs the church of scientology today. 

who is david miscavige?

articles and videos. 







                 
            

 the tech 







                     
                




a world without...

welcome to the 21st century! join the author of this essay for a rocket ride around the world to
                            see if scientology is achieving its aim of a "world without war, crime and insanity,"
                            and what it would be like if it did. welcome aboard and fasten your seatbelts! 

the secret library

view the inner most secret scriptures of the church of scientology. 

xenu (from wikipedia)
                                
in scientology doctrine, xenu (also xemu) is a galactic ruler who, 75 million years ago,
                                    brought billions of people to earth, stacked them around volcanoes and blew them up with
                                    hydrogen bombs. 

things to keep in mind

important quotes from actual policy letters you should keep in mind. you might be thinking
                                        "why does a church need to have such strict policies if it's not a military organization?"
                                        but then again, this is not your typical church. 

scientology grade chart

this is the official way "up the bridge". would you buy a bridge from these
                                            people? 

the techniques in scientology


jon atack explaining the basic techniques used in scientology. 

altering the tech

while hubbard was supposed to have developed the final "science of the mind",
                                                    it seems to change, even after his death. 

dianetic therapy

this paper is the only formal scientific study of dianetic therapy in
                                                        existence. made by harvey jay fischer in 1953. 

the cost of scientology


what does scientology training and membership actually cost? 

the personality test

the very debated personality test, which is often an individual's
                                                                first encounter with scientology. included are the "correct"
                                                                answers. 

the scientology comparative theology page

a web site to promote the scholarly study of the religious
                                                                    beliefs of scientology. 

scientology acronym/terminology faq

you will soon find out that hubbard used a strange language.
                                                                        this faq is to help you understand it better. 







                 
            

 the org 





















scientology cult

a page by a think tank of loyal scientologists formed around the recognition that scientology´s
                            problems trace directly to the hidden corruption and criminality of david miscavige, the self-appointed
                            dictator who subverted scientology. 

the sea organization

documenting the history of the para-military "elite" scientology organization. 

narconon exposed

drug rehab or scientology front? 

scientology & totalitarianism 

a very well argued and documented senior thesis looking at scientology in terms of the
                                        totalitarian ideological model. 

scientology vs. orwell's 1984

a former scientologist compares the disturbing parallels between the book "1984"
                                            by george orwell and scientology. 

scientology audited


an archive of critical research into scientology. a must read. 

cult of celebrities

how come so many celebrities are scientologists? 

scientology's secret service

unusual for a "religion", the church of scientology has organised systematic
                                                        intelligence activities, including bugging, burglary, forgery, framing,
                                                        infilitration and intimidation since 1955. 

scienositter

read how cult members must accept extensive censoring for them to
                                                            get "the freedom to access internet"! 

how many scientologists are there?


some comments regarding the claims from cos that they have 8
                                                                million members. critics suspect there are about 50,000 scientologists
                                                                worldwide. 

scientology photo album

put some faces on the names inside cos, see where the money
                                                                    goes and where it came from. 

made for propaganda

cos compares germany today with how the 3rd reich treated
                                                                        jews. let us see how scientology compares to nazism.
                                                                        

just like hitler and stalin

an example of how cos tries to edit history. 

the scientology homepage

take a look at how cos presents itself. read
                                                                                both sides, form your own opinion, then ask
                                                                                why scientologists don't dare link to this
                                                                                page. 







                 
            

 making enemies













suppressive person defense league

for over half a century, suppressive persons have been beastified, attacked and menaced in perhaps
                            the most vicious hate campaign ever manufactured by madness. 

enemy names


who are the enemies of scientology, how are they identified and what does the church of scientology
                                plan to do with them? here are the secret policy letters telling everything! 

piercing the corporate veil

how scientology defrauded the irs through an elaborate corporate shell game. 

operation foot bullet

despite the "fantastic" technology developed by hubbard, scientologists somehow
                                        end up messing everything up. 

scientology vs. germany


cos claims "human rights abuses against scientologists in germany".
                                                take a look at reality according to the germans. 

greece uncovers scientology

scientology has been thrown out of greece! some of the secret communication
                                                    inside the cult was discovered when the greek police raided their offices.
                                                    







                 
            

 cos and the law 















scientology and the legal system (wikipedia)
                        
according to a u.s. district court memorandum of decision in 1993, scientologists "have abused the
                            federal court system by using it, inter alia, to destroy their opponents, rather than to resolve
                            an actual dispute over trademark law or any other legal matter. this constitutes ´extraordinary,
                            malicious, wanton, and oppressive conduct.´ 

is scientology breaking the law?

this page provides links to reports alleging that scientology is breaking the law. 

scientology court files

a collection of court papers to help everybody involved in lawsuits against or from scientology.
                                    

what judges say about scientology

quotes from judges and others about scientology. 







                 
            

 personal accounts 














niece of david miscavige speaks out

(inside edition)

video of jenna hill, the niece of david miscavige, speaks out against the cult. 


geir isene's doubt write-up


geir is the most respected hig level scientologist in norway, an ot viii in very good standing.
                                    while he says he's had an enormous amount of spiritual gain from scientology, he's now
                                    stepping forward publicly saying it has been in spite of the malpractice and suppression
                                    of free will by the church of scientology. 


the jason beghe interview


he is the first celebrity to leave scientology and publicly discuss his involvement and
                                        then disillusionment with the group. he made it to ot v on scientology's "bridge
                                        to total freedom" and discovered the best way to get free was to get up and walk
                                        out the door. 


the marc headley interview


marc headley is a 15-year veteran of the cos where he worked closely with leader
                                            david miscavige and actor tom cruise. in this radio interview he reveals some
                                            of his amazing stories.


how to believe in scientology


ex scientologists are accused of stupidity for being so gullible. many think
                                                they are not gullible at all ordinarily, so how come they fell prey to this
                                                cult? 


kyle brennan


a mothers tragic loss of her son while he visited his scientology father.
                                                        


the death of lisa mcpherson


on december 5, 1995, lisa mcpherson was dead on arrival at a hospital
                                                            45 minutes north of clearwater florida. 

 jeremy perkins: a scientology family tragedy

on march 13, 2003, jeremy perkins, a 28 year old untreated schizophrenic,
                                                                stabbed his mother elli 77 times. 


ida camburn's promise


read the moving story from a mother of a scientologist and
                                                                    her 25 year effort to keep her promise. 

thank you xenu.net!

"sl" was about to fall for scientology hook, line and
                                                                        sinker. then he found operation clambake and started
                                                                        thinking. this is his letter of thanks. 

tory's story

30 years on the front lines for scientology, now
                                                                            out and here is her story!. 

kathryn's story

a personal story on how cos can mess you up.
                                                                                

the cheryl s story

this is a true story from inside the cult
                                                                                    from 1977 to 1991. 

the tech runs its course

a commentary on the lisa mcpherson case.

comments from scientologists

scientologists have frequently
                                                                                                been offered to add their
                                                                                                comments to this site so
                                                                                                that everyone can have easy
                                                                                                access to both sides. sadly,
                                                                                                few scientologists are able
                                                                                                to send me anything but undocumented
                                                                                                allegations that this site
                                                                                                distorts the truth. 







                 
            

 the press 











click image to watch interview. 






scientology inside out


any journalist who wants to investigate scientology should read robert vaughn young's quill article.
                            young handled public relations and the media for l. ron hubbard and his scientology empire for
                            20 years. 

hubbard's policy and practice in media and pr 

master's thesis: case study that looks at the world of press through the eyes of l.r. hubbard.
                                

the fabulous fifties

media coverage in the early, early years of dianetics and scientology 

the radio & tv vault


a multimedia archive of the best tv and radio programs regarding scientology. 

the cult of greed


the time magazine article from 1991 that really kicked things off. 

scientology vs the internet

free speech & copyright infringement on the information superhighway by jim
                                                lippard and jeff jacobsen. 







                 
            

 book shelf 














counterfeit dreams


one man's journey into and out of the world of scientology. 


scientology - abuse at the top



amy scobee tells the eye-opening account of her 27 years inside the church from innocence
                                    at age 14 to her nightmarish experiences in the highest management body at scientology's
                                    secret international headquarters. 

the scandal of scientology


paulette cooper's book; she was victim of the worst dead agenting attacks by the
                                            church of scientology ever. at least the worst we are aware of today... 

the road to xenu

a narrative account of life in scientology. 

my nine lives in scientology

personal account from the inside of the cult. 

the total freedom trap

a highly-recommended book by jon atack. 


blown for good - behind the iron curtains of scientology


marc hedley's book where he reveals his experiences from 15 years
                                                            at the international headquarters of scientology 

scientology booklist


lists most known books in english about dianetics or scientology.
                                                                

mind control etc booklist


books on cults, mind control etc. 







                 
            

 where to go from here 













resource center for freedom of mind

get help from the famous cult expert, counselor and author steven hassan. learn how
                                you can help loved ones in cults by interacting. 

international cultic studies association (icsa)

founded in 1979, provides information, education, and help to those adversely affected by or interested in cultic and other high-control groups and relationships.  







                 
            

 always remember to laugh 






              
            



the clam faq
- why we talk about clams and clambake



south park takes on scientology
 - episode available online 

national lampoon - diarrhetics (1989)

the orientation film
                            2 and now
                            3

- two parody sequels of the scientology film orientation that the cult often show to newcomers








                 
            






disclaimer: i,
                    andreas heldal-lund, am alone responsible for operation clambake. i speak only my own personal opinions.
                    critics of the church of scientology (cos), including wikipedia which is npov, are free to use images
                    and text on this site that are made by me if proper credits are given. pick up the stick! a special thanks
                    goes to all contributors, credits are placed where due except when authors have request anonymity. dianetics
                    and scientology are
                    trademarks of the religious technology centre (rtc). these pages and their author are not connected
                    with cos or rtc, or any others organization residing under their corporate umbrella. operation clambake
                    is registered as a non-profit organisation in norway, state reg.no.: 982 983 126 







