















leading software for nonprofits, education, and csr










































			skip to content		


		main navigation	



 
products 

popular products

raiser’s edge nxtindustry-leading fundraising platform
etapestryfundraising built for smaller orgs
researchpointpowerful insights for prospect research
luminate onlinecomprehensive online fundraising campaigns
justgiving from blackbaudtrusted peer-to-peer fundraising
financial edge nxtpurpose-built nonprofit accounting
merchant servicessecure nonprofit and school payment processing
k–12 school managementintegrated lms, sis, enrollment management, websites, and more
tuition managementconnected tuition and fees management for your school
altruticketing and membership for arts and cultural organizations
yourcause from blackbaudcsr employee volunteering and giving
grantmakingpowerful grant management for funders
 

view all products






solutions 


solutions by need



fundraising and engagementfundraising and advancement
peer-to-peer fundraising
donor and prospect data intelligence
marketing campaigns and websites
education solutionsk-12 school management
education management for higher ed
award and scholarship management
 

financial managementaccounting
tuition management
financial aid management
payment and purchasing services
csr and grantmakingemployee giving and volunteering
grant management
 



solutions by organization type

nonprofit organizations
k-12 schools
higher education institutions
healthcare organizations
arts and cultural organizations
foundations
companies
 


view all solutions






why blackbaud 

the blackbaud differencediscover why we're your best partner
blackbaud instituteindustry-leading research and insights
intelligence for goodour comprehensive approach to ai
customer storiessee why teams like yours choose blackbaud
flexible ecosystemsoftware that grows with you
 




resources 


partnersexplore our marketplaceextend your solutions. amplify your impact. partner with us to tap into new markets, innovate, and grow.
become a partnerjoin blackbaud's partner program to build, sell, refer, and service our unmatched solutions for social impact.
 




resourcesevents
resource centeradvance your goals with free tip sheets, ebooks, videos, and more from our experts
 

best practices and researchindustry researchsector trends and insights from the blackbaud institute
the engage blogbest practices and the latest learning for social good professionals
 





                    bbcon 2025 | oct. 6–8                


                        call for speakers is open: submit your ideas!                    







view all resources






training and support 

blackbaud universityflexible, free, and subscription-based training options on products and industry best practices
award-winning supportwhether you want to self-serve or need help, we have options that fit your needs
support login
knowledgebase
blackbaudu campus
blackbaud community
how-to documentation
downloads
idea banks
 

chat with support






request a demo 


sign in





search

additional learning and help resourcesdocumentation
blackbaud university
support
knowledgebase
blackbaud id
 


request a demo
















 

 




essential software
for the people who change the world.
request a demo













software built for fundraising, nonprofit accounting, education, csr and more.fueling bigger, bolder impact — everywhere.






millions


of users in
100+ countries






$100b+


raised, granted, or invested
through our software annually






100%


focused on social impact:
nonprofits + foundations, education, csr















explore what’s possible.
purpose-built solutions for:









fundraising
increase your revenue
through ticketing, marketing, and crm management.

















fund accounting
simplify your accounting and track budgets, revenue, donations and taxes.

















education solutions
get end-to-end school management from lms to tuition and student information.

















csr and corporate impact
easily manage your employee engagement programs.

















grantmaking
make your giving programs more efficient, strategic and outcome-focused.






















we understand what’s at stake when you count on us.
explore customer stories









                                "our partnership with blackbaud is critical. we need to scale as we are growing, and blackbaud products allow us to do that."                            

                                jennifer grantham                            

                                 senior director of annual giving,                            

                                san diego humane society                            
















































































expertise is built in.
blackbaud software is designed for your organization’s core business needs. built for wins, not workarounds.
explore our solutions for:






nonprofit organizations







k-12 schools







higher education institutions







arts and cultural organizations







healthcare organizations







companies







foundations


























latest resources






 



                        resource                    

                        toolkit                    

nonprofit change management toolkit
        change can be hard for nonprofits. whether you’re overhauling the organizational chart of your global enterprise or adopting a new ai tool in your modest fundraising shop, you need effective change management strategies to help you minimize disruption and resistance to new technology and processes.         
learn more




 



                        resource                    

                        white paper                    

the emerging threat of deepfake technology in social impact organizations
        explore the financial, social, and political implications of deepfakes, recent case studies and media coverage, and recommended strategies to mitigate threats.        
learn more


 







8,000+
partners and developers
in our network













flexible ecosystem
with blackbaud, you can grow without outgrowing your tech. from developer tools to low-code automations, to an ever-growing partner network, we’ve got you covered.
explore what’s possible











the latest at blackbaud






 




press releases 

blackbaud kicks off givingtuesday at nasdaq
            blackbaud will ring the closing bell at the nasdaq stock exchange to kick off givingtuesday, the global movement focused on spreading generosity on the tuesday following black friday and cyber monday.…
        

read more




 




press releases 

blackbaud showcases the future of ai-powered fundraising and financial management for social impact organizations at bbcon 2024
            blackbaud kicked off its annual technology conference, bbcon, announcing a wide range of innovation shaping the future of social impact technology. product updates focused on building connection between solutions and teams while delivering contextual intelligence—all to help social impact organizations raise more, save more and work smarter.…
        

read more


 













ready to fuel your impact?
request a customized demo to see how blackbaud software will help your team achieve its goals.








all fields required





 

thank you for your inquiry.
a blackbaud representative will be in touch with you shortly.
prefer to chat now?
click here if you’d like to speak directly to a blackbaud representative, today.

















								chat with us							

contact us






company

our executive leadership
corporate and social  responsibility
newsroom
investor relations
cybersecurity
privacy resource center
locations
careers


training

blackbaud university
blackbaudu campus
explore our curriculum
continuing education
blackbaud certification


support

support login
knowledgebase
system requirements
downloads
how-to documentation


partners and developers

blackbaud marketplace
partner portal
for developers
our flexible ecosystem
contact us


 





							chat with us						














 

acceptable use policy
manage cookies
your privacy choices
privacy policy
terms of use
 
					© 2025 blackbaud, inc. all rights reserved.				



select your region

united states
canada
europe
pacific


























