

































































sioux city journal news | breaking news | read the latest sioux city, iowa and nebraska news. get breaking news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and more.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-1°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



contests



comics



puzzles



movies & tv



music



scjtix.com



play



food & cooking



health & fitness



get healthy



home & garden



relationships & special occasions



special sections



submit announcement



people



pets



weekender



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



auto sales



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



work here



news tip



advertise with us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

autos









-1°
cloudy
























        
        
            woodbury county marriage licenses for feb. 17, 2025

here are the marriage licenses issued recently in woodbury county

















        
        
            naia baseball: reloaded morningside ready to make gpac run, briar cliff looks to replace pitching

with a promising squad on the mound and depth at the plate, the retooled morningside baseball team is ready to make some noise in the great plains athletic conference. briar cliff will look to replace a pair of its top arms. northwestern is looking to snap its four-season streak of finishing…

















        
        
            liberty elementary fifth grade teacher receives grant for chick-hatching project

liberty elementary school teacher janna mix-huot wanted her fifth grade grade class to see the life cycle of a chicken, from egg to back chick. the class doesn't know that their teacher is afraid of birds.

















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa men’s basketball: hawkeyes’ road woes return in second half

a second-half meltdown spoiled a promising upset bid for iowa men's basketball on the road against no. 25 maryland on sunday. the hawkeyes dropped to 5-9 in big ten action.

















        
        
            week in iowa: reynolds on lutheran services 'money laundering' post, iowa baseball season preview

here's a rundown of the news from across iowa this past week. 

















        
        
            on iowa politics podcast: gov. kim reynolds creates iowa version of doge

this week, lee des moines bureau chief maya marchell-hoff, scj's jared mcnett, and qct's sarah watson talk iowa’s version of the ‘don’t say gay’ law, middle east tensions in the iowa capitol, and gov. kim reynolds talks doge and lutheran services.

















        
        
            how iowa lawmakers are aiming to address the state’s rising cancer rates

iowa has the fastest-growing rate of new cancers and ranks 2nd in cancer rates compared to other states, per the iowa cancer registry. on feb. 21, the iowa farmers union is hosting a cancer listening post at the clay county regional events center in spencer. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            stretch of i-29 northbound reopened after crash


















        
        
            letter to the editor: did you vote for what's happening under trump?


















        
        
            teenager charged in shooting of teenager in morningside neighborhood















                
                the latest










        
        
            western iowa under an extreme cold warning until tuesday midday

an extreme cold warning was issued by the national weather service on monday at 2:57 a.m. valid from 9 p.m. until tuesday noon. the warning is for sioux city area as well as plymouth, cherokee and ida counties. 




















        
        
            today's poll: ﻿have you shoveled any snow this weekend?

today's poll: have you shoveled any snow this weekend?




















        
        
            speakout: how have you found the road conditions to be this weekend?

speakout: how have you found the road conditions to be this weekend?





















        
        
            siouxland neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in sioux city journal. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            video: ep-j's chase swanson scores vs. beresford just before halftime




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: class 2a district 3 wrestling at bishop heelan high school

more than two dozen wrestlers punched their ticket to the ihsaa class 2a state wrestling tournament on saturday at o'gorman fieldhouse inside bishop heelan high school. 





















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            how to bounce back from losing clients in q4

contributor content. losing clients is never easy, but you can turn every loss into a learning experience. utilize your company’s data to understand where your weaknesses are and work towards strengthening them as you head into q1.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            mediabids - pfp account



                                        448 main st, winsted, ct 06098
                                    






















        
        
            remsen golf club



                                        506 w 5th street, remsen, ia 51050
                                    






















        
        
            ken brandvold/ united real estate



                                        302 jones , ste 100, sioux city, ia 51101
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


business journal

events calendar

jobs

scjtix.com

i love a deal

shopper's guide

siouxland homes

siouxland life

weekender

get healthy




services


e-edition

email newsletters

subscribe

customer-service

advertise

announce your event

contact us

work here

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        sioux city journal, 2802 castles gate drive sioux city, ia 51106
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

































