













department of physics & astronomy | physics & astronomy {college of science and engineering}































      skip to main content
    










san francisco state university |
                

physics & astronomy {college of science and engineering} 



 



a–z

calendar

login




search
                                    sf state




search sf state button




sf
                                state
                            

this site
                            











toggle navigation
 menu
                            




main navigation


academics expand


academics


undergraduate degree roadmaps


graduate program


academic integrity


readiness for physics 111 & 220




students expand


awards & prizes


space: students of physics and astronomy - a community for everyone


optica club at sf state




faculty & staff expand


faculty


staff


lab instructors, spring 2025


lab instructors, fall 2024


lab instructors, summer 2024


lab instructors, spring 2024


lab instructors, fall 2023




research


colloquia


observatory & planetarium expand


observatory


planetarium




noche de estrellas


jobs








 



department of physics & astronomy

we are an inclusive department where all are welcome to unravel the mysteries of the cosmos!  science is a verb - do it!






support sf state physics & astronomy!




enrolling in phys 111?  see here for info on the prerequisites and how to enroll in the pre-calculus mini-course.















department of physics & astronomy


please note that department chair joseph barranco is on medical leave january 22 - march 4, 2025.  prof. huizhong xu (huizhong@sfsu.edu) is the acting chair during this time.  the physics & astronomy department office will be staffed by academic office coordinator roger dang (rogerd@sfsu.edu).  if you are an sf state student with questions about your degree progress, please contact your faculty major advisor, or roger dang if you do not know who your faculty major advisor is.
 
mission statement
the fields of physics & astronomy use the scientific method to investigate the fundamental laws that govern the cosmos and all its contents, from subatomic particles to the cosmic web of galaxies on the largest observable scales in the universe and beyond. the pursuit of science is a human endeavor, and our department welcomes the full spectrum of humanity to contribute their perspectives, passions, and skills to scientific exploration.
the mission of san francisco state university’s department of physics & astronomy is to equip students from all backgrounds with foundational content knowledge in classical mechanics, electricity & magnetism, special and general relativity, thermodynamics and statistical mechanics, quantum mechanics, and astronomy and astrophysics; to provide “hands-on” training in theoretical, experimental, observational, and computational techniques for pure research and industrial and “real-world” applications; to mentor students to embrace an empirical, scientific framework to expand the boundaries of knowledge through novel research, and, ultimately, to create diverse stem leaders, teachers, and policy-makers ready to tackle the most challenging problems facing society locally and globally.




  news & events





 


news





march 28, 2024
spend summer studying stars in the sierras

            
            outdoor astronomy class at the sf state sierra nevada field campus
we offer short summer courses for academic credit at sf s…




march 18, 2024
solar observing on thornton plaza in march & april 2024!

            
            dear sf state community,
 
thanks to the sfsu observatory's student docents and volunteers, solar telescopes and other speci…




february 27, 2024
physicist robert thornton’s influence lives on in thornton hall

            
            sf state’s first black dean of science was a physicist, educator and pen pals with albert einstein
science is constantly str…




more news









 


events






feb
24



phys/astr colloquium: topic in quantum gravity - dr. alex miller (assoc. prof., sonoma state u)
mon, february 24, 03:30 pm
sec 210




more upcoming events




















contact
email: physics@sfsu.edutelephone: 415.338.1659 




facebook






location1600 holloway avenuethornton hall 334san francisco, ca 94132





office hoursin-person: monday-thursday 9:00 am - 5:00 pmvia zoom: friday 9:00 am - 3:00 pm




quick linksfuture studentsnews @ sf state














accessibility
equity & community inclusion
environment & sustainability
privacy policy
title ix




san francisco state
                            university
a
                            california state university campus









sf state facebook







sf state twitter







sf state instagram







sf state linkedin






































