












air compressors florida | home | air compressor works










































 












"enjoyed your experience? click here to leave a review!"

proudly servicing south florida since 1979




















about us


values
testimonials
company history





services


preventative maintenance
repair
installations
rentals





products


compressors
vacuum
blowers
air treatment
system controls and monitoring
nitrogen generators
brand glossary



parts


educational


blog
case studies
sales literature
videos





financing


peac solutions
republic bank finance



contact 
careers

(800) 345-4364








completeair system solutions

sales
repair
parts
installation
preventative maintenance












reliable & efficient
quality service since 1979
servicing the compressor systems of 10,000+ satisfied air compressor works customers from vero beach to the florida keys.





expertise & preparation
complete service & repair
our factory-trained staff of 10+ service technicians will get your air systems up and running asap. all our trucks are well-stocked to tackle any problem.


reliable service
24hr emergency service
problems don’t follow a 9-to-5 schedule. if your compressor system goes down, we’re available for emergency repairs 24/7.


prevent damage
maintenance programs
preventative maintenance will help minimize & eliminate downtime for your compressed air systems. we provide detailed maintenance plans for your specific needs.


quality assurance
system analysis
our ada (air demand analysis) will give you a better understanding of how much air you are using, your expenses, and how your system can be more reliable and energy efficient.


goal-oriented & dependable
turnkey installation
our installation team is able to make your ideas a reality. we are state-certified mechanical contractors, providing professional installation of your equipment per the manufacturer specifications.


convenient & fast service
equipment pick up & delivery
air compressor works provides optional pick-up, delivery, and relocation for all equipment to and from your location.





browse our brands and products





compressors


vacuum


blowers


air treatment


nitrogen generators


system controls and monitoring













top selling products


kaeser refrigerated specialtydryers hp 750 psi/ht 150°f/hv 12,500 cfm


kaeser air and activated charcoalfilters 20-11, 875 cfm


champion industrialcompressor 2-100 cfm


kaeser belt drive rotary screwcompressors 9 to 140 cfm






top selling products


kaeser direct drive rotaryscrew compressors 112-565 cfm


kaeser direct drive rotaryscrew compressors 595-3044 cfm


kaeser rotary vacuumscrews 165-555 cfm


powerex oil free laband medical 9.5 -245 cfm



















our team
why choose us?
we know our customers' needs are unique. that's why we provide licensed mechanical contractors who can engineer solutions for any installation challenge. we’re highly trained and experienced in all types of piping material, including copper, black iron, galvanized, and aluminum. pick up, delivery, and relocation of equipment can be provided. no project is too big or too small for us here at air compressor works.





our happy clients
client reviews





"i cannot say enough good things about this company. i had a problem with the air compressor and dryer unit for my dental office and was out of commission for several days before i found them. my ‘industry experts’ had told me i might need a new unit, and the plumbing and electrical costs alone were huge. krista arranged a service call for me as soon as she could. eddie came out the next day and was very professional. he clearly knew what he was doing. he fixed the malfunction and even taught me a little bit about how the equipment works. i will definitely use them in the future for preventive maintenance."
jared p.






"the people at air compressor works were excellent. their service was fast and fairly priced, and i was impressed with everything they got accomplished in order to fix our unit. it really saved me money in the long run rather than buying a whole new unit. ultimately their team took care of us, and i'll definitely be going back to them in the future!"
leah t.






"i got excellent service here. everyone i worked with was helpful, very knowledgeable, and professional. they delivered my unit pretty quickly and installed it perfectly! i know i can use air compressor works for any maintenance needs."
kevin b.













contact us

palm beach:
1956 w 9th striviera beach, fl 33404monday – friday 7:30 am - 4:30 pm
map and directions

miami:
7292 nw 25th stdoral, fl 33122monday – friday 7:30 am - 4:30 pm
map and directions

phone number:
(800) 345-4364











areas we serve


miami
fort lauderdale
hollywood
boca raton
stuart
vero beach


delray beach
west palm beach
homestead
key west
fort pierce













copyright air compressor works © 2024. all rights reserved. | ada | privacy notice





hey, your browser is out of date!
we've noticed you're currently using an old version of internet explorer. to view our site accurately, we highly recommend you update your browser. 



chrome

recommended




firefox



safari



 edge



courtesy of 





































 

