




private preschool near me - the goddard school












































skip to content













the goddard difference


toggle dropdown menu








our exclusive education program, wonder of learning, is designed to embrace how children learn best — through curiosity.

                              explore wonder of learning
                            






classrooms


infant



toddler



twos



bridge



preschool



pre-k



private kindergarten



school age



features


wonder of learning™



playgrounds



steam



customized physical spaces



health & safety



life lesson library



things to know


faq's



my child's day



accreditations & awards



child development











teachers





family feedback





parent community





blog





careers





franchising





find a school














            find your goddard school
        


enter address, city, state or zip


find




                        please enter a valid search location
                    






search along route





use current location









view on map



            close
        






























        extraordinary awaits

the goddard school® nurtures your child’s unique potential. we help them find wonder in everyday moments to inspire a lifelong love of learning.


learn more














discover wonder of learning™









                did you know that between the ages of 2 & 5 years old, children ask an average of 40,000 questions?
            

﻿we say, bring them on! our exclusive wonder of learning education program is the most innovative, well-researched program on the market, focused on how children learn best: through play, exploration and following their natural curiosity. by asking questions and finding their own answers (then asking more questions!), children develop a lifelong love of learning.


discover wonder of learning























                fun learning environment
            

children learn best through play, so there’s no shortage of fun learning experiences here!


find the fun








                health and safety
            

our top priority is the health and safety of children in goddard schools. find out about our policies and procedures.


learn more








                family feedback
            

find out why goddard families are so happy!


read reviews















        
            why families choose goddard
            
        
    










previous


extraordinary awaits
goddard family
why we do what we do



next

















































        their extraordinary summer awaits

our summer program is an exciting extension of the school year where your child will explore, play and learn with old friends and new ones!


find a school near you










        
            learning your child loves
            
        
    














                our classrooms
            

every child deserves a warm, welcoming and flexible classroom where discovery and learning can happen naturally. from infants and toddlers to pre-k, kindergarten and beyond, our classrooms are designed specifically with your little one’s needs in mind.


find out more














                our teachers
            

teachers play an active role in your child’s education and development, setting the stage for a fun, engaging learning environment. these enthusiastic, creative educators design unique, personalized lesson plans to captivate your child.


learn more














                exclusive education program
            

wonder of learning is an innovative and well-rounded early childhood education program, empowering children to explore their curiosity and ask questions while teachers serve as guides, helping them discover their extraordinary potential.


explore more














the goddard school® is a private preschool and early childhood education center with locations across the united states. our preschool's approach to learning is centered around play-based activities and hands-on experiences, which help children develop a love for learning while building important skills in areas like literacy, math, and social-emotional development. in addition to providing a nurturing and supportive environment for children, the goddard school also places a strong emphasis on communication and collaboration with parents to support their child's growth and development both inside and outside the classroom. find the nearest private preschool near you by using our school locator tool. 


















let's stay in touch!


email address


sign up




                            please provide a valid email address in the format name@example.com.
                        




                        thanks! you are now signed up for marketing e-mails.
                    

                        something went wrong, please try again later
                    


by submitting this form, you agree to receive messages from the goddard school, goddard franchisor llc and its affiliates and/or subsidiaries, including goddard systems, llc.






about us
careers at gsl
news
school locations
goddard leadership
family connect
faqs
contact us
site map
franchising
goddard goods



connect with us!

















© 2025 goddard franchisor llc
privacy policy
terms & conditions
cookie management
do not sell or share my personal information




back to top



















x twitter



facebook



linkedin



email



search



arrow circle left





arrow circle right





arrow right



caret down



location







