



  


gismondi on wine































quicksearch


                        search tasting notes
                        for:go
take me to the wine search


twitter
instagram
subscribe










tasting noteswine searcharticlesvideo 
x





south kelowna slopes01.23 — by brent gushowaty
east kelowna slopescabernet sauvignon 



week in reviewsunday, january 26 202501 · 26buckle upas climate challenges and the anti-alcohol lobby loom large for 2025, the real issue is soaring wine prices, threatening to dampen consumption if unchecked. suffice it to say it will be an interesting year, but one thing will never change. the people making the best wine and selling it at a fair price will be sure to survive. they will be our focus in 2025. to those readers on a restricted budget, we recommend using our search tool to scan the thousands of wines our team is tasting to find authentic wines at the right price. subscribe to our free monthly newsletter which will feature wine picks worth your time and wallet. ag
anthony

holiday wine picksselecting wine as a gift is never easy. so, why not let us help you wrap up and gift with confidence a wine that will never be regifted. 
we...wine lover advent calendarthis year, we get an early start on the holiday season by sharing an advent calendar of wines and accessories to buy, gift, or use...signorello estate wineryafter wildfire decimated his napa winery, ray signorello jr has gone underground. it was not long after we last spoke with...anselmi winesour latest video takes you inside the anselmi family business in northern italy’s veneto region. post world war ii, marino anselmi...black hills estate wineryblack hills estate has a storied history as one of the oldest and leading estates in south okanagan. its annual release of nota bene...marica bonomo and monte del fràmonte del frà, or the land of the monks, earned its name in the late 15th century when the estate was founded as a monastery... 


contributors


by: brent gushowatysouth kelowna slopesin our ongoing series on british columbian pinot noir, kelowna is the focus this month, and its two sub-gis, both located on the eastern side of okanagan lake, east kelowna slopes and south kelowna slopes.
separated from the southwest corner of east kelowna slopes sub-gi by only a 1.5 km isthmus of urban development, the south kelowna slopes sub-gi differs substantially because its 800 hectares run in a narrow strip along the shore of okanagan lake from upper mission to okanagan mountain park...read more ...cheese pleaseby: allison spurrelltake a cheesy tripi know some people; let’s call them wine people. when they travel, it’s to napa valley, not california, and it’s to burgundy and alsace, not just france. they visit wineries, winemakers, and wine bars. they visit stores with row upon row of lovely gleaming bottles with familiar labels that they covet. they buy, taste, and enjoy all the interesting wines their travel destinations have to offer...read more ...by: geoffrey moss mwtop 10: cabernet sauvignon under $50cabernet sauvignon may be the most planted grape variety in the world, but we’d argue it isn’t easy to find exciting examples under $50. you often get what you pay for–at least up to a point. while we’ll never wrap our heads around the stratospheric prices of napa or bordeaux, the wines at the other end of the spectrum often end up, well, relatively simple and vinous, veering dangerously close to welch’s grape juice...read more ... 

 









                    follow us on
twitter



                    connect on
instagram




                	location
                    
                    1177 esplanade avenue
                    west vancouver
                    british columbia
                    canada v7t 1g3
[email address protected by javascript] 


subscribecontact uscontributorsmedia downloadprivacy policylogin
hometasting noteswine searcharticlesvideo 
back to top












