


margoneetho: syriac orthodox resources















 about 
        sor | volunteer | links 
        | socnews | sornet 
        | sor forum | faq 
        | what's new?  
         








 












search


            









  at 
        a glance | church 
        today | patriarchate | churches & 
        monasteries | history 
        | scripture | 
        
worship | music 
        | saints & fathers 
        | 
        
calendar | culture 
        | bibliography 








 prayer of the hour: 
      
 

  feasts & memorial 
      days in


 
 

visitor 









  
        the late patriarch's blessings 





         welcome message
         

 
 









	  the 123rd successor to st. peter at antioch elected ... his eminence mor cyril aphrem karim, archbishop of the eastern usa, was elected to the exalted see of antioch at the holy synod held in beirut at 10 am on march 31, 2014, and will be consecrated on may 29 assuming the name moran mor ignatius aphrem ii.



biography of the patriarch-elect




	  for updates, visit facebook pages: patriarch-elect · malankara syriac voice · socm-forum




	  his holiness moran mor ignatius zakka i iwas entered into eternal rest at noon on friday, march 21, 2015 at kiel, germany. his holiness was in a hospital in kiel when he succumbed to cardiac arrest. his remains were taken to the monastery of mor yacqub of sarugh in warburg, germany, where the first funeral service was conducted on sunday, mar 23rd. the body was then taken to beirut, lebanon, on march 25th, where the main funeral services were held on march 27th at 11 am local time. the body was taken to the patriarchal cathedral in bab touma, damascus, the same day, by road. the burial took place in the patriarchal monastery church in ma`rrat saydnaya near damascus on friday, march 28th. his holiness reigned on the throne of st. peter at antioch for 33 ½ years, the 10th longest patriarchal reign.


	  moran ethraham calayn
	  aloho haso l-kumro
	  waqeemoy men yameenokh
	  b-yawmo danho raboothokh.

	  lord have mercy upon us.
	  o god absolve the high priest
	  and stand him up on your right side
	  on the great day of ressurection!



	  for updates, visit facebook pages: hh patriarch mor zakka iwas · malankara syriac voice · socm-forum




	  click on the links below for the presentation, "the life and times of late patriarch hh moran mor ignatius zakka i iwas" by thomas joseph, sor webmaster, delivered at the condolence meeting held on mar 23, 2014, at st. mary's church, whittier, los angeles.

powerpoint presentation · 
      pdf

please sign the petition at whitehouse.gov urging help in locating the kidnapped bishops mor gregorious  yohanna ibrahim and archbp boulos yazigi of aleppo
 
        in syriac, margoneetho means 'a pearl'. syriac christian literature 
        depicts the pearl variously, as a symbol of our lord, faith and the human 
        soul. like an exquisite pearl hidden in an oyster, the spiritual heritage 
        of the syriac orthodox church, one of the most ancient christian churches, 
        remains obscure to much of the world today. the margoneetho: syriac 
        orthodox resources web site attempts to illuminate this rich and ancient 
        heritage.

        sor is not an "official" web site of the syriac orthodox church, 
        but receives encouragement and support from its hierarchy. 
bread for the soul











 recent publications
the new syriac primer
an excellent introduction to the syriac language for beginners by george kiraz and published by gorgias press.
the scattered pearls 2nd ed.
revised english translation of the definitive work on the literary heritage of the syriac orthodox church by the eminent scholar and late patriarch mor aphrem i barsoum published by gorgias press.
the 
        hidden pearl: the syrian orthodox church and its aramaic heritage

a three volume encyclopaedic 
        work on the aramaic heritage—language, history, and culture with 
        a focus on the syriac orthodox church in two volumes. videocassettes accompany 
        each volume.
 tur abdin: living cultural heritage

this magnificently illustrated book by rev. hans hollerweger with over 
        400 color photographs is a pictorial guide to tur abdin in se turkey where 
        the syriac orthodox faith flourished from the earliest days of the christian 
        church until the beginning of the 20th century.
rev. stephen griffith reports
the anglican minister rev. griffith 
        visited tur `abdin while serving as the apocrisiarus of the archbishop of canterbury at the patriarchate in damascus and reported on the state of the syriac orthodox community. reports of his visits from 1999-2003 are published here.
jun 
        2003 · jun 
        2002
prayers & fasts according to bar ebroyo
based on the doctoral thesis of rev. dr. biji chirathilattu, the book presents a theology of prayers and fasts from the oriental perspective based on the works of maphryono bar `ebroyo.

the 
        indian church of st. thomas
first published in 1908, e.m. philip's widely acclaimed work has been re-published by mor adai study centre.
 









 © sor. 1996-2010. all rights reserved.
 


