



high school district 214 / homepage




















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

buffalo grove hs
elk grove hs
john hersey hs
prospect hs
rolling meadows hs
wheeling hs
specialized schools






sign in
register


search our site































 close





 district home

 schools 








 users 







home


about d214
"
covid-19 information
return to school
d214 news
block schedules
arlington park overview
welcome class of 2026
school calendars 2023-2024
kendrick-oneal biographies


superintendent
district administrators
staff directory
schools and programs
district departments
district calendar
report cards
alumni transcript requests
awards
title ix trainings
facts and statistics
forms and registration
freedom of information act (foia)
health and wellness community resources
history
learning renewal plan
organizational chart
redefining ready!
school safety and security
sender school districts
site visit request
special observances
strategic plan
student data privacy
weather closing protocol
e-learning plan
incoming freshman



board of education
"



board of education members
board member training
mission, vision and goals
election information
meeting dates
agendas & minutes
policies
public comment
isbe discipline improvement plans



academics
"



apply
assessments
capstone and academy programs
center for career discovery
course request verification
early college credit
njrotc
summer experience 2025
academic programs and pathways guidebook
d214 student & parent handbook
infinite campus instructions
library services
postsecondary resources
student services



co-curriculars
"



athletics registration
d214 fine arts calendar
d214 fine arts tickets
eligibility
head injury care and return to play guidelines
ihsa cpr video training
pe waiver information
sportsmanship guide
weather policies



district departments
"



community engagement and outreach
english learners (el) program
finance
food and nutrition services
grants and special programs
health services
human resources
operations
professional learning
research and evaluation
teaching and learning
technology services
transportation
student services



staff
"
web community manager


staff resources
transparency in coverage (tic)



career pathways
"



definitions
frequently asked questions
skilled trades fair
college and career ready night
agriculture, food, and natural resources (afnr)
arts and communication (a&c)
finance and business services (fbs)
health sciences and technology (hst)
human and public services (hps)
information technology (it)
manufacturing, engineering, technology and trades (mett)
academic programs and pathways guidebook
graduation requirements



foundation and alumni
"
about the foundation
get involved
impact
foundation events and news
alumni


foundation and alumni



community education
"



community education
adult education
youth
adult enrichment
travel
events
registration





 search










high school district 214
discover your future.

































 i'm looking for...





search...

submit


top searches

academic programs guidebook 
assessments 
d214 theater tickets 
early college credit 
food and nutrition services 
forms and registration 
human resources 
post secondary resources 
student services 









 scroll down













d214 stories











kate kraft named deputy superintendent of d214

district 214 is pleased to announce that kate kraft has been appointed deputy superintendent, effective july 1, 2025. kraft, who currently serves as the associate superintendent for human resources, has been a dedicated leader in the district for over 15 years, bringing a deep commitment to supporting students, staff and school leadership.

comments (-1)












justin attaway named associate superintendent for business services

district 214 is pleased to announce that justin attaway has been appointed as associate superintendent for business services, effective july 1, 2025. attaway brings extensive experience in school finance and operational leadership, most recently serving as chief operating officer for st. charles community unit school district 303.

comments (-1)












district 214 apprentices lead the way in state’s ambassador program

young adults need quality preparation for successful careers.  illinois needs highly skilled workers to perform the many diverse jobs that drive a dynamic state economy.   pairing these facts forms a successful partnership – one recognized by the illinois workforce innovation board's ​work-based learning & apprenticeship committee, which last year launched the state’s apprentice ambassador program.

comments (-1)












lunar new year celebration brings community together



comments (-1)












guitar day strikes a chord at wheeling high school

the sound of strumming filled the halls of wheeling high school as 120 students from across the district came together for the inaugural arts unlimited guitar day, a hands-on musical experience that hit all the right notes.

comments (-1)












hersey ensemble scales the heights at ‘super bowl’ for high school bands

think about a big and exclusive event for high school musical ensembles. then think bigger and more exclusive. then – maybe – you begin to sense the stature of the midwest clinic international band and orchestra clinic.

comments (-1)












angela hawkins named principal of  wheeling high school

high school district 214 is pleased to announce that the board of education has approved angela hawkins as the next principal of wheeling high school. hawkins’s extensive experience, dedication to students and commitment to educational excellence make her an outstanding choice to lead the school into the future.

comments (-1)












district 214 approves vision 2030 resolution for educational excellence

the district 214 board of education took a significant step in supporting the future of public education by approving the vision 2030 resolution, a statewide initiative aimed at transforming k-12 education in illinois. the initiative focuses on ensuring students are prepared for the changing world, while promoting a safe and connected learning environment.

comments (-1)




more 






















d214 news






high school educator job fair
looking for a career as an educator? come to the nwpa high school educator job fair on saturday, march 8 from 9 a.m. - noon at forest view educational center (2121 south goebbert rd, arlington heights).
over 20 high school districts from the surrounding area are looking to hire. new or veteran teachers, counselors and clinicians are encouraged to come.
pre-registration is required. click here for more details.


comments (-1)







apply now: over $100,000 in scholarships available!
the 2025 scholarship application portal is now open through the district 214 education foundation! over $100,000 in scholarships are available, including opportunities for trades, women in stem or law, and the dr. david r. schuler redefining ready! competition.
don’t miss this chance to fund your future! the deadline to apply is friday, march 14, 2025. start your application at www.214foundation.org/scholarships.


comments (-1)







school registration begins june 2, 2025
to ensure your student is ready for the first day of school on august 13, 2025, please complete the following steps:


annual school registration must be completed.


current residency must be on file.


immunizations must be up-to-date and verified.


families must finalize the registration process to avoid delays on the first day of school. click here for more information.


comments (-1)







inspire the next generation
are you looking for a meaningful way to support your community and grow your organization? mentoring a district 214 student intern offers numerous advantages. interns bring fresh perspectives, innovative ideas, and creative problem-solving skills to your team. it's also a chance to make a lasting impact, strengthening your brand and shaping the next generation of innovators.
ready to make a difference? fill out the mentorship form at links.d214.org/mentor.


comments (-1)







boost your act score
district 214 is partnering with varsity tutors to provide free resources and classes to help students prepare for the act, sat, psat/nmsqt and advanced placement exams. they include:


online classes with a live teacher


on-demand videos and lesson plans at your own pace


practice tests


on-demand tutoring 24/7 available in english and spanish


for more information, head to www.d214.org/assessments.


comments (-1)







d214 summer experience 2025
each year during the summer, district 214 provides current students, incoming students and youth within the community an array of educational opportunities, enrichment experiences and athletic programs. www.d214.org/summerexperience is your one place for all things summer. families can get information and access the registration portals for:

summer coursework
summer enrichment
summer athletic programs

click here for registration information for all summer experience programs.


comments (-1)




more 


















upcoming events





tomorrow

presidents' day - all buildings closed





february 27, 2025

6:30 pm
board of education meeting - workshop





march 13, 2025

7:00 pm
board of education meeting





march 14, 2025

end of 3rd quarter





march 17, 2025

first day of classes – 4th quarter




view calendar












discover your future.
d214 facts

140co-curricular opportunities
44,000average annual potential college credits earned
11,909number of students 2022-2023
1,028class of 2023 composite sat score (out of 1600)











featured stories



























        view this profile on instagram            high school district 214 (@district214) • instagram photos and videos





















site map

jobs/careers








high school district 214






2121 south goebbert road arlington heights, il 60005


 phone: 847-718-7600
 fax: 847-718-7645
 email us



 
 
 
 
 




 facebook
 twitter
 instagram
 youtube
 linkedin
 vimeo


















questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















