















     self help spiritual ebooks unleash your power for fulfillment & successful, prosperous living 
    











x 
email 
 




free ebooks


spiritual ebooks



 





nederlands/dutch








â˜°   m e n u  










 
 
margareth lee, author and owner of this site.  offers free spiritual ebooks and lyrics for meditation and prosperity thinking, financial freedom, higher self esteem, and spiritual healing. also features transformational art, fairy tales, children's stories, and coloring pages.
the free downloadable spiritual self help ebooks for meditation, self improvement and empowerment,  unleash your power for fulfillment & successful, prosperous living. 
motivational books online with inspirational quotes, inspiring poems, & positive affirmations for a new age, 
to experience complete spiritual prosperity, abundant success & financial freedom, higher self 
esteem, healing, & graphics & art, childrens stories & fairy tales, on cats, with catpictures & on elfin, with pictures of 
faeries, and free printable coloring pages at 
absolute1.net,  dutch also. 
 






on this page: site overview, links to interesting spiritual websites, and free articles.
articles  by gary sigler, dr. robert muller, masaharu taniguchi, joseph murpy, catherine ponder, 
lillian dewaters, w. john murray,  joel goldsmith, fanny b. james, emmet fox and nick arandes. 
 

	a new vision for your life!
you are creating all the time! remember the powerful & effective way to do it! unleash your power 
for infinite abundance & prosperous thinking, harmonious relations, success, wellbeing, and self esteem 
based on your true self worth.		


a page for kids with:
 free children's stories
free fairytales
catpictures
coloring pictures
  beautiful faery and pixie 
pictures in the books and 
lots of faery graphics
find coloring pictures and fairy drawings, stories, fairytales and spiritual ebooks for children, 
that build self-confidence. 
read and listen to 
 the law of attraction for kids. 
harry potter isn't the only magician, you are too. margareth tells you about her transformator system for kids. 	


here you and your children:

 find a growing number of powerful spiritual & self help electronic books (ebooks) and
stories of inspiration to unleash your power for fulfillment and success and prosperous thinking.  
these motivational books with inspirational quotes, inspiring poems, & affirmations for a new age,
 help you to experience healing, self esteem, complete prosperity, abundant success, & financial 
freedom and to achieve your life goals effortlessly.  
at absolute1.net you find 
inspiring thoughts on self improvement, development of prosperity thinking and 
knowledge of the law of abundance and universal laws.
the guiding light of the holy spirit, 
the mysticism of jacob boehme, 
the transformational art and graphics of sulamith wulfing,
meister eckhart's inspiring words, 
joel goldsmith's infinite way of prayer and wisdom. 
the powerful wisdom of annie rix militz for successful living and harmonious relationships, 
the motivational inspiration of iyanla vanzant, 
unleash your power for financial and spiritual success with wallace wattles' powerful 
thinking,
ralph waldo trine's confidence and success building positive affirmations and visualizations, 
the vision of mary baker eddy, masaharu taniguchi and margareth lee for success and 
fulfillment. 		


buy spiritual ebooks by annie rix militz (both riches and honor), lillian de waters 
(light of the eternal), and joseph benner (the way out - the way beyond) and margareth lee (the light in the lord's prayer - alex in elfinland). 			


free  downloadable books and audiobooks by james allen, h. emilie cady, mabel collins, margareth lee, 
peace pilgrim, wallace wattles, henry thomas hamblin, emmet fox, florence scovel shinn, 
napoleon hill, ralph waldo trine, and kahlil gibran, to increase success, wealth, wellbeing and 
freedom.


 here you also find many links to thousands of free motivational and self help ebooks and classics.
for instance links to:
joseph benner - the impersonal life - meditation and affirmations from your higher mind
baird t. spalding - life and teachings of the masters of the far east, part 1-3
many other free spiritual self-help and mystical ebooks		




the_trans4mator_&_other_tools_for_transformation

tools to transform your mind and eliminate self-sabotage: 
the transformator, based on a course in miracles, energy psychology and meridian therapy 


 reviews & descriptions of books by wayne dyer, larry dossey ...

the powerful vision of a course in miracles, the wisdom of the life and 
teaching of the masters from the far east and motivational and self help books from 
louise hay, marianne williamson, wayne dyer, henry thomas hamblin, napoleon hill, 
sarah ban breathnach, florence scovel shinn, emmet fox, richard bach and other authors.

inspiring song lyrics by kirtana, peter makena, barbra streisand, sophia, twila paris, & carrie norman and others. 

metaphysical poetry by emerson, blake, wordsworth, walt whitman, james allen, edwin markham, & margareth lee.





		sites where you can purchase spiritual books and products.





spiritual gardening and japanese zen gardens 

 our privacy policy 


absolute1.net, the bookparadise for you and your kids!
					

   i only want the peace of god .....
		 
i use the proceeds of this web site to ad more ebooks and to translate more recent books in 
dutch and place them on the site. there are many very profound books in english, that do not 
offer enough commercial possibilities for dutch publishers. the dutch-speaking region is small 
and an even smaller number of people buy these books. 
therefore i am very happy with your financial support. thank you!
	
for those who ask how to do that: you can mail me to receive my address

email 


or donate through paypal using your creditcard.

















this wonderful

fairylands site is owned by 



absolute1.net with free self help ebooks & childrens stories, art  & graphics..


previous


next


back two


skip next


random


next five





the first picture is by rassouli and will take you to his his website rassouli.com. he is a visionary artist whose main theme is cosmic unity. 
click on the second picture to view a page with paintings and illustrations of mostly victorian 
fairies and on the second picture to view a new page with pictures by mary 
cicely barker and gustav dorã©. 
click on the third picture to view some of the powerful art of sulamith wulfing (a very successful german 
artist) and her great use of symbols of transformation
the fourth picture takes you to the  work of contemporary visionary dutch artist marja lee kruijt, who lives in england. 
a league of her own! 




 


 


do you want to try a game? click here. --
mastermind --
  rubik's cube --
  maze 3d --
  lego --
  tetris

read articles by:  
 gary sigler on the fear of deception 
among christians 
there is also an audiofile of this talk. you can download it in two formats:
for  real player  
or in  mp3 format. 

you can also download the text as  
word (rtf) file here. gary sigler is one of the living illumined men. he brings light to the thinking of those who call themselves christians. a real hero! 
 
read the transcript of gary's revolutionary vision on the secret movie  here  and listen to part i (1 hr 06 min.). 


your browser does not support the audio element.



on his site  www.sigler.org  you can listen  to the sequel (part 2 and 3). i also highly recommend his talks on "god's eternal purpose". listen to the voice of love and truth. 

different style, different words, same message as gary sigler. 
here is a link to the website of reverend ike  with a generous free course and many wonderful audio's. you can listen here to his profound lecture on the real man (59 min15). 


your browser does not support the audio element.

 
 ego and the so-called dangers of the secret by margareth lee 
 
an article about "your ideal partner" by margareth lee 
 

lillian dewaters on wealth, the law of abundance and riches and your true relationship with god.
  
 tony mase discusses 
wallace wattles' definition of real success. 
 
 
masaharu taniguchi - principles of prosperity in the bible
 

joel goldsmith - a meditation on god's presence
 

fannie b. james - heaven
 

w. john murray - the changeless reality  let go and let 
god and experience the light and love that is always all around you and in you and your true 
harmonious and prosperous life of miracles. the path to fulfillment, confidence and harmonious 
relationships and prosperous thinking. 
  

dr. joseph murphy - oneness with god 
profound wisdom from one of the most influential motivational teachers of prosperous thinking 
and meditation of recent times.
   
powerful affirmations to unleash your power for fulfillment and prosperous living by catherine ponder
  
emmet fox on treatment
  
quotes and affirmations by emmet fox
  
nick arandes' vision on positive thinking
a motivational approach to develop confidence, and great harmonious relationships
  
a collection of thoughts on peace
  
an uplifting perspective on peace by dr. robert muller, 
former assistant secretary general of the united nations, revealing great wisdom
  
 light by lillian dewaters 
   
do you want more books by lillian dewaters? we have "light of the eternal" for you. 
 check it out here. 

  
swan graphics on this web site from sygnet:
 visit her wonderful website sometime. enjoy her poems!
i also want to express my gratitude to the maker of arachnophilia, the 
free software used to build this site. it can be obtained at  
careware. 
read about the wonderful exchange he proposes.  





links to interesting sites
the subjects here are secrets of complete fulfillment, confidence, wisdom, ascension, prosperity,
metaphysics, mysticism, meditation, healing, christ consciousness, self help, wealth and 
infinite abundance, self improvement, success affirmations, truth, miracles, law of attraction, inspiration, 
gratitude, absolute divine power, the spiritual meaning  of money and financial freedom, 
their goal is to unleash your power for prosperous thinking, and to experience harmonious and 
successful living, financial empowerment and self esteem based on your true worth, through 
self help and motivational and mystical books and teachings.

most of these sites represent new thought, with unity as the mainstream. and of 
course  a course in miracles representatives. the infinite way, established 
by joel goldsmith, has also been included. on the page with free downloadable ebooks there 
are more connections to work of dr. joseph murphy, peace pilgrim, the divine science 
organisation, the theosophical organisation, and a download adress for the bible. 
     



you can download the original course in miracles as app  via  play.google.com  
or on jcim.net    website of rev.reja joy green & chris green. 
  
the infinite way
  
the unofficial infinite way
  
read a wonderful account 
of joel goldsmith's life by lorraine sinkler!
  
university of healing from dr. herbert 
beierle     an inspirational and free approach of the life divine. 
  
endeavor academy wisconsin 
main focus: a course in miracles.  ask not the sparrow how the eagle soars! if you are looking 
for freedom from fear, limitation and want, ask the fearless, unlimited and free, the ones who 
are masters of their own life. 

swedenborg writings:  heavenly secrets
contained in the holy scriptures or word of god unfolded beginning with the 
book of genesis together with wonderful things seen in the world of spirits and in the heaven 
of angels 
  
jacob boehme
  
 the ancient arrow book tell me what you 
think of this book. i have not had time to read it. 
  
audiofiles by walter lanyon 
on gary sigler's site, www.sigler.org. 
  
new thought online books  
great site with many free metaphysical books. most of them are on the law of attraction and other spiritual laws and how to live the life of your dreams. 
  
the aumara light & healing circle
enrich your life with spiritual healing and powerful healing crystals, join us in global healing 
and meditation, browse our inspiration gallery and teachings library, and much for the 
traveler of the spiritual path
  
abundantchange.com 
imaginative, free and affordable books and recordings with beautiful lyrics, which encourage, 
guide and motivate children, youths, and young adults...

 all about henry thomas hamblin  at thehamblinvision.org.uk

 not free but great books and audiobooks by  arnold patent  
here is truly straight talk about the facts of this illusion we call life! it's ending in light and laughter. 
here is  a page with his books. 
the on-line books page 

here you can read an article by this successful author, entertainer, comedian, and singer:
 nick arandes on positive thinking. 



the impersonal life by anonymous (joseph benner) - mystical guide for harmonious and positive living and self improvement
 at youtube you can listen to the audiobook. here is a link to the beginning.


gary sigler's ministry  with his delightful writings and 
numerous audio's of his inspiring sermons. a new enlightened christianity, as jesus intended it. 
freedomvoice.net   anthony den hartog 's writings and audio on truth in scripture.   
northwoods divine science: writings of 
w.john murray and joseph murphy and others
peace pilgrim home page
project gutenberg
the forgotten books of eden and other ancient books at sacred-texts.com.
theosophical university press 
online here you find more books by mabel collins.
works of charles fillmore
lectures and audio by  neville goddard  a great  illumined speaker on metaphysical themes.
 biography of neville goddard 
on youtube you can also listen to many audiobooks and lectures by neville goddard. 


		 
i love audio talks and interviews and i want to share some of my favorite resources with you.
added octobre 2008: on michelle blood's website i found ringtones by a wonderful teacher, who really uplifts and inspires me and gives me great joy. here is a link to the website of reverend ike  with a generous free course and many wonderful audio's. in the seventies this teacher became immensely popular and thus visible. this immediately alerted ego to the effect he had on the consciousness of millions of the ego's slaves. ego wants the poor to remain in poverty and limitation. so the teachers who teach those who are already well off and didn't have much impact, are left alone, but the one unique teacher who really wants to redeem the poor, is attacked immensely. don't let any of the slander about this enlightened soul hold you back. since jesus no teacher has been attacked more viciously. however, he has lifted the consciousness of millions.  there is talk that his teaching had never advanced anyone. mark victor hansen, the co-author of "chicken soup for the soul" testifies differently. hundreds of millions of copies were sold of his books and he is one of the few current teachers who openly attributes his success to reverend ike. 
reverend ike's explanation of the bible is so lofty and so simple at the same time, anyone can understand it. he transitioned on july 28 in 2009. his body translated into a higher vibration and he ascended into light, but the work of this great metaphysical teacher for our transformation will continue to uplift, inspire and enlighten all who come in contact with it. 
 
from his website i have for you  his reaction to the accusers: "don't even see accusers. every accusation is self-accusation".
you can listen here to this lecture. 


your browser does not support the audio element.

 
michele blood has created musivation which is powerful affirmations set to pop music. this way the powerful new thoughts enters into the treasury of your subconscious mind and bring about immediate change to your amazing mind.
simply listen to each daily song and watch your life dramatically improve.
on her site you also find an audio ebook by wallace wattles, "the science of being great". listen to a free chapter. 

 
hearing god's voice   acim teachers,  
davidpaul doyle and candace doyle, teach people how to hear the holy spirit (www.thevoiceforlove.com/holy-spirit.html) within them. 


if you search youtube, you can find many videos with esther hicks who channels abraham. she gives a good and detailed explanation of the law of attraction. 

for those visitors who don't know the work of esther hicks/ abraham, 
you can listen at her website  to many talks and explanations of the law of attraction (loa). there is also a lot of video material from her workshops on youtube. 
video at youtube with luminary michael beckwith 
the pp prayer  

bridging heaven and earth show, an interview   with the remarkable rev. michael beckwith. 


god is literally birthing a new creation son throughout the earth today. not out of the old adamic nature but out of the christ nature which is gods original expression. we are literally being birthed out of the earth and into the eternal kingdoms as we speak. ... today is the day of salvation. 

i have saved the best for last, 
  gary sigler


listen to his teaching about natural man and spiritual man. 

in this short video reverend dr. harry morgan moses teaches about the cosmic sweep of love. in my own daily experience this is a blissful energy that envelops one and i call it the glow. the energy itself is very satisfying. nothing compares. 



dr. harry morgan moses is an awakened teacher of god, in the tradition of ernest holmes. spiritworks is a joyous, prosperous, creative, teaching center & spiritual community that reveals and celebrates god's nature. they say: we exist to inspire, nurture, enlighten, and empower everyone. and this the people at spiritworks really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really do!

did that sound familiar? the lovers of abraham have undoubtedly recognized an abe-ism. they teach the law of attraction, an old favorite of many of our writers here at absolute1.net. did joseph murphy, charles haanel, wallace wattles, napoleon hill and all those who told us about the loa get their inspiration from abraham? the source is one and teaches fundamentally that the basis of your life is freedom. the purpose of your life is joy. for those who don't know abraham, channeled by esther hicks, (though i can't imagine there is anyone like that left on the planet), here is a link to their website and video's on youtube. 


        

we must be asking better questions, because they are getting better all the time. for their products and newsletter visit their website. 
in the second video esther explains why appreciation is so powerful in transforming our experience, as well as how we can cultivate appreciation, how we can use it, and why an emphasis on gratitude is less effective. from their numerous video's on youtube, i chose this one, because it makes a great point: real transformation always comes with deep appreciation for everyone and everything, no matter what it looks like. 


   







these web site links are listed as a convenience to our visitors. if you use these links, we take no responsibility 
and give no guarantees, warranties or representations, implied or otherwise, for the content or accuracy of these third-party 
sites. 




i agree with the divine science statement of being
    god is all, both invisible and visible. 
    one presence, one mind, one power is all. 
    this one that is all is perfect life, perfect love, and perfect substance. 
    man is the individualized expression of god and 
    is ever one with this perfect life, perfect love, and perfect substance. 
you can read divine science interpretations of 
christian doctrine  here.
there is no good or evil, there is only god!


on the contents of this website there is a copyright from various authors. of course the free 
material is in the public domain, except where noted. 
 2002 absolute1.net 

to the beginning















enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


www.absolute1.net





















