

the gospel truth of god's character, law, government and gospel


  










-----welcome to


the gospel truth


-website









you have two choices:








the complete works of
charles g. finney
 

 
charles g. finney 1792-1875
 
click here


en español -- traduzidos para portugues -- in italiano -- en francais --vertaald in het nederlands  -- auf deutsch --chinese -- telegu (india)



<--either--or--> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



important works 
by other writers
 
 
click here
 
 
 
 
 




all of the files on this website of charles g. finney are certified by gospel truth ministries to be conformed to the original text, and can be relied upon for authenticity and scholarly research.






now!  finney in audio: download free--click here

 now! the oberlin evangelist from 1839-1862: all of the original pages(approx. 5,000) available on-line.










today's quote


grace: the impression of many seems to be, that grace will pardon what it cannot prevent; in other words, that if the grace of the gospel fails to save people from the commission of sin in this life; it will nevertheless pardon them and save them in sin, if it cannot save them from sin. now, really, i understand the gospel as teaching that men are saved from sin first, and as a consequence, from hell; and not that they are saved from hell while they are not saved from sin. christ sanctifies when he saves. and this is the very first element or idea of salvation, saving from sin. "thou shall call his name jesus," said the angel, "for he shall save his people from their sins." "having raised up his son jesus," says the apostle, "he hath sent him to bless you in turning every one of you from his iniquities." let no one expect to saved from hell, unless the grace of the gospel saves him first from sin.--charles finney
evangelism: it implies that this is their only work, that the only business they have on the earth is to glorify god in the world's conversion. they are to do or say nothing, and be nothing, more or less than is conducive to this end. to this their whole being, time, influence, and possessions are to be consecrated. in that solemn parting hour, christ doubtless meant to give them his whole mind in these few last words; go, apply yourselves directly to the conversion of the world, and finish the great work which i have begun. i have given you the example; let your eye too be single, and your devotion unwearied and entire.-- charles finney
success: "i will tell you the secret. god has had all there was of me. there have been men with greater brains than i, men with greater opportunities. but from the day i got the poor of london on my heart and caught a vision of all jesus christ could do with them, on that day i made up my mind that god would have all of william booth there was. and if there is anything of power in the salvation army today, it is because god has had all the adoration of my heart, all the power of my will, and all the influence of my life."--william booth
discouragement: many are discouraged by the present and past attainments of christians. they are constantly stumbled by the consideration that holy men of former and present times have known so little of full gospel salvation. they might just as reasonably let the past and present state of the world shake their confidence in the fact that the world will ever be converted. and indeed, whether they are aware of it or not, i suppose they have as much confidence in the one as in the other. they seem not to be aware of the fact that they are full of unbelief in regard to the world's conversion, while they are sensible that they have no confidence in the attainableness of rest from all their sins in this life.--the reason why they are sensible of unbelief in the one case and not in the other is, the one is placed before them as a present duty, in attempting to perform which they experience the chilling influence of unbelief--while the other is a thing which they have never tried to do, and which they do not understand to be their duty to do. consequently a want of confidence in respect to this, is not the object of the mind's attention. certainly a state of mind that can be discouraged by the past or present history of the church, would of course feel the same discouragement, and have the same reason for discouragement, in regard to the world's conversion.-- charles finney
the pulpit is responsible: 
responsibility: brethren, our preaching will bear its legitimate fruits. if immorality prevails in the land, the fault is ours in a great degree. if there is a decay of conscience, the pulpit is responsible for it. if the public press lacks moral discrimination, the pulpit is responsible for it. if the church is degenerate and worldly, the pulpit is responsible for it. if the world loses its interest in religion, the pulpit is responsible for it. if satan rules in our halls of legislation, the pulpit is responsible for it. if our politics become so corrupt that the very foundations of our government are ready to fall away, the pulpit is responsible for it. let us not ignore this fact, my dear brethren; but let us lay it to heart, and be thoroughly awake to our responsibility in respect to the morals of this nation. --charles g. finney, december 4, 1873


 
 home | finney life | finney works | text index | subject index | glossary | e-mail


 contact us: or ask your question: or leave your comments
 



  this site created and maintained by: gospel truth ministries. p.o. box 352 lindale, tx usa


copyright (c)1999-2021. gospel truth ministries. all rights reserved.
 
 






















