


voice overs voice over talent voiceovers radio jingles voice mail greetings global services firm




























voice overs from voice over talent for narration services,
  commercial voice overs, radio imaging, voice mail greetings, and more.














	    • home
	    • commercial voiceovers
	    • radio imaging
	    • tv promos/ids
	    • narration/narrators
	    • on hold/ivr/ voices
	    • character voices
        • foreign language voices
	    • language translations
	    • production
	    • voiceover school
	    • voiceover marketing
	    • industry links
	    • get rates
	    • contact us





 • client login • 
			enter your email.











voice overs & voice over talent


find the "right"
		  voice over talent for your voice overs!


voice overs & voice over talent for narration, television & radio, radio
  jingles, voice mail greetings, and much more... 
we make it easy to find and purchase quality voice overs from
  our signature voice over talent professionals. with over 16 years of industry
  experience in voice overs, marketing mania is the
  place to search for, find, and hire professional voice over talent and recorded
  voice overs. it's easy to start, find out how or visit our navigation links to the left to listen to voice over talent demos and choose your talent immediately.
marketing mania provides voice overs, voice over talent, and voiceover
    recordings for any use that you have including: narrators, commercial
    voice overs, voice mail greetings and on hold voice overs, radio voice overs
    or radio imaging, tv promo voice overs, and foreign language voice overs.
    when you need quality voice overs from premium class voice over talent, marketing
    mania is your top resource.
 you can hear our voice overs in action from nearly any page in our
  website. the voice over talent we have available for your voice overs can be
  heard by visiting these categories: narration services, commercial
  voice overs, voice
  mail greetings and on hold services, radio imaging, tv promos and trailers, character voices, foreign
  accent and foreign language voice over talent.
choosing a voice over talent just got easier!  marketing mania
  makes it easy to find and listen to demo voice overs. on our website you'll
  find a comprehensive list of world class voice over talent. we even provide
  free voice casting services to make choosing the right voice for your voice
  overs so much easier. find out more about our specific services for voice overs
  below.



narrators, narration services, narration voice overs
        it takes a special voice over talent to provide narration services. narrators
          are used for elearning, training programs, documentaries, medical projects,
          corporate presentations and more. listen now to demo
          narration voice overs.



commercial voice overs
        professional voice over talent can make your  advertising stand out with
          the right voice, inflection, and emotion. commercial voice overs are
          heard on spots for radio, television, the internet and point of purchase
          video displays. listen
          now to demo commercial voice overs.



voice mail greetings & on hold voices
          make your business stand out with professional voice mail greetings
            recorded by our voice over talent. ivr and on hold messages can be
            put to work for you with professional voice overs. listen now to
            demo voice mail greetings and on hold voice overs.



radio voice overs or radio imaging
          radio voice overs or radio imaging is quite the specialty when it comes
          to branding your station. we're the experts!  radio jingles,
          sweepers, promos and id's dry or produced. listen
          now to demo our radio voice over talent strictly for radio imaging
          and radio jingles.



tv promo voice overs
          need a voice over talent for your tv promos, voice  overs for id's,
          news opens and trailers?   brand your station with tv voice overs
          that make an impact. listen
            now to demo tv promo voice over talent.
            



foreign language voice overs 
          we are a one stop voice over talent resource for all of your foreign
          languages and translation needs.  we offer voice overs in over
          48 different languages. our voice over talent professionals are all
          native language speakers.  choose
          your language and listen to demo foreign language voice overs now.



character voice overs 
          looking for a unique character voice over talent for roles, cartoons,
          gaming, and animation. we have voice overs for all of your needs and
          even celebrity impersonation voice overs. listen now to demos from
          our top character voice over talent now.


where to start on selecting your voice over talent for voice overs?
finding the right voice over talent for your voice overs is easy!   whether
  you need commercial voice overs which
  include tv, radio and internet voice overs for spots and your advertising;  narration
  services that consist of a narration recording long
  form text that is not broadcast, audio
  books, and documentaries for tv; voice
  mail greetings or voice overs for on hold or ivr; radio
  imaging for radio
  voice overs for radio jingles, sweepers, promos and id's; tv
  promo voice overs for news opens, topicals, promos and trailers; 
  character voice overs for gaming, animation
  or role play; or foreign
  language voice over talent  for virtually any voice
  overs you may need. 
we are  your one stop resource for professional quality
  voice overs that you've
  been looking for. with over 16 years of experience in finding and managing
  world class voice over talent, we make creating professional voice overs easy!
it's easy to get started
start today by just filling out our voice
    overs rate request form, submit the script for your voice overs and let
    us know any important information about the needs or use for your voice overs.
    then either choose a voice over talent from listening to the many online
    demos or ask about free voice over talent casting. when we provide voice
    casting, we'll have several voice over talents audition for you  within 24
    hours (exluding holidays and weekends).
once you choose the voice over talent for your project, email your final voice
  over script for a confirmed rate quote. you can expect your voice overs, depending
  on the size of the project, typically within 24 hours of payment. all major
  credit cards are accepted.
listen to sample or demo voice overs now!

narrators - voice overs for documentaries,
    tutorials, training, audio books, corporate presentations, multi-media, flash
    presentations, or e-learning projects
commercials
    - radio and television commercial voice overs, announcers, and voice actors
tv
    - tv voice overs - television promos and id's for station imaging and branding
 character
    voices - character voice overs and impersonations for spots, voice mail,
    animation
 radio
    - radio voice overs radio liners, radio sweepers and promos for station imaging
 telephony - voice overs for on hold
    narration, ivr, voice prompts, auto attendants, and portals
 foreign
    languages - 48 foreign languages, native speaker voice over talent 
    with accents or dialects
 kids - children voice over talent and teen voice
    over talent

do you need music and sound effects for your voice over project? find out more about our production services for voice overs.

top






 
	 
	






marketing maniathe place to shop for professional voice talent.
		





	• home 
	• commercial voice overs 
	• radio imaging 
	• tv promos/ids 
	• narration 
	• on hold/ivr/ voices 
	• character voices 
	• audio book voice talent 
	• production 
	• translation services
	• voiceover school 
	• voiceover marketing 
	• industry links 
	• contact us 
	•


copyright © marketing mania, inc.     designed by marketing mania, inc.







