










home - bartlett area chamber of commerce


























































  




















skip to content





















contact us  |  join us  |  member login

































































menu 
join today join the chamber why join a chamber membership options member benefitsbusiness directorythe chamber about us board & staff volunteering committees new member application photo gallery contact usfor our members marketing & sponsorship opportunities networking member to member discounts ribbon cuttings leads groupsliving here community volunteer opportunities area map bartlett park district chamber information civic organizations dining government hanover park district local weather religious organizations school district u-46 shopping veteran resources village of bartlett village of hanover parkevents chamber events member events community eventswhat’s new hot deals job postings in the newsmember spotlight








 















 
 


 
 


 
 






























welcome to the bartlett area chamber of commerce:






supporting bartlett, hanover park and surrounding villages
whether you are interested in having your business join the chamber, or you are a visitor trying to see what we have to offer, the bartlett area chamber of commerce dedicates time to create strong community partnerships to benefit businesses and potential customers.  people do business with people they know, like, and trust. in addition to providing networking, professional development, and promotional opportunities, the chamber of commerce also provides a strong voice in legislative issues and is an advocate for the business community.
have a stronger voice on behalf of our business community.
join the chamber today!
















 
directoryhot dealsmapnewseventsjoin here join the chamber











					directory				








					hot deals				








					map				








					news				








					events				








					join here				













































announcing our fall 2025 
chamber trip!
oliver from c.i. destinations will be giving a zoom presentation  thurs. jan. 16th at 5:30. sign up under events (right side of page) to be sent a link. feel free to forward to family and friends. sure to be another fabulous trip. 

 









click here for registation form








click here for northern lakes daily itinerary








click here for presentation video


















































have you seen our "meet a member monday" feature on the chamber facebook page?






























 



thanks to danielle yurik, btc yurik photography
and nico verzillo, fulton grace realty for spearheading this effort to support and feature chamber members to our community.
this free opportunity is being offered to members on a first-come, first-served basis! if you're interested in being featured in one of our posts, please fill out these two forms asap for scheduling:
interest form...
https://forms.gle/tlqdauhqhogboreva
sign up/availability...
https://forms.gle/9dgfaajzfwo4god6a
click on the featured members below to learn more:




 



















 





























































this is where we shine a light on local business, celebrate, and learn  more about our members in the community.  click on the image to learn more about associated bank



























member-to-member discounts can be a huge benefit to you, your family, and employees. this is also another way to feature your business and services, to aid in name recognition, and will identify you as a fellow chamber member.





















 
 
how will the bartlett area chamber benefit my business?
the bartlett area chamber is the voice of business, working to create value-added membership opportunities and a business climate that attracts new businesses and enhances growth and expansion opportunities for existing businesses. as the leading local advocate for business, the chamber helps create a climate of growth and success in which all companies - regardless of size or industry - can prosper.
learn more 



















 
 
2024 business & community resource guide
your guide to keeping it local
shop local • eat local • spend local • enjoy local
contact the chamber to see how to be included in our 2025 guide!
open community guide here 



















 
 
networking opportunities
join fellow chamber members, for great business networking opportunities. increase visibility, grow your customer base, and expand your referral network. membership has its privileges!
more networking opportunities 





















upcoming events


















welcome new members!



















our chamber group heading to china 2018














































































travel with the bartlett area chamber and residents from near and far. we're looking forward to heading to croatia spring 2025.registratin is now open for our fall 2025 trip to northern italy & the beautiful italian lakes.




















 












© 2025 bartlett area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












elite sponsors
















                                groot industries                            














                                hanover                            














                                mark your space                            














                                comed                            














                                village of bartlett                            













                                krd                            












                                closets by design                            
















platinum members















                                james p ryan                            












                                comcast                            












                                syedi's kitchen                            
















diamond members
















                                garry real estate                            














                                bartlett vision                            














                                north of the border                            














                                remax                            














                                care oncall                            













                                all about personnel staffing                            












                                dogfather                            












                                eye level learning                            












                                brittany stein re                            













                                inspire landscape                            






next
previous

















creating a thriving and vibrant business community.




















bartlett area chamber of commerce










335 s. main st. | bartlett, il 60103located in the bmo harris bank 










(630) 830-0324 










contact us 














































 © 

 bartlett area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















