


 

	pauls online math notes



















paul's online notes



view 


quick nav 


download 














this menu is only active after you have chosen one of the main topics (algebra, calculus or differential equations) from the quick nav menu to the right or main menu in the upper left corner.





classes

algebra


calculus i


calculus ii


calculus iii


differential equations

extras

algebra & trig review


common math errors


complex number primer


how to study math


cheat sheets & tables

misc
contact me
mathjax help and configuration





this menu is only active after you have chosen a topic from the quick nav menu to the left or main menu in the upper left corner.





print page in current form (default)
show all solutions/steps and print page
hide all solutions/steps and print page




home
classes
algebra

1. preliminaries

1.1 integer exponents
1.2 rational exponents
1.3 radicals
1.4 polynomials
1.5 factoring polynomials
1.6 rational expressions
1.7 complex numbers


2. solving equations and inequalities

2.1 solutions and solution sets
2.2 linear equations
2.3 applications of linear equations
2.4 equations with more than one variable
2.5 quadratic equations - part i
2.6 quadratic equations - part ii
2.7 quadratic equations : a summary
2.8 applications of quadratic equations
2.9 equations reducible to quadratic in form
2.10 equations with radicals
2.11 linear inequalities
2.12 polynomial inequalities
2.13 rational inequalities
2.14 absolute value equations
2.15 absolute value inequalities


3. graphing and functions

3.1 graphing
3.2 lines
3.3 circles
3.4 the definition of a function
3.5 graphing functions
3.6 combining functions
3.7 inverse functions


4. common graphs

4.1 lines, circles and piecewise functions
4.2 parabolas
4.3 ellipses
4.4 hyperbolas
4.5 miscellaneous functions
4.6 transformations
4.7 symmetry
4.8 rational functions


5. polynomial functions

5.1 dividing polynomials
5.2 zeroes/roots of polynomials
5.3 graphing polynomials
5.4 finding zeroes of polynomials
5.5 partial fractions


6. exponential and logarithm functions

6.1 exponential functions
6.2 logarithm functions
6.3 solving exponential equations
6.4 solving logarithm equations
6.5 applications


7. systems of equations

7.1 linear systems with two variables
7.2 linear systems with three variables
7.3 augmented matrices
7.4 more on the augmented matrix
7.5 nonlinear systems




calculus i

1. review

1.1 functions
1.2 inverse functions
1.3 trig functions
1.4 solving trig equations
1.5 trig equations with calculators, part i
1.6 trig equations with calculators, part ii
1.7 exponential functions
1.8 logarithm functions
1.9 exponential and logarithm equations
1.10 common graphs


2. limits

2.1 tangent lines and rates of change
2.2 the limit
2.3 one-sided limits
2.4 limit properties
2.5 computing limits
2.6 infinite limits
2.7 limits at infinity, part i
2.8 limits at infinity, part ii
2.9 continuity
2.10 the definition of the limit


3. derivatives

3.1 the definition of the derivative
3.2 interpretation of the derivative
3.3 differentiation formulas
3.4 product and quotient rule
3.5 derivatives of trig functions
3.6 derivatives of exponential and logarithm functions
3.7 derivatives of inverse trig functions
3.8 derivatives of hyperbolic functions
3.9 chain rule
3.10 implicit differentiation
3.11 related rates
3.12 higher order derivatives
3.13 logarithmic differentiation


4. applications of derivatives

4.1 rates of change
4.2 critical points
4.3 minimum and maximum values
4.4 finding absolute extrema
4.5 the shape of a graph, part i
4.6 the shape of a graph, part ii
4.7 the mean value theorem
4.8 optimization
4.9 more optimization problems
4.10 l'hospital's rule and indeterminate forms
4.11 linear approximations
4.12 differentials
4.13 newton's method
4.14 business applications


5. integrals

5.1 indefinite integrals
5.2 computing indefinite integrals
5.3 substitution rule for indefinite integrals
5.4 more substitution rule
5.5 area problem
5.6 definition of the definite integral
5.7 computing definite integrals
5.8 substitution rule for definite integrals


6. applications of integrals

6.1 average function value
6.2 area between curves
6.3 volumes of solids of revolution / method of rings
6.4 volumes of solids of revolution/method of cylinders
6.5 more volume problems
6.6 work


appendix a. extras

a.1 proof of various limit properties
a.2 proof of various derivative properties
a.3 proof of trig limits
a.4 proofs of derivative applications facts
a.5 proof of various integral properties 
a.6 area and volume formulas
a.7 types of infinity
a.8 summation notation
a.9 constant of integration




calculus ii

7. integration techniques

7.1 integration by parts
7.2 integrals involving trig functions
7.3 trig substitutions
7.4 partial fractions
7.5 integrals involving roots
7.6 integrals involving quadratics
7.7 integration strategy
7.8 improper integrals
7.9 comparison test for improper integrals
7.10 approximating definite integrals


8. applications of integrals

8.1 arc length
8.2 surface area
8.3 center of mass
8.4 hydrostatic pressure
8.5 probability


9. parametric equations and polar coordinates

9.1 parametric equations and curves
9.2 tangents with parametric equations
9.3 area with parametric equations
9.4 arc length with parametric equations
9.5 surface area with parametric equations
9.6 polar coordinates
9.7 tangents with polar coordinates
9.8 area with polar coordinates
9.9 arc length with polar coordinates
9.10 surface area with polar coordinates
9.11 arc length and surface area revisited


10. series & sequences

10.1 sequences
10.2 more on sequences
10.3 series - the basics
10.4 convergence/divergence of series
10.5 special series
10.6 integral test
10.7 comparison test/limit comparison test
10.8 alternating series test
10.9 absolute convergence
10.10 ratio test
10.11 root test
10.12 strategy for series
10.13 estimating the value of a series
10.14 power series
10.15 power series and functions
10.16 taylor series
10.17 applications of series
10.18 binomial series


11. vectors

11.1 vectors - the basics
11.2 vector arithmetic
11.3 dot product
11.4 cross product


12. 3-dimensional space

12.1 the 3-d coordinate system
12.2 equations of lines
12.3 equations of planes
12.4 quadric surfaces
12.5 functions of several variables
12.6 vector functions
12.7 calculus with vector functions
12.8 tangent, normal and binormal vectors
12.9 arc length with vector functions
12.10 curvature
12.11 velocity and acceleration
12.12 cylindrical coordinates
12.13 spherical coordinates




calculus iii

12. 3-dimensional space

12.1 the 3-d coordinate system
12.2 equations of lines
12.3 equations of planes
12.4 quadric surfaces
12.5 functions of several variables
12.6 vector functions
12.7 calculus with vector functions
12.8 tangent, normal and binormal vectors
12.9 arc length with vector functions
12.10 curvature
12.11 velocity and acceleration
12.12 cylindrical coordinates
12.13 spherical coordinates


13. partial derivatives

13.1 limits
13.2 partial derivatives
13.3 interpretations of partial derivatives
13.4 higher order partial derivatives
13.5 differentials
13.6 chain rule
13.7 directional derivatives


14. applications of partial derivatives

14.1 tangent planes and linear approximations
14.2 gradient vector, tangent planes and normal lines
14.3 relative minimums and maximums
14.4 absolute minimums and maximums
14.5 lagrange multipliers


15. multiple integrals

15.1 double integrals
15.2 iterated integrals
15.3 double integrals over general regions
15.4 double integrals in polar coordinates
15.5 triple integrals
15.6 triple integrals in cylindrical coordinates
15.7 triple integrals in spherical coordinates
15.8 change of variables
15.9 surface area
15.10 area and volume revisited


16. line integrals

16.1 vector fields
16.2 line integrals - part i
16.3 line integrals - part ii
16.4 line integrals of vector fields
16.5 fundamental theorem for line integrals
16.6 conservative vector fields
16.7 green's theorem


17.surface integrals

17.1 curl and divergence
17.2 parametric surfaces
17.3 surface integrals
17.4 surface integrals of vector fields
17.5 stokes' theorem
17.6 divergence theorem




differential equations

1. basic concepts

1.1 definitions
1.2 direction fields
1.3 final thoughts


2. first order de's

2.1 linear equations
2.2 separable equations
2.3 exact equations
2.4 bernoulli differential equations
2.5 substitutions
2.6 intervals of validity
2.7 modeling with first order de's
2.8 equilibrium solutions
2.9 euler's method


3. second order de's

3.1 basic concepts
3.2 real & distinct roots
3.3 complex roots
3.4 repeated roots
3.5 reduction of order
3.6 fundamental sets of solutions
3.7 more on the  wronskian
3.8 nonhomogeneous differential equations
3.9 undetermined coefficients
3.10 variation of parameters
3.11 mechanical vibrations


4. laplace transforms

4.1 the definition
4.2 laplace transforms
4.3 inverse laplace transforms
4.4 step functions
4.5 solving ivp's with laplace transforms
4.6 nonconstant coefficient ivp's
4.7 ivp's with step functions
4.8 dirac delta function
4.9 convolution integrals
4.10 table of laplace transforms


5. systems of de's

5.1 review : systems of equations
5.2 review : matrices & vectors
5.3 review : eigenvalues & eigenvectors
5.4 systems of differential equations
5.5 solutions to systems
5.6 phase plane
5.7 real eigenvalues
5.8 complex eigenvalues
5.9 repeated eigenvalues
5.10 nonhomogeneous systems
5.11 laplace transforms
5.12 modeling


6. series solutions to de's

6.1 review : power series
6.2 review : taylor series
6.3 series solutions
6.4 euler equations


7. higher order differential equations

7.1 basic concepts for nth order linear equations
7.2 linear homogeneous differential equations
7.3 undetermined coefficients
7.4 variation of parameters
7.5 laplace transforms
7.6 systems of differential equations
7.7 series solutions


8. boundary value problems & fourier series

8.1 boundary value problems
8.2 eigenvalues and eigenfunctions
8.3 periodic functions & orthogonal functions
8.4 fourier sine series
8.5 fourier cosine series
8.6 fourier series
8.7 convergence of fourier series


9. partial differential equations 

9.1 the heat equation
9.2 the wave equation
9.3 terminology
9.4 separation of variables
9.5 solving the heat equation
9.6 heat equation with non-zero temperature boundaries
9.7 laplace's equation
9.8 vibrating string
9.9 summary of separation of variables




extras
algebra & trig review

1. algebra

1.1 exponents 
1.2 absolute value
1.3 radicals
1.4 rationalizing 
1.5 functions 
1.6 multiplying polynomials
1.7 factoring
1.8 simplifying rational expressions
1.9 graphing and common graphs
1.10 solving equations, part i
1.11 solving equations, part ii
1.12 solving systems of equations
1.13 solving inequalities
1.14 absolute value equations and inequalities


2. trigonometry

2.1 trig function evaluation
2.2 graphs of trig functions
2.3 trig formulas
2.4 solving trig equations
2.5 inverse trig functions


3. exponentials & logarithms

3.1 basic exponential functions
3.2 basic logarithm functions
3.3 logarithm properties
3.4 simplifying logarithms
3.5 solving exponential equations
3.6 solving logarithm equations




common math errors

1. general errors

2. algebra errors

3. trig errors

4. common errors

5. calculus errors



complex number primer

1. the definition

2. arithmetic

3. conjugate and modulus

4. polar and exponential forms

5. powers and roots



how to study math

1. general tips

2. taking notes

3. getting help

4. doing homework

5. problem solving

6. studying for an exam

7. taking an exam

8. learn from your errors



misc links
contact me
links
mathjax help and configuration
privacy statement
site help & faq
terms of use



paul's online notes


home




show mobile notice

show all notes hide all notes

mobile notice
you appear to be on a device with a "narrow" screen width (i.e. you are probably on a mobile phone).  due to the nature of the mathematics on this site it is best viewed in landscape mode.  if your device is not in landscape mode many of the equations will run off the side of your device (you should be able to scroll/swipe to see them) and some of the menu items will be cut off due to the narrow screen width.





welcome to my online math tutorials and notes.  the intent of this site is to provide a complete set of free online (and downloadable) notes and/or tutorials for classes that i teach at lamar university.  i've tried to write the notes/tutorials in such a way that they should be accessible to anyone wanting to learn the subject regardless of whether you are in my classes or not.  in other words, they do not assume you've got any prior knowledge other than the standard set of prerequisite material needed for that class.  in other words, it is assumed that you know algebra and trig prior to reading the calculus i notes, know calculus i prior to reading the calculus ii notes, etc.  the assumptions about your background that i've made are given with each description below.
i'd like to thank shane f, fred j., mike k. and david a. for all the typos that they've found and sent my way!  i've tried to proof read these pages and catch as many typos as i could, however it just isn't possible to catch all of them when you are also the person who wrote the material.  fred, mike and david have caught quite a few typos that i'd missed and been nice enough to send them my way.  thanks again fred, mike and david!
if you are one of my current students and are here looking for homework assignments i've got a set of links that will get you to the right pages listed here.
at present i've gotten the notes/tutorials for my algebra (math 1314), calculus i (math 2413), calculus ii (math 2414), calculus iii (math 2415) and differential equations (math 3301) class online.  i've also got a couple of review/extras available as well.  among the reviews/extras that i've got are an algebra/trig review for my calculus students, a complex number primer, a set of common math errors, and some tips on how to study math.
i've made most of the pages on this site available for download as well.  these downloadable versions are in pdf format.  each subject on this site is available as a complete download and in the case of very large documents i've also split them up into smaller portions that mostly correspond to each of the individual topics.  to get the downloadable version of any topic navigate to that topic and then under the download menu you will be presented an option to download the topic.
here is a complete listing of all the subjects that are currently available on this site as well as brief descriptions of each.
cheat sheets & tables 
algebra cheat sheets - this is as many common algebra facts, properties, formulas, and functions that i could think of.  there is also a page of common algebra errors included.  there are two versions of the cheat sheet available.  one is full sized and is currently four pages.  the other version is a reduced version that contains exactly the same information as the full version except it has just been shrunk down so two pages print of the front and two pages print on the back of a single piece of paper.
trig cheat sheets - here is a set of common trig facts, properties and formulas.  a unit circle (completely filled out) is also included.  there are two versions of the cheat sheet available.  one is full sized and is currently four pages.  the other version is a reduced version that contains exactly the same information as the full version except it has just been shrunk down so two pages print of the front and two pages print on the back of a single piece of paper. 
calculus cheat sheets - these are a series of calculus cheat sheets that covers most of a standard calculus i course and a few topics from a calculus ii course.  there are four different cheat sheets here.  one contains all the information, one has just limits information, one has just derivatives information and the final one has just integrals information.  each cheat sheets comes in two versions.  one that is full sized and another that has been reduced, with exactly the same information as the full sized version, that prints two pages on the front and/or back of each page of paper.
common derivatives and integrals - here is a set of common derivatives and integrals that are used somewhat regularly in a calculus i or calculus ii class. also included are reminders on several integration techniques.  here are two versions of the cheat sheet available.  one is full sized and is currently four pages.  the other version is a reduced version that contains exactly the same information as the full version except it has just been shrunk down so two pages print of the front and two pages print on the back of a single piece of paper. 
table of laplace transforms - here is a list of laplace transforms for a differential equations class.  this table gives many of the commonly used laplace transforms and formulas.  it is currently two pages long with the first page being the laplace transforms and the second being some information/facts about some of the entries.

  
class notes
all of the classes, with the exception of differential equations, have practice problems (with solutions) you can use for practice as well as a set of assignment problems (without solutions/answers) for instructors to use if they wish.
algebra (math 1314) [notes] [practice problems] [assignment problems] - topics included in this set of notes/tutorial are :
	
preliminaries - exponent properties, rational exponents, negative exponents, radicals, polynomials, factoring, rational expressions, complex numbers
solving equations and inequalities - linear equations, quadratic equations, completing the square, quadratic formula, applications of linear and quadratic equations, reducible to quadratic form, equations with radicals, linear inequalities, polynomial & rational inequalities, absolute value equations & inequalities.
graphing and functions - graphing lines, circles, and piecewise functions, function definition, function notation, function composition, inverse functions.
common graphs - parabolas, ellipses, hyperbolas, absolute value, square root, constant function, rational functions, shifts, reflections, symmetry.
polynomial functions - dividing polynomials, zeroes/roots of polynomials, finding zeroes of polynomials, graphing polynomials, partial fractions.
exponential and logarithm functions - exponential functions, logarithm functions, solving exponential functions, solving logarithm functions, applications.
systems of equations - substitution method, elimination method, augmented matrix, nonlinear systems.

the algebra notes/tutorial assume that you've had some exposure to the basics of algebra.  in particular it is assumed that the exponents and factoring sections will be more of a review for you.  also, it is assumed that you've seen the basics of graphing equations.  graphing particular types of equations is covered extensively in the notes, however, it is assumed that you understand the basic coordinate system and how to plot points.

calculus i (math 2413) [notes] [practice problems] [assignment problems] - topics included in this set of notes/tutorial are :
	
algebra/trig review - trig functions and equations, exponential functions and equations, logarithm functions and equations.
limits - concepts, definition, computing, one-sided limits, continuity, limits involving infinity, l'hospitals rule
derivatives - definition, interpretations, derivative formulas, power rule, product rule, quotient rule, chain rule, higher order derivatives, implicit differentiation, logarithmic differentiation, derivatives of trig functions, exponential functions, logarithm functions, inverse trig functions, and hyperbolic trig functions.
applications of derivatives - related rates, critical points, minimum and maximum values, increasing/decreasing functions, inflection points, concavity, optimization
integration - definition, indefinite integrals, definite integrals, substitution rule, evaluating definite integrals, fundamental theorem of calculus
applications of integrals - average function value, area between curves, solids of revolution, work.

the calculus i notes/tutorial assume that you've got a working knowledge of algebra and trig.  there is some review of a couple of algebra and trig topics, but for the most part it is assumed that you do have a decent background in algebra and trig.  these notes assume no prior knowledge of calculus.

calculus ii (math 2414) [notes] [practice problems] [assignment problems] - topics included in this set of notes/tutorial are :
	
integration techniques - integration by parts, integrals involving trig
		  functions, trig substitutions, integration using partial fractions, integrals
		  involving roots, integrals involving quadratics, integration strategy, improper
		  integrals, comparison test for improper integrals, and approximating definite
		  integrals.
applications of integrals - arc length, surface area, center of mass/centroid, hydrostatic pressure and force, probability.
parametric equations and polar coordinates - parametric equations & curves, calculus with parametric equations (tangents, areas, arc length and surface area), polar coordinates, calculus with polar coordinates (tangents, areas, arc length and surface area).
sequences and series - sequences, series, convergence/divergence of series, absolute series, integral test, comparison test, limit comparison test, alternating series test, ratio test, root test, estimating the value of a series, power series, taylor series, binomial series
vectors - basics, magnitude, unit vector, arithmetic, dot product, cross
		   product, projection
three dimensional coordinate system - equations of lines, equations of planes, quadratic surfaces, functions of multiple variables, vector functions, limits, derivatives, and integrals of vector functions, tangent vectors, normal vectors, binormal vectors, curvature, cylindrical coordinates, spherical coordinates

the calculus ii notes/tutorial assume that you've got a working knowledge calculus i, including limits, derivatives, and integration (up to basic substitution).  it is also assumed that you have a fairly good knowledge of trig.  several topics rely heavily on trig and knowledge of trig functions.

calculus iii (math 2415) [notes] [practice problems] [assignment problems] - topics included in this set of notes/tutorial are :
	
three dimensional coordinate system - equations of lines, equations of planes, quadratic surfaces, functions of multiple variables, vector functions, limits, derivatives, and integrals of vector functions, tangent vectors, normal vectors, binormal vectors, curvature, cylindrical coordinates, spherical coordinates
partial derivatives - limits, partial derivatives, higher order partial
		  derivatives, differentials, chain rule, directional derivatives, gradient.
applications of partial derivatives - tangent plane, normal line, relative extrema, absolute extrema, optimization, lagrange multipliers.
multiple integrals - iterated integrals, double integrals, double integrals in polar coordinates, triple integrals, triple integrals in cylindrical coordinates, triple integrals in spherical coordinates, change of variables, surface area.
line integrals - vector fields, line integrals with respect to arc length, line integrals with respect to x and y, line integrals of vector fields, fundamental theorem of line integrals, conservative vector fields, potential functions, green's theorem, curl, divergence.
surface integrals - parametric surfaces, surface integrals, surface integrals of vector fields, stokes' theorem, divergence theorem.

the calculus iii notes/tutorial assume that you've got a working knowledge calculus i, including limits, derivatives and integration.  it also assumes that the reader has a good knowledge of several calculus ii topics including some integration techniques, parametric equations, vectors, and knowledge of three dimensional space.

differential equations (math 3301) [notes]   - topics included in this set of notes/tutorial are :
	
first order differential equations - linear equations, separable equations, exact equations, equilibrium solutions, modeling problems.
second order differential equations - homogeneous and nonhomogeneous second order differential equations, fundamental set of solutions, undetermined coefficients, variation of parameters, mechanical vibrations
laplace transforms - definition, inverse transforms, step functions, heaviside functions, dirac-delta function, solving ivp's, nonhomogeneous ivp, nonconstant coefficient ivp, convolution integral.
systems of differential equations - matrix form, eigenvalues/eigenvectors, phase plane, nonhomogeneous systems, laplace transforms.
series solutions - series solutions, euler differential equations.
higher order differential equations - nth order differential equations, undetermined coefficients, variation of parameters, 3 x 3 systems of differential equations.
boundary value problems & fourier series - boundary value problems, eigenvalues and eigenfunctions, orthogonal functions, fourier sine series, fourier cosine series, fourier series.
partial differential equations - heat equation, wave equation, laplace's equation, separation of variables.

these notes assume no prior knowledge of differential equations.  a good grasp of calculus is required however.  this includes a working knowledge of differentiation and integration.

reviews & extras
algebra/trig review - this is an algebra review and trig review
	  that was originally written for my calculus i students. it it still geared mostly 
	  towards calculus students with occasional comments on how a topic
	  will be used in a calculus class. however, anyone needing a review of some
	  of the basic algebra, trig, exponential functions and logarithms should find
	  the information of use.
	  
	not all the topics covered in an algebra or trig class are covered in this
	review. i've mostly covered topics that are of particular importance to students
	in a calculus class. i have included a couple of topics that are not that important
	to a calculus class, but students do seem to have trouble with on occasion.
	as time permits i will be adding more sections as well.
the review is in the form of a problem set with the first solution containing detailed information on how to work that type of problem.  later solutions are usually not as detailed, but may contain more/new information as required.

complex number primer - this is a brief introduction to some of the basic ideas involved with complex numbers.  the topics covered are a brief review of arithmetic with complex numbers, the complex conjugate, modulus, polar and exponential form and computing powers and roots of complex numbers.
	  
	note that this primer does assume that you've at least seen some complex numbers prior to reading.  the purpose of this document is go a little beyond what most people see when the first are introduced to complex numbers in say a college algebra class.  also, this document is in no way intended to be a complete picture of complex numbers nor do i cover all the concepts involved (that's a whole class in and of itself).

common math errors - as with the algebra/trig review this
	  was originally written for my calculus i class. however, only one of the five
	  sections that i've given here directly addresses the topic of calculus. the
	  other four sections are more general errors or cover algebra and trig errors.
	  there are a couple of calculus examples in the first four sections, but in
	  all of these cases i've also tried to provide non calculus examples as well.
	
	this portion of the site should be of interest to anyone looking for common
	math errors. if you aren't in a calculus class or haven't taken calculus you
	should just ignore the last section.

how to study math - this is a short section with some advice
	  on how to best study mathematics.

  




        [contact me] [privacy statement] [site help & faq] [terms of use]
      

© 2003 - 2025 paul dawkins

page last modified : 10/9/2023






