italian style frozen meatball manufacturer | rosina food productsclose about rosinahistorymissionculinologycommunity / newsconsumersoverviewwhere to buyour brandsrosinacelentanoitalian villagemama luciarecipesspecial offersfaq'scontact consumer products divisionfoodserviceingredientsoverviewproductsmeatballs & pizza toppingsiqf pastaresearch & developmentinternationalcontact usjoin our teamwhere to buypoliciesfacebookinstagramyoutubepinterest  english (us)español (puerto rico)español (latinoamérica)skip to content× search for:  search   rosina food products  english (us)español (puerto rico)español (latinoamérica)| join our team | where to buyfacebookinstagramyoutubepinterestabout rosina historymissionculinologycommunity / newsconsumers overviewwhere to buyour brands rosinacelentanoitalian villagemama luciarecipesspecial offersfaq'scontact consumer products divisionfoodserviceingredients overviewproducts meatballs & pizza toppingsiqf pastaresearch & developmentinternationalcontact usthere’s nothing more italian than meatballs, pasta, and enjoying them with family and friends. for 60 years, that’s been at the heart of rosina food products – a family-owned company, honoring a real italian family tradition, to bring you real italian goodness.whether you’re enjoying a great meal at home, lunch at the office, even dinner at your favorite restaurant, you’ll find the real italian style of the brands of rosina food products, delicious, nutritious, and easy-to-prepare.learn more about rosina food products          take a peek at some of our most popular products, or click on the pictures to learn more!rosina italian style meatballsrosina offers six varieties of meatballs including its traditional italian style. made with a blend of beef, pork, and chicken. rosina italian style meatballs are oven-baked for a healthier choice.rosina homestyle meatballsrosina offers six varieties of meatballs including homestyle. made with beef, pork, chicken and the right amount of romano cheese. rosina homestyle meatballs are oven-baked for a healthier choice.rosina angus beef meatballsrosina offers six varieties of meatballs including its angus beef meatballs. made with 100% usda premium angus beef. these 1 oz. meatballs are oven-baked for a healthier choice.rosina gluten-free italian style meatballsrosina offers six varieties of meatballs including gluten free italian style. made with beef, pork and chicken, and imported pecorino romano cheese. rosina gluten free meatballs are oven-baked for a healthier choice.rosina swedish meatballsrosina offers six varieties of meatballs including swedish. made with a blend of the finest beef and pork, perfectly seasoned with hints of nutmeg and allspice. rosina swedish meatballs are oven-baked for a healthier choice..rosina turkey meatballsrosina offers six varieties of meatballs including turkey. these meatballs are made from the finest ingredients including turkey, breadcrumbs, eggs and italian spices. rosina turkey meatballs are oven baked for a healthier choice.buffalo style chicken meatballsmade with all white meat chicken and seasoned with tangy buffalo spices.previous nextcelentano large round cheese ravioliour cheese ravioli are filled with a romano and ricotta cheese blend. made with only the highest quality ingredients.celentano gluten-free cheese ravioliour gluten-free cheese ravioli is a tender freshly made pasta stuffed with a cheese blend delicately spiced to perfection.celentano cavatelliour cavatelli product is made with high quality ingredients such as finely milled fancy enriched durum flour, grade a eggs and all 100% artificial free colored dough.celentano large round beef ravioliour large round beef ravioli are tender and freshly made stuffed with a beef blend filling that is delicately spiced to perfection.celentano cheese tortelliniour cheese tortellini is free of artificial flavors, colors and preservatives. our cheese tortellini consists of a blend of ricotta and romano cheese, which enhance the flavor of the rich and creamy filling.previous nexteasy access to hundreds of delicious, easy-to-prepare meatball and pasta recipes – featuring appetizers, soups, sandwiches, entrées, and more!cheese tortellini with spinach, tomatoes, and mushroomsmeatball, caramelized onion and gorgonzola pizzagreek turkey meatball gyro with tzatzikirosinarecipes.comcelentanorecipes.commeet “team goodness”the members of our culinary team, led by chef brian muscarella, are dedicated to delivering real italian goodness to consumers and foodservice clients alike.learn more about the rosina culinary teamcheck out our new foodservice recipe videos, featuring corporate chefs from our rosina culinary team. in just a few minutes you’ll learn how to prepare the latest in culinary-inspired goodness featuring the full line of rosina products.   view now© 2025 rosina food products, incpolicies