








stamp link - philately, stamp collecting's best site in its category
















the world's
hottest stamp collecting sites
  
welcome. stamplink is designed to promote philately by leading those
collecting stamps directly to relevant philatelic sites without search engines.
many excellent stamp collecting sites, including lists of links to various
stamp collecting resources, are on the internet, so rather than duplicating
those sites, these "stamp links" take you directly to the very best
of them. use this site as a jump-off platform to other philatelic sites on the
internet. save one of the stamplink pages with a bookmark in your favorite places now, because you will soon be leaving here and want to
come back when you lose your way, reach a dead end, or just want to find more
links. these links will be updated regularly and additional pages added to
ensure that you quickly find the best the stamp collecting world has to offer
on-line. click on the sites button above for a review of major stamp sites and for links to their home-pages. the world's hottest stamp collecting sites below by-pass their home-pages and go directly to
the best page in that site covering the specified subject category.  click
on the links button above for additional meta
links on roger pearce's stamp links page. 



find the value
of your stamps for a small fee. 
stamp collecting basics -
learn about how and what to collect, the condition and handling of postage
stamps, postmarks, stamp albums, soaking stamps,
etc. and at some time you may need to refer to a stamp dictionary
to find out what some of those often-seen terms mean exactly, or maybe you need
to identify the country origin of a stamp. many
countries no
longer exist. if you've just inherited a collection, get informed through
this beginner's corner.
also here is a "catalog"
of all countries that currently issue or have once issued stamps but now no
longer exist. 
albums and
supplies - large stamp collecting supply company. free 90 page accessory
catalog. 
country-specific
- find other stamp links within your country of interest. 
philatelic
periodicals - current publications in print. 

philatelic books - catalog of
philatelic books listed by topical themes.  
philatelic
museums and libraries - listed by country with descriptions of
contents.  
philatelic clubs and societies
- listed alphabetically.  
postal
administrations - for direct ordering of new issues of postage stamps
on-line or use postal addresses for  postal administrations that aren't currently on the
web.  there have also been over 700
stamp issuing entities
many of which have ceased issuing or no longer exist. 
stamp
dealers and traders - many have catalogs available  
stamp
auctions - auction or buy auctioned stamps internationally. some of these
sites have on-line bidding and/or are supported by scanned photos. 

stamp shows - thousands of
shows worldwide can be located by country, state and province.  
http://www.topicalsonstamps.com/
of various private collectors categorized by theme. see this blog discussion of
thematic
collecting and exhibiting.  some sites specialize in specialty stamp
topics such as postmarks or
an explanation
of watermarks on the back of stamps. 
. 

back to top  



please e-mail your suggestions for any of the pages
contained within stamp link directly to the web master, roger
pearce, roger @ stamplink.com.  site sponsored by pearce & associates who provide financial consulting and
accounting services in
southern california.
.
. see also my family genealogy site here.
family rated by: r
   
visitors to site since oct 2000
  
. copyright 
1997-2010 [stamplink©]. all rights reserved.
this page 
revised: 
feb 18, 2010.
this site
revised: 
feb 18, 2010.



