



  




live butterfly larvae & butterflies for wedding releases from butterfly nursery





































































 











$0.000

go to the shop








home
live butterfly kits
live butterfly larvae
live butterfly releases
butterfly supplies
christmas trees

bill’s fresh christmas trees


our story
contact
 









dear butterfly friends,
happy new year!  we wish you health and happiness in 2025.
we want to thank all of our butterfly friends for your loyalty (even during the tough times), friendship, and your continued support for us over the 26 years we have been growing butterflies.
we are very grateful for all of the schools and educators that have put their faith in us every spring. it has been an honor to help you teach each child the magic of metamorphosis.
with mixed feelings, we have decided to retire.  we will miss connecting with you and we will miss growing butterflies and bringing joy and excitement to everyone. 
it’s time for us to spend time with our children and grandchildren during the summer. it’s time to give back to our community.  we are excited for the next step in our lives.
the good news!!
jodi hopper at wish upon a butterfly will be selling all of our products. jodi has been growing butterflies for as long as we have and she is amazing!  we are so grateful and relieved to leave you in her hands.
we didn’t want you to be left without a butterfly source.  it was very important to us that you continue to receive the same great customer service (with very little disruption to your life).
we have provided her with all the info about you (we do not collect or share any payment information that you may have given us).  she will know exactly what you ordered last year.  she will be able to provide you with everything you used to get from us.  you will recognize the larvae kits and refills on her website.
you can call her and she will answer the phone.  
our website, https://www.butterflynursery.com will still have the links for butterfly growing kits and butterfly larvae refills and butterflies.  those links will take you directly to wish upon a butterfly.  you will be able to find all of our products on her website.
in the near future, our website, https://www.butterflynursery.com will offer a video course on how to raise butterflies for profit and bill will publish a how to raise butterflies for profit book with pictures and growing schedule calendars. if you interested, please email us at abutterflynursery@gmail.com
we wish you the best in the coming years. thank you for letting us be part of your joys and sorrows, successes and setbacks.  butterflies bring everyone together. they bring light and love and they provide comfort and delight.  it has been an honor to be part of your life.
many thanks,    bill and laurel
butterfly nursery, inc
abutterflynursery@gmail.com
 
please call:
jodi hopper
wish upon a butterfly
419 mt. air rd.
new castle , pa  16102
724-651-7496
https://www.wishuponabutterfly.com
https://www.butterfliesandblueberries.com
 

https://www.butterflynursery.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/congratulations-class-of-2020-1.mp4
we are butterfly nursery, inc since 1998
 
butterfly releasesbutterfly growing kitslive larvae refills


why is it ok to release live butterflies?









© 2024 butterfly nursery 






 































