


tolkien library: find rare tolkien books online






























home






search
contact
shop



 




j.r.r. tolkien & his works
collecting tolkien books
articles & reviews 
news headlines
tolkien book shop
support us


















 books
tolkien calendar 2016: illustrated by tove janssontove jansson illustrated the hobbit for the swedish and finnish editions, creating a dozen enchanting full page drawings plus many smaller vignette pieces. the artwork is now going to be featured in the official tolkien calendar for 2016. how exciting is that? read article articles
the amateur lord of the ringsone has to ask why the lord of the rings is so popular. what are its peculiar qualities? time and again it tops, or is a runner up with honours, in various best book reader-voted contests. what is in it that it reaches out to so many. what is it about the book and its writer that pierces and reaches so many? read article articles
j.r.r. tolkien a writer of noteresearch has shown that students' reading book choices are highly dependent on trending movies or even series. this means that a little known book can become an overnight success due to a great movie adaptation. read article articles
why tolkien's books are so popular among the studentsit is an indisputable fact that despite the today's increase in the children's books with urban fantasies, the tolkien's fantasy books still hold the number one position in children's reading lists. read article books
the world first publication of a previously unknown work by j.r.r. tolkien,the story of kullervoharpercollins have officially announced the world first publication of a previously unknown work of fantasy by j.r.r. tolkien, which tells the powerful story of a doomed young man who is sold into slavery and who swears revenge on the magician who killed his father. read article store
rare the history of middle earth, all 3 limited deluxe editions in publishers slipcasemost history of middle-earth limited editions come each in an individual slipcase, but this set is one of the very few sets that was released with all three volumes together in one slipcase. this rare set is now available in the tolkienlibrary store. read article collecting
signed copy of the hobbit sells for record at auctiona first edition copy of j.r.r. tolkien's the hobbit was sold at sotheby's auction house in london for 137,000 sterling pounds. this more than doubled the world record and makes this copy of the hobbit the most expensive in the world. read article articles
on the shores of the shoreless seabuilding on his recent investigations into the relationship of middle-earth to tolkien's scholarly search for the lost traditions of the ancient english tribes, simon j. cook now looks to tolkien's famous essay 'on fairy stories'. the result is a journey into the very heart of tolkien's creative imagination. read article collecting
new collector profile added - giulio torlaii'm very happy to announce the collector profile of giulio torlai, a medical doctor and tolkien collector, who collects unique and rare tolkien books. he considers himself an uncommon tolkien collector, since he never focused on particular editions. especially rare special italian rebindings of tolkien books are at the hearth of his collection. read article reviews
back to the past - simon j. cook on tolkien and historysue bridgwater reviews simon cook's essay j.r.r. tolkien's lost english mythology and urges anyone truly interested in tolkien's work to be sure to read it. read article articles
will we ever see the silmarillion on the big screen?in december, with the release of the hobbit: the battle of the five armies, peter jackson finishes his the hobbit trilogy. for some time now fans wonder if there isn't one more work of tolkien that peter jackson could adapt to big screen. the silmarillion, preceding both the hobbit and the lord of the rings, is the project many desire to see adapted to film. but will it happen? read article books
the adventures of tom bombadil revised and expanded editiongreat news for all. this week we see the publication of the revised and expanded edition of the adventures of tom bombadil. this book brings us tolkien's own hobbit-inspired poetry and includes previously unpublished poems and notes, and is beautifully illustrated by narnia artist pauline baynes. read article articles
the many faces of thranduilwhile much recent hype about peter jackson's the hobbit: the desolation of smaug has been focused on the captain of the wood-elf guard, tauriel, little has been said of her boss, king thranduil of the woodland realm. tedoras brings us the full history of thranduil, and a rather different image of the king of greenwood the great emerges. read article books
the hobbit and the lord of the rings: deluxe pocket boxed setthe four-volume, deluxe pocket boxed set contains j.r.r. tolkien's epic masterworks the hobbit and the three volumes of the lord of the rings (the fellowship of the ring, the two towers, and the return of the king). each book features a leatherette cover with stamped title and all four books. read article articles
beyond birthdays: an exploration and analysis of letter 214if any book so illuminates the man, his deepest thoughts and truest character, it is the letters of j.r.r. tolkien. tedoras explores tolkien's letter 214 that centers, most intriguingly, on the notion of birthdays; specifically, the notion of who gives whom a present in hobbit culture. read article articles
darkness tangiblein the following thought provoking essay alex lewis and ruth lacon bring an answer to the question: is the fact that tolkien is an artist and paints pictures some part of what makes him create in the way that he does? read article books
beware of pirated pdf copies of the tolkienaeumthe tolkienaeum is the fourth volume in a series on j.r.r. tolkien's legendarium by tolkien researcher mark t. hooker. the author wrote us that only the llyfrawr paperback edition of the tolkienaeum is published with his consent and cooperation. those who approve of courtesy (at least) to living authors will purchase it and not download the pdf. beware! read article news
announcing the 2015 beyond bree calendar!beyond bree is producing a new calendar for 2015! this calendar will be a very special one because it marks the 30th year since the publication of the first beyond bree calendar. the theme is mortal heroes and heroines of middle-earth and we're celebrating the anniversary with extra art! read article reviews
tolkien's triumph: the strange history of 'the lord of the rings'simon cook reviews john lennard's tolkien's triumph, an ebook that consists of four solid chapters, which include much interesting background relating to the astonishing popular success of the lord of the rings. read article articles
the educational value of esperanto: the word of tolkien in the british esperantistoronzo cilli is an italian scholar who made a careful study of british and international esperanto magazines of the first half of the twentieth century, containing still unpublished interesting details that reveal tolkien's active role to promote esperanto in the thirties. read article books
the iron parachute by cor blokthe iron parachute is a graphic novel written and designed by cor blok which is going to be published by oloris publishing in toronto, canada. in contrast to cor blok's tolkien paintings, the iron parachute is entirely in black and white. read article interviews
interview with the wizard jef murraybrandon young interviews the critically acclaimed and internationally-known artist, illustrator, storyteller and wizard, jef murray. his illustrations of the characters and scenes we find in tolkien, lewis and george macdonald have a capacity for capturing the ineffable. this is why he likes to call him, simply, the wizard. read articlemore articles 



tolkien books collecting resource
"one ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them..." j.r.r. tolkien, the fellowship of the ring


the hobbit and the lord of the rings, may be the most important and influential fantasy books ever published. next to these, tolkien wrote and published an enormous amount of other books: farmer giles of ham, smith of wootton major, roverandom, mr. bliss, children of hurin, legend of sigurd and gudrun... to name some. 
the aim of this website is to show all books which are currently inside the tolkien library. this will give a very good idea of how many books have contributions by the professor and how many fantastic works he actually has written.
once in a while i will write reviews on upcoming books published, or general reviews or thoughts. also you can find all about how to collect tolkien books. 
tolkien news, events and interviews
"there is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. you certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after." j.r.r. tolkien

      there is always something happening, either there is published a new book about tolkien, like the history of the hobbit or the tolkien guide and companion, there is released a brand new book like the children of hurin and the legend of sigurd and gudrun, made a movie adaptation of the lord of the rings and the hobbit. this site will be reporting on all latest book news, do reviews and interviews with the authors and artists. if you have tolkien news, want a book to be reviewed or want to promote an event, just contact me.

read a good book and learn about the author

      if you are looking to find more about all books written by j.r.r. tolkien, read his biography or listen to the voice of the author, please enjoy this site and learn more about the professor, the inventor of hobbits and the creator of a new mythology - as seen in the hobbit and the lord of the rings!


shop for rare books

the tolkien library store always has a large amount of rare and collectible tolkien books up for sale. these always have a high collectible value and are of the finest on the market. available are both the uk and us editions, original cloth bindings, custom cloth bindings, and signed / numbered / limited editions. rare items are also available, including books and letters signed by j.r.r. tolkien, proof copies and books from the author's personal library. earn your high school diploma online at excel high school.

if you are looking for original bindings of the hobbit, deluxe editions of the lord of the rings, signed tolkien books, a special edition of the children of hurin, a limited edition of the hobbit, rare tolkien ephemera, signed deluxe editions, fairy tales from the professor or custom rebound copies of the lord of the rings, the hobbit, the silmarillion, this book store has always a good stock. we are specialized in the most unique the hobbit, the lord of the rings, the silmarillion, the children of hurin books.

      not all items are on display in the book store, so please do not hesitate to make requests about special items you are trying to find. whatever you are looking to buy or sell, we will always try to help.

please choose the category of books you are interested in: 

original cloth bindings  - custom cloth bindings  - signed / numbered / limited editions  - rare tolkien items - other tolkien collectables .


get your paper ready with paper writing service from paperwriter. get research paper writing help from an essaypro professional or pay writepaper for writing a paper. looking to pay someone to write your essay? domyessay.com is your best bet! this service employs only proficient writers and guarantees excellent results. write my essay with essayservice and see your grades skyrocket! for superior results and expert assistance, rely on the best essay writing service by topessaywriting.org, your partner in academic excellence.





copyright & policies 
site map
contact us
about
useful links





