




swimming pool supply company

























home (current)
about us 

about us
about sps
photo gallery


hot tubs 

hot tubs
lsx/legend spas
twilight spas
clarity spas
getaway hot tubs



swim spas 

swim spas
michael phelps swim spas
h2x swim spas


pools 

above ground pools
stealth
doughboy
embassy
inground pools
imperial



service
contact us
online store


























previous



next








| iowa's oldest and largest dealer of pools, hot tubs & swim spas |
swimming pool supply can turn your backyard into paradise with a pool, hot tub or swim spa to meet all your needs! from start to finish and beyond, we work with you every step of the way to make your dream become a reality. we also offer a full line of chemicals and a computerized water testing lab to keep your pool or hot tubs ready for you to enjoy.






| featured brands |





michael phelps signature swim spas





h2x swim spas





twilight series spa





getaway hot tubs







clarity spas





michael phelps legend series





doughboy above ground pools





embassy above ground pools







stealth semi-inground pools





imperial inground pools






| testimonials |




great team at sps.  they are very helpful and quick to get back to me when i have questions.  they built an in-ground pool for me and kept their promises the whole way through.  i would recommend them for your pool and spa needs!
john sweeney from google reviews




have been talking with salespeople for 2 years and they were extremely helpful and understanding. not pushy at all and understood it was a very big purchase. we have a 6 year old boy with special needs that loves the water. they were able to find us a swim spa that meets our needs and is an amazing energy release for our son. the store has coached me through the chemical process because i know very little about this. we are very thankful for the professional service pre and post purchase. i highly recommend!
ron scott from  google reviews




we decided in july to put in an above ground pool. sps was able to get it in yet this fall so next summer we will be ready to relax! i called several times and they answered all my questions. deb was helpful each time i called. jeff came out when he was supposed to - even called because he was running 10 minutes late and answered more questions and gave great advice. the electrical they recommended was great. the guy who did the dig was nice and did an amazing job. pat was fabulous! he kept me posted all day long as i was at work and the weather wasn’t cooperating. it was so nice to not sit at work and wonder what was happening. pool looks great! and emily was so patient and helpful in explaining the balancing process. overall a great experience! i think i have connected with everyone that works for or with sps at this point and i have been thrilled with every interaction. i would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone!!!
melonie wallace from google reviews





previous



next





check out our online store
online store







connect
facebook
master spas youtube channel
doughboy pools youtube channel


contact
515-986-3931 
888-778-7665 

financing available



location
3850 s.e. capitol circle, grimes, iowa 50111




holiday hours:
					closed thursday, friday, and saturday for the holiday.
hours:
					monday-friday: 9:00am-5:00pm
					saturday: 9:00am-12:00pm
					sunday: closed


© 2020 swimming pool supply company. all rights reserved.








 