ï»¿




scarlett rose's celtic & more












 

welcome to scarlett rose's celtic & more!

	since 1998, the ultimate quilter's resource for celtic quilt designs worldwide!










scarlett's newsletter



			enter your email address in the box and click the subscribe button
		
















information



announcements



digital patterns








			all about scarlett 

			scarlett rose,quilt teacher
scarlett's
			
workshops & lectures brochure
scarlett is happy to do zoom lectures without 
			requiring a companion workshop booking. if you need a substitute 
			zoom speaker on short notice, please contact her to see if she can 
			help. please choose from among all lectures in her
			latest youtube video.
looking for info about zoom for yourself, for your group 
					or guild? try the
					
					global quilters connection. watch scarlett's tip in the
					when to mute yourself
					video.
listen to
					
					paula's interview with scarlett on
					
					a quilter's life.

scarlett's schedule

			scarlett's workshop and lecture sample pictures- updated!
get scarlett's
			
workshops & lectures brochure, a 3.5mb pdf.
contact scarlett now to book her zoom 
					or in person lectures and workshops for 2025 and beyond. 
					scarlett is also available for quilt judging. view her
			resume. check her schedule for confirmed 
					dates. get your guild's choice locked in before someone else 
					grabs it!
watch this fun quilter's 
			mashup on youtube, featuring my mayflower paperpieced (fpp) 
			mug rug pattern at 1:25 minutes into this 3:20 minute video.

					scarlett is uploading even more quilts to the
					
					california heritage quilt project collection on quilt 
					index. check her
					
					artist page often to see what she's documented for posterity. 
					quilts, quilt tops, quilted garments, quilted items and 
					quilt block collections are all acceptable! scarlett would 
					be happy to lecture or teach by zoom about quilt documentation for 
					your guild.

					if you're a california quiltmaker, have quilts made in or 
					brought to california, you can use the
					
					online quilt submission form and enter your work in the chqp 
					collection. several helpful pdf downloads offer detailed 
					information about the submission form, how to take and 
					format your own cell phone photos and a submission form file 
					for offline use.





news for february 

					have a look at all of scarlett's colorful
					
					108 inch panel prints,
					
					72 inch panel prints, 
					
					bed size quilt block panel prints! f scarlett has the
					
					2025 colors collection,
					
					purple modern collection and the
					
					forever blues collection, with plenty of gorgeous panel 
					prints to choose from!! machine quilt with your choice of 
					designs or have any of these gorgeous panels custom quilted by your favorite 
					longarmer.




					here's the
					
					72 inch star medallion in 2025 colors, printed on 
					spoonflower's 116 inch wide 3.5 oz. cotton sateen. trim for 
					a square quilt medallion or use the whole panel for a rectangular 
					quilt. buy 2 yards of the 116 wide 3.5 oz cotton sateen to 
					get this complete panel medallion and more! scarlett is 
					having the frontier quilters hand quilt this beautiful 
					panel! they're looking forward to no seams to stitch 
					through!!

					want some borders or binding 
					fabric? 
					coordinating solid color yardage is available for 
					ordering at the same time so the print dye lot matches.




					buy 3 yards of
					
					compass blues c 3 yd to make up 
					to a king size quilt (108" x 108" with 
					3 yards of 116 inch wide 3.5 oz. cotton sateen) trim the 
					panel print as desired, add single, pieced or multiple 
					borders with matching solid color yardage ordered at the 
					same time as the panel print, or choose fabric from your 
					local quilt shop for a classic look. custom quilt the panel to make your quilt the 
					perfect cover for your bed.

					follow scarlett on instagram 
					@scarlettrosedesigner to see her journey as she works on 
					her exciting new projects.




celtic & bias applique digital patterns 1
fpp & patchwork digital patterns 2
elemental spirits bom 3
hearts & homes & trees series block 
			patterns 1
more hearts & homes & trees series 2

hearts & homes & yards & trees series 3
celtic embroidery & cross stitch digital 
			patterns





other shops





buy scarlett's unique quilt digital patterns in scarlett's 
			etsy shop!

					scarlett has a
					
teepublic shop for quilters who enjoy collecting 
					totebags, t-shirts, stickers, mugs, magnets and other quilt 
					themed items! they have sales fairly often, so have a look 
					and see what you can't live without.

					see scarlett's patchwork, applique and celtic designs that 
					are perfect for yourself, your family and friends, or for 
					gifts.


scarlett's print on demand spoonflower shopsee what's new! scarlett's 
			modern prints, pillow ticking stripes, celtic style 
			prints, faux patchwork prints and original artwork, with matching solids, 
			are perfect for clothing, bedspreads, quilts, wallhangings, pillows, 
			any home dã©cor and all other craft uses printed on your choice of fabrics 
			ranging from cottons (gauze, quilting, denim), linen, knits, minky, 
			fleece to velvet.

			see samples of scarlett's
					komebukuro bags with 
					her bold line embroidery. here's a
					
					chocolate brown ticking stripe bag, made with triangles 
					cut from among 36 different
					
chocolate brown ticking stripe prints. 


scarlett's quilt designs on honest fabric


			gemstone rings - 3 sizes, 4 colorways


					gemstone rings is scarlett's bed size design 
					printed by
					
					honest fabric. choose from 51" x 60", 68" x 80" or 88" x 
					104" sizes and four colorways. for machine quilters and 
					longarmers, this stunning solid color design is perfect for 
					your creativity with colorful and decorative threads, and 
					all kinds of quilting patterns. embelllishers can do their 
					own thing with plenty of space.




celtic quilter's gallery
			new quilt pictures!
contact, shipping & 
			site info 


celtic & more full color catalog free to 
			download from google drive! approx. 11mb in size. 

				this site was originally designed by scarlett rose on june 24, 1998


1998 
				- 2025scarlett rose all rights reserved.




last revised january 29, 2025
i design my quilts and fabric prints in
				
				eq8!


					scarlett rose's celtic & more on facebook
interested in 1940s/wwii history? see where 
			scarlett went to learn about 
rosie the riveter 
				at the museum in richmond, california.

two brand new lectures created from scarlett's 
			family history! find the descriptions 
here.
			


visit scarlett rose's celtic & more on 
			pinterest.






scarlett is a board member of the 
					california heritage quilt project. this group is 
					reviving  its mission to document 
					california quilts and quilters. see some of scarlett's quilts in the
					
					california heritage quilt project collection on the 
					quilt index. please visit the 
					chqp to 
					sign up for more information or visit their
					
					facebook page. enter your own quilt into the
					
					quilt index.  




scarlett is 
			excited to have been involved with the northstate quilts programs she co-produced 
			with kixe, her pbs station in northern california. 
			the episodes were the celtic 
			quilts, united 
			we quilt, monkey 
			wrench quilts and 2006: 
			a look back. 


visit scarlett's
			zazzle shop 
			to shop her products featuring her celtic and patchwork prints.






free celtic plaid 
				quilt pattern! please visit the celtic plaid
				gallery to see the design and get the download 
				link.






san kamon for inklingo

did you know that scarlett's san kamon 
				pattern is compatible with linda franz's
				
				inklingo technique? please visit the
				
				inklingo for san kamon page on linda's site to see for yourself! 
				scarlett's lucky four patch, is also available as a
				printed pattern or an
				e-pattern! visit the
				gallery for this stunning 
				quilt! 











[
					
					previous 5 sites |
					
					previous |
					
					next ]
					this quilt a round siteowned by
					scarlett rose's celtic & 
					more. 
[
					
					next 5 sites |
					
					random site |
					
					list sites ] 






back to top 



