








the fly baby home page









updated october 2023





 




















  























  pb100:  re-booting the fly baby














bowersflybaby.com


the unofficial fly baby home page

maintained by ron wanttaja (ron@wanttaja.com)
      this web page is for those interested in the bowers fly baby
          homebuilt aircraft. this page is for information only, and is
          not affiliated with the owner of the rights to the flybaby
          design. 
what's new?

facebook















































































          page




general information

    this section discusses general aspects of the fly baby design. 
    contents:
    why a fly baby? 
description and specifications 
wood and welded parts suppliers 
some real-world performance numbers 
engines 
cost estimates 
results of the builder survey
downloading the free plans

 why a fly baby?
    face it. you can page through the aerocrafter guide
    , or pick your way through the kitplanes december issue, and find a
    lot of homebuilts that are faster, sleeker, and newer than the fly
    baby.
    why not build one of them, instead of a 40-year-old-design? 
the answer lies in your own flying habits. 
why do you want an airplane? will you be making regular
      trips for long distances? carrying passengers? blasting up to high
      altitudes? 
or are you just looking for a fun, knockaround airplane?
      something that doesn't cost much to own? something that you can go
      sightseeing in without breaking the bank on fuel costs. something
      more substantial than an ultralight or ultralight-based design. 
take an honest look at the way you fly an airplane now.
      do you just make "hundred dollar hamburger" runs on the weekends?
      do you fly just for the joy of flight? do you generally go by
      yourself? 
then maybe...maybe...a fly baby might be the plane for you. 
they're cheap as dirt to operate. our eaa chapter operated pete
      bowers' prototype as a club airplane from 1987 to 1994. rarely did
      our yearly maintenance bill exceed $100. that's not a typo... one
      hundred dollars.  even today, my airplane costs me,
      generally, less than $500 a year in maintenance.  including
      hiring an a&p for the yearly condition inspection.

the major drawback: fly babies don't come in kits. you carve
      every piece of wood; bend every bit of metal. yet the fly baby is
      designed to be as simple as possible to build. eaa judges rate
      aircraft at fly-ins, not only on how well the builder did, but on
      how difficult the airplane was to build. the fly baby has always
      occupied the "easiest" category...even in today's modern kit era.
      they go together like a big balsa-wood model. you don't even have
      to build-up ribs like most wood homebuilts. instead, you stack up
      sheets of plywood and "gang-saw" them all at once on a bandsaw. 
by not buying a kit, you save tons of money. even today, one can
      probably build a fly baby (less engine) for $6,000 or less. even
      though it doesn't come as a kit, a lot of the major parts (fuel
      tanks, engine mounts) come from the j-3 cub, and companies like
      wag-aero and univair still sell these parts. 
it's not "tab a into slot b" kitbuilding. but the fly baby was
      the seminal eaa project; it was the first (and so far, only)
      design ever to win an eaa design competition. eaa essentially cut
      its teeth on fly babies. if you need help building one, assistance
      is as close as your nearest eaa technical counselor. 
return to main menu



description and specifications
    the fly baby is a single-seat, open cockpit, folding-wing monoplane
    powered by engines ranging from 65 to 100 hp. it was originally
    designed in 1960 to compete in the first (and so far, only eaa
    design competition). it is built primarily of wood, with fabric
    covering. most are powered by continental a-65, c-75, c-85, or o-200
    engines. performance is sprightly; a bit better than that of, say,
    an aeronca champ.
    while a single-seat airplane, the fly
      baby isn't small. it has a wingspan just two feet less than a
      cessna 150. it's got a big cockpit. pete bowers is six feet two
      inches tall, and i weigh about 250 pounds. that gives you an idea
      of the range of sizes that can be accommodated. 
the fly baby can be built as a biplane as well as a monoplane.
      the two monoplane wing panels are replaced by four smaller ones,
      plus a center section for the top wing. the aircraft can be
      switched back and forth between versions in about an hour, but it
      does take a helper. the biplane, while cool in concept, doesn't
      really offer too much. it's slower, and the wings don't fold.
      still, its swept-back upper wings make it look a bit like a bucker
      or tiger moth in the air, so if you'd really rather have a
      biplane, the fly baby would do the trick. 
the monoplane/biplane issue is more than a wing swap...there are
      some internal braces and external tangs that have to be added to
      the fuselage. you can do this once the fuselage is done
      (the prototype was converted after completion), but it is, of
      course, easier during construction. 
switching back and forth between the wings takes two people about
      an hour. this assumes the rigging has already been set. while i
      helped on a wing swap, i never flew the biplane version. other
      than appearances, there isn't much advantage. it's slower, and
      glides at an even steeper angle. 
in monoplane or biplane configuration, the fly baby does meet the
      us rules for sport pilot.  in
      the united states, you do not need an faa medical to fly a fly
      baby.
with the plans off the market, building a biplane is
      difficult.  however, you might be able to buy a used set of
      plans.  in any case, my advice is to build a monoplane first,
      to have something to fly, and build the biplane wings in your
      spare time after the first flight. the biplane wings take longer
      to build, since there are four panels and a center section, and
      they're swept rather than straight. if you build the monoplane
      wings first, you'll have something to fly while building the extra
      wings. 

return to main menu 
some real-world performance numbers
    howard jones from perth, australia, was involved with the completion
    of an o-200 powered fly baby, and sent along the following
    performance figures. note that this is with a 100 horsepower
    engine. these were the measured results from a field at 50 foot
    elevation during a 68-degree (f) day, with no wind:
    distance of ground run 265 feet/81 metreslift off to 50' 450 feet/137 metrestotal distance 715 feet/218 metresadd 30% safety factor = 925 feet/283 metres take off distancespeed at 50ft 57 mph/50 kias50' to touchdown 640 feet/196 metresground roll 660 feet/201 metres (moderate braking)add 30% safety factor = 1700 feet 516 metres recommended landing distance.suggested minimum runway distance for this aircraft: 1975 feet/600 metres.
    [rjw note: this seems reasonable. a 2,000 foot runway is pretty much
    my threshold of "pucker factor". i've landed in shorter fields, but
    they take good concentration. if you've got unobstructed approaches,
    the 660-foot ground roll is definitely doable.]
    best rate of climb speed 57 mph/50 knots iasrecommended 69 mph/60 knots iastakeoff safety speed 63 mph/55 knots ias
    [rjw note: the best rate speed seems a bit slow. i've been using 65
    mph for best rate, but haven't actually run a flight test on it. i
    like the extra speed buffer over stall.]
    maximum level speed 112 mph/97 knots iasmaximum climb rate 1300 ft per minute at 50 kiasnormal climb rate 1000 ft per minute at 60 kias
    [rjw note: don't forget, these figures are with a 100 hp engine!]
    return to main menu 
engines
    bowers recommends continentals between 65 and 85 horsepower. the
    biggest engine i've heard of is a lycoming o-290 (~125 hp). the
    'baby isn't a fast airplane by any stretch of the imagination, so
    bigger engines don't really buy you much. you're better off with the
    lighter weight (and lower fuel burn) of the little continentals.
    on the subject of the continentals, both 'babies i've flown have
      been powered by the c-85. i've formated on a-65 powered versions.
      the performance difference was marked, especially considering i
      was heavier than the pilots flying the 65 hp versions. tom staples
      has replaced his a-65 with a c-85, and his daughter reports that
      his cruise went from 80 to 95 mph and his rate of climb from 500
      to 1000 fpm! 
other engines
    there's no reason at all you couldn't fly a fly baby on a rotax 532
    or 582. these engines are considerably lighter than the
    continentals, though, so you'll need a longer engine mount for cg.
    might look a bit goofy. these two engines are only 65 hp, though.
    volkswagens are too anemic. draggy airplanes need large
      propellers, and your typical vw ends up with a little 42"
      toothpick to be able to turn the 3400 rpm where it produces 65 hp.
      vw-powered 'babies have flown, but the owners soon convert them to
      continentals. 
an rotax 912 (four cylinder four stroke) would be ideal, if
      you've got the $$$$$ to buy one. 
personally, i'm somewhat taken by some of the smaller auto-engine
      conversions. i've met the designer of the stratus
      subaru conversion a number of times, and think the engine has
      excellent possibilities as a fly baby powerplant. 
an examination of fly baby engine options can be found on the engines page. 
return to main menu

plans

when pete bowers passed away, he left his entire collection to
      seattle's museum of flight.  it included a set of original
      plans from 1965.  

the museum has scanned in the plans, and they are available for free












        download.  you can read them online, or click the
      "download" button.  be advised, the file is over 100 megs in
      size, so it'll take a bit to download.

old version of the plans?  not to worry...back in 2004,
      wolfgang dertnig put together a list of plans












        changes over the years.

plus... the 1965 edition of the plans is almost identical to the
      eaa magazine articles, which means the pb100












        material dove-tails in, nicely.

suppliers
    here's a list of suppliers that carry fly baby-specific sort of
    parts. this doesn't constitute an endorsement; this isn't an
    "approved" list. but they might be good starting point. the customer
    must make his or her own decision as to the airworthiness and value
    of the items mentioned.
    those who like to get an idea of the total order size required
      can check out this attempt at a representative materials list.  it's in
      microsoft excel format. 
aircraft spruce and
        specialty sells practically all the individual components,
      and materials
























































































        kits to provide all the raw materials. 
wicks aircraft is a
      well-liked supplier of a wide variety of homebuilding
      materials.  they also have materials
























































































        kits.

some wood sources: 

 chesapeake light
        craft sells boat kits, but supposedly has some of the lowest
      wood prices around 
boulter plywood is
      located near boston, and is recommended by one of our new england
      builders.

    probably the best source of fly baby goodies are unfinished projects
    and fly markets. there are still a number of unfinished projects out
    there...i once called on one that was essentially complete, less
    engine. the owner wanted only $1,000 for it. 

also available:  downloads/reprints
      of the fly baby bulletin
    back in the late '60s, hayden ferguson published a newsletter for
    fly baby builders.  hayden has kindly provided me with a clean
    copy of all the newsletters, and permission to reprint them.
    this are of pretty good interest to fly baby builders. 
      there are a number of hints and suggestions, and a total of 200
      pages (printed double-sided, so there are only 100 sheets). 
      be advised there is an equal amount of "what joe smith is working
      on now" sort of information...vital and informative when the
      newsletter is mailed out, but of less use to builders thirty years
      later.  it's fun to read, though. 
steve pitts took the old bulletins and converted them to adobe
      acrobat format (.pdf).  you can now download them for free. 
      also, i've still got a few hard copies left, if you would
      prefer.   i'm selling these for $20, us postage paid. email me for ordering
      information. 


cost estimates
building cost (updated sept 2006)
one of the main reasons the fly baby was so popular in the 1960s
      is its low-cost construction.  back then, aircraft-quality
      wood was still in wide production, and huge stocks of aircraft
      hardware (like turnbuckles) had been produced during the war and
      were still being sold at low prices. 
unfortunately, in the 45 years since, things have changed. 
      it used to be that wood was cheap but alumimum was expensive;
      that's no longer the case.  the surplus turnbuckles are long
      gone, and the new production stuff is quite a bit costlier. 
in september, 2006, dirk chubbic of san jose, california, took
      the bull by the horns: 
"i got my aircraft spruce and specialty catalogue
        recently and spent some time pricing fb construction.  i
        started with the materials list
        from ron's site and plugged in prices from as&s, using the
        lowest prices when a choice was necessary (e.g. cad plated vs.
        stainless bolts).
"the total was about $8,125. 
"of course, that doesn't include engine, fuel tank/lines,
          prop, instruments, covering, paint or even glue.  it's
          just the airframe and fittings.  of course, a good
          scrounge/bargan hunter can do it for less, but i think that's
          a good benchmark, just in case somebody asks."

    since the fly baby is plans-built (e.g., no complete kit) the cost
    of construction varies from builder to builder. some folks opt for
    all new hardware, some haunt the fly markets for good deals. 
    as dirk says, his pricing assumes new parts (albeit the lowest-cost
    new parts) exclusively.  if you scrounge, or buy
    partially-completed aircraft, you can do a lot better.
    the price can go higher, too.. if you decide to add stuff like an
      electrical system, radios, and a transponder, you'll add quite a
      bit to the cost of the airframe. 
as far as engines go, check trade-a-plane for prices. a good c-85
      will probably run ~$3,000-$4,000. a run-out will go for quite a
      bit less, and you can overhaul it yourself. a wood prop will run
      $600 or so. 
operating costs 
fly babies are very cheap to run.  my c-85 burns ~5 gallons
      an hour of $5.00/gallon car gas. that's $25 an hour, plus a bit
      more for oil. hangar costs vary widely, but you can probably get
      your fly baby under cover for ~$300 or less per month.  don't
      tie the plane outside for long periods--it isn't good for it.

liability insurance (only) costs about $300/year. 

return to main menu 


links to other web pages on fly babies and
      fly baby-like homebuilts:

 



while robert s. hoover wasn't building a fly baby, he was a
          champion of those who want to build low-cost wooden
          airplanes.  he'd written numerous articles on the
          subject.  while he passed away in 2010, his blog is still
          up.
 fly baby ++.  frank stutzman's
          thoughts on a tandem fly baby concept plane.
william david is building crowbird, a two-seater
          inspired by the fly baby.
the buckeye
            pietenpol association runs a page for this "grand old
          dame" of homebuilding. the piet is a parasol-winged two-seater
          dating back to the 1930s.


social media

the new fly baby email
          list.  yahoo crippled their groups function in 2019,
        so we have migrated the list to groups.io.

the fly
          baby facebook (fb^2) is pretty active, with pictures
        regularly being posted.



 


bowersflybaby.com index
    for overall categories of information on these pages, go back to the
    top of this page.  this index provides a bit of
    cross-referencing, where a given topic might be discussed in several
    places.
    aerobatics

aerobatics
























































































        and the fly baby:  an editorial

accidents: 
detailed report: n2695 
detailed report:  n96mg 
detailed report:  n101lx 
ntsb summaries
avionics (see also electronics)
panel-mounting a handheld
        radio
antennas for fly babies
wind-powered generators
ron's avionics box
building an
        adaptor to use a commercial headset with an aircraft radio
      converting a russian helmet - part 1
      and part 2
instrument panel pictures
homemade under-helmet headset

the above link has a lot of background on how my headset
          evolved.  if you *just* want to read how to build one,
          never mind all the side routes, check the condensed version.


improving the volume level when
        using a handheld radio with aviation headsets
installing bnc connectors on antenna
      cables.
ads-b and the fly baby
      converting a c85-12 from the delco generator and regulator to a b&c alternator.

biplanes: 


the fly baby biplane


bracing:
aerobatics and the fly
        baby:  an editorial
all those wires!  a look
      at alternative wing-bracing schemes 
overall discussion 
      a look at wing-failure accidents:

n2695 
n96mg 
n101lx

a wing-folding guide 
      a strut-braced fly baby, courtesy
      of miguel
        tschopp's web page.  this airplane was built in
      argentina, and miguel's web page includes the official drawings
      needed for approval by the local faa-equivalent. 
split-axle landing gear
cantilever wings (eliminating
      the bracing wires)

calendar

every year, i generate a calendar that features fly baby
      pictures.


comfort:
a guide to open-cockpit
        comfort
ear protection 
original seat write-up 
more on seats
warmth and general comfort 
eric whittred's seat design 
fly babies for the big and tall 
the webmaster's new clothes 
the belly inspection panel 
scarves
goggles
how to add a canopy
converting a surplus russian flying
        helmet to fly baby use
follow-up:  adding ipod ear buds to the
        russian helmet

elevator trim 
how to add a baggage compartment
a skosh more room.  a simple
      modification that gives you another inch of legroom.
      trim systems:
fly baby
          rigging and trim
adding a classic elevator trim
          system
adding a paddle-type trim
          system

do-it-yourself ejection seat
leather jackets for the
        open-cockpit aviator
      modifying the cockpit coaming for
      more room.
      building an under-helmet headset.
      all about leather helmets
 
 

electronics/avionics
battery installation 
panel-mounting a handheld radio 
ron's avionics box 
      wind generators

 an overview
ian cameron's installation


surviving without an electrical
        system
a low-cost radio antenna
instrument panel pictures
installing an electronic tachometer
rebulding a fly baby electrical
        system
including lots of good information
        for those working from scratch

installing bnc connectors
      building an under-helmet headset.
improving the volume level when
        using a handheld radio with aviation headsets
 

engines:
the engines page 
engine options 
maintenance problem reports 
survey results on engine
        selections 
harry fenton on engines 
starter clutch problems 
remote-release tail hooks as a
        hand-propping aid 
battery selection and location
trouble-shooting electrical system
        problems
adding an auxiliary fuel tank
adding a starter to an a65

flight simulator
fly baby model for microsoft
        flight simulator 
fly baby model for vehicle
        simulator
a radio-controlled fly baby for $40
flying advice/reports:
aerobatics and the fly
        baby:  an editorial
flying advice (general) 
nouvelle classique (pilot report
      by webmaster) 
punkin (biplane pilot report by
      chris eulberg) 
      jerry david's account of the first
        flight of his own fly baby bipe 
      chuck davis' report of his
      first flight in the fly baby he bought. 
v-speeds. 
preflight/pretakeoff checklists

the fly baby and sport pilot 
fly baby bulletin
      downloads.  pilot reports, builder reports, etc. from the
      1960s.
folding wings
a wing-folding guide
for sale
aircraft and
        components 
t-shirts and other gear 
pre-buy inspections for used fly babies
instruments

panel
        photos
installing an electronic tachometer
building a fun meter


        landing gear and brakes
how the landing gear is part of the wing bracing system 
      how about tri-cycle gear? 
      rolling your own goodyear brake pads

tailpost problems and their
      correction. 
a discussion on split axles. 
      drew fidoe on care and feeding of maule sfsa tailwheels. 
rotating tires
split-axle landing gear
what size tires for a fly
        baby?
replacing goodyear wheels with grove
        wheels


light sport aircraft
the fly baby and sport pilot
magazine articles
bibliography 
nouvelle classique (kitplanes
      pilot report by webmaster) 
fly baby bulletin
      downloads.  pilot reports, builder reports, etc. from the
      1960s.
microsoft
fly baby model for microsoft
        flight simulator
patches
ordering jacket
        patches
painting
painting a fly baby with
        latex house paint 
drew's ten-year
          update

three-view drawing for working on
      paint schemes (works better if you right-click and save to your
      own disk)
      getting the wwii army air force
        markings right.

people
    here
    are some fly baby folks that either i've written up, or we've got
    data from other sources. in addition, the owners themselves tell
    their own tales, too, on the stories page.
francis



        londo built one of the first customer fly babies.
jim wilson
      was just 17 when he flew his fly baby from idaho to alaska
dale weir,
      as a teenager, was pete bowers' photographer for many of the
      classic air-to-air shots of the first fly baby
drew
        fidoe discusses how he took his fly baby from hangar-crushed
      wreck to a replica british fighter
      back in 1973, bob carlisle decided to set some
      international records in his fly baby
      and of course peter



        m. bowers

poetry
a poem for
          old tail dragger pilots, by wendell davenport
he
        wanted to fly, by robert gellock

pictures
dale




        weir's collection.  a great sampling of early fly baby
      photos.
index to fly baby photo albums 
      "altered states" - doctored
      photos 
arlington 40th anniversary event 
flabob 40th anniversary event 
videos 
fly baby-related artwork 
three-view drawing
insrument panels
fly baby persona for firefox
      not photos, but sketches of a
      fly baby under construction
slightly weird pictures.  like
      "altered states", but not edited.
fly baby memes
      aviation artist bob parks drew this fantastic, large illustration
      of an rc fly baby.

pilot reports
list of pilot reports
a record-breaking fly baby
pilot operations handbook (poh). 
      that's a word version so you can edit it and insert your own
      values.  here's a pdf for those who
      just want to look at it.
fly baby vs. pietenpol

parts:
building a fly baby
        using the free eaa magazine articles
commercial suppliers 
making your own goodyear brake pads

cheap 'n easy gap seals 
materials list 
list of plan revisions

plans

seattle's museum of flight has the 1965












          version of the plans available for free download.
list of plan revisions
      the pb100 companion guides
      dovetail nicely with the museum of flight's free download

propellers:
survey results on
        propeller selections 
propeller selection:  that ol'
        black magic
rebuilding a fly baby
this old plane 
      - drew fidoe's rebuilding notes
safety
aerobatics and the fly
        baby:  an editorial
condition inspection checklist
the safety page 
fly
baby
























































































        weight and balance spreadsheet
pilot operations handbook (poh). 
      that's a word version so you can edit it and insert your own
      values.  here's a pdf for those who
      just want to look at it.
heat-induced control jamming.
the pete bowers heresy
third-party reports
      regarding fly baby structural safety
re-rigging the flying wires

simulator
fly baby model for microsoft
        flight simulator
fly baby model for vehicle
        simulator

sport pilot
the fly baby and sport pilot
stories
the stories page
structural issues
the bracing page 
      english translation of finnish
























































































        load-test report
third-party analysis in
      2022

suppliers
 commercial vendors 
materials list (excel
      spreadsheet)
tailwheels
drew fidoe on the care and feeding of the maule tailwheel.  pdf
      file. 
tail post repair 
tailwheel springs
technical issues
the advice page (for
      folks new to the fly baby world) 
tech talk (more in-depth technical
      material) 
list of plans revisions 
the fly baby and sport pilot 
this old plane - drew
      fidoe's restoration notes 
fly baby bulletin
      downloads.  pilot reports, builder reports, etc. from the
      1960s.
adding elevator trim
adding an auxiliary fuel tank
fly baby rigging and trim
cantilever wings

tires, wheels, and axles (see also "tailwheels")
tire rotation on fly babies

split axles 
tailwheel springs
tire and wheel selection for
        fly babies
replacing goodyear wheels

transport

trailer required for
      carrying a fly baby

trim and rigging:

fly baby
        rigging and trim
adding a classic elevator trim
        system
adding a paddle-type trim
        system

        videos
in-flight videos with
      external cameras
links to youtube and other
      videos
ron's


        fly baby history presentation, videoed by eaa chapter 818

webinar:
link to the fly
        baby webinar hosted by eaa


weights:
design weight (see the text on the
      figure) 
survey results on empty weights

typical weight of individual
        components
windshields
plexiglas or
        lexan?  one-piece or three-piece?
how to add a canopy

wood
wood selection and
        testing (pdf file) 
wood suppliers 
wood construction links 
robert "veeduber"
        hoover's blog

what's new
19 october 2023

goodness, gracious, where does the time go.  someone pointed
      out i hadn't updated the page for nearly an entire year!  in
      the last year, i've given over a dozen presentations on several
      subjects (including the fly baby, of course!) and haven't really
      wanted to face my computer sometimes.

eaa chapter 818 actually videoed my fly baby presentation, and
      it's online!

biggest news is the addition of the dale weir photo collection. 
      dale, as a 14-year-old, was handed pete's camera and plopped into
      the back seat of a j-3 to photograph pete in the fly baby
      prototype in flight.  some fantastic pictures came out of
      that, not just of the fly baby on the ground.  i'm tickled
      pink dale let me scan in these photos...some of them we've seen
      before, but never in this level of sharpness and detail.

ten new stories!

also, i added a new index section for stories about other fly baby owners.

10 november 2022

my policy is to disseminate any safety information about fly
      babies, good or bad.  a long-time member of the fly baby
      community sent me this
        report covering his concerns about the wing bracing.

yeah!  the 2023 fly baby calendar
      is out.

speaking of wing bracing, i replaced









        my flying wires this summer.

i had the carb heat control knob drop on on my airplane.  see how i fixed it.

10 february 2022

yeee-haw!  when pete bowers passed away, he left his entire
      collection to seattle's museum of flight.  it included a set
      of original plans from 1965.  the museum has scanned in the
      plans, and they are available for free












        download.  you can read them online, or click the
      "download" button.  be advised, the file is over 100 megs in
      size, so it'll take a bit to download.

old version of the plans?  not to worry...back in 2004,
      wolfgang dertnig put together a list of plans changes over the years.

plus... the 1965 edition of the plans is almost identical to the
      eaa magazine articles, which means the pb100












        material dove-tails in, nicely.

between the museum of flight's file, and the pb100 material,
      builders will have all the information they need.

for free.

needless to say, the fly baby community is ecstatic over
      this.....

7 december 2021
starting out with a great picture of ian cameron's fly
      baby.  the shot was taken by his friend, don lewis.

the 2022 calendar is up!

i've been remiss in adding picture of newly-completed fly babies
      and a few of older airplanes that have turned up.  they're on
      the 12th sheet of the photo section.

three new stories!  a nice fall flight to a local
      landmark, a short treatise on paying













        attention, and a little bit about the fly baby's black sheep relative.

and... a bit more information on seats.

28 september 2021

added a great pilot report
        by iain macdonald.

26 september 2021

leadoff photo is an atmospheric winter shot from hans teijgeler.

i was shocked to discover that i hadn't added pictures of jim katz's newly-completed fly
        baby to the web page.

this should serve as a reminder to both y'all and me:  i
      want to include everyone's fly baby on the pictures pages. 
      if your plane isn't there, send me some good photos and i'll add
      them.  even if it's a fly baby you used to own, i'll add it.

four stories added,
      as well.


        10 may 2021

with the pandemic, some folks were concerned that i hadn't
      updated the page for a while.  all's well here; it's just
      that with the reduction in travel, me and the fly baby aren't
      getting out to new places and new adventures.

a couple of things folks might find interesting:

the leadoff picture is not a fly baby; it's pete's other design,
      the two-seat "namu ii."  i've
      done some research and collected as much information as i
      can.  no, i haven't found any plans for it.  don't ask.

over the years, i've struggled with my fly baby's delco generator
      and regulator.  i finally got fed up, and replaced it with a
      b&c alternator and voltage
        controller.  went pretty smooth, with just a few
      glitches.

also, whether or not a post a notice here, i do update the fly baby calendar every year.  i
      do notify the folks on the mailing list and the facebook page.

12 august 2020

the airplane on the front this time is jim katz's n502f...which,
      as you can see, has a paint job identical to that of the original
      prototype.

still in the midst of the covid-19 pandemic.  fly baby
      owners are prepared, though....


biggest news this time is that a man in british columbia is
      offering add-on starter kits
      for a65s.  price for a ready-to-bolt-on unit is about $1100
      us.

bunch of new stories,
      too.

13 january 2020

added a write-up on the legal issues and options regarding ads-b out in a fly baby.

16 december 2019

the yahoo groups function has been pared way back, so we've
      changed the email list to groups.io.
12 november 2019

the fly baby is the famous winner of the 1962 eaa contest, but is
      it the pretender to the throne?

i've written a lot about how to stay warm while flying a fly
      baby, now here's the ultimate guide
























        to open cockpit comfort.

i pick up some remedial
        education.

a guy wanted to know just how to build a low-profile headset like
      i use on my fly baby, but the original write-up had a lot of
      extranous material.  i put together a condensed version to make it
      easier.

the belly panel makes it easy to access the bottom of the cockpit
      from under the airplane, but it makes maintenance
























        access easier from above, as well.

weird noises in any vehicle, airplane, car, whater, bug the heck
      out of me.  ban the bonk is
      about chasing down one such.....

pb100 is essentially complete.
      i've got guides written for the first 11 of 14 eaa articles. 
      the last two are on fabric covering, and the other is on
      assembly.  the eaa magazine article covers assembly pretty
      well, and the covering information is pretty much out of
      date.  i may try to put something together on these in the
      future, but it won't be soon.

back in the '60s, aviation artist bob parks worked with pete
      bowers at boeing.  parks did a great large-scale drawing of a
      radio controlled fly baby.

the 2020
























        calendar is out!

return to main menu 
        


