










am-boss access ladders •


































































































 



















03 9310 8788
amboss@ambossaccessladder.com.au



0 items
 












residential ladders
commercial ladders
fire-rated ladders
learn more

about am-boss
case studies

adelaide apts
delcon
university college
mt macedon winery
pivotal
faila group


installation guides


contact us
my account
 





select page


  
 



 



 















attic laddersone ladder, endless possibilitiesadaptable solutions for every need.
view range








reliable ladderspremium materials built to lastbacked by our 20-year warranty.
view range








custom laddersstyle and functionalitycustomised to fit without compromising on aesthetics.
view range










residentialeffortless access to yourattic or roof space.
discover



commercialmanufactured withsafety in mind.
discover



fire-ratedengineered to withstandextreme fire conditions.
discover















our range of access ladders includes roof access ladders, folding attic ladders, premium attic and custom access ladders, commercial-grade ladders and fire-rated access ladders. these ladders are designed to provide safe and convenient access to your attic or roof space. our roof access ladders are safe and reliable for accessing any roof while our folding attic ladders feature a compact design that allows for easy storage when not in use. the premium attic and custom access ladders are made with high-quality materials to ensure durability and stability and come in a range of materials and colours. for enhanced safety, our fire-rated access ladders are designed to meet rigorous fire safety standards. choose from our selection of attic ladders and access ladders to find the perfect solution for your attic access needs.











100% australian-made since 1979









am-boss access ladders has been a trusted leader in safe, reliable access solutions since 1979. we specialize in designing, manufacturing, and installing premium pull-down attic ladders, fixed access systems, and fall arrest systems across australia and worldwide. proudly 100% australian owned and operated, our products are built to comply with the building code of australia and are codemark certified, ensuring the highest standards of safety and quality. our versatile ladders are found in homes, commercial buildings, government facilities, and even remote locations like antarctica. with decades of expertise, we offer bespoke solutions to fit any space, backed by a generous 20-year warranty.    read more





your safety, our priority

certified access ladders that meet the highest safety standards.

the importance of safe ladder access when working at height cannot be understated. ladder falls have been identified as both a leading cause of death for people working at height and a common cause of brain injury.
when it comes to ladder specification, user safety and compliance are front of mind. there are also a number of additional considerations we take into account, such as load capacity, durability and ease of installation. by making an informed decision, amboss can ensure we select the right ladder for your specific purpose, saving time and money during construction.
check out our safety white papers here.







 







residential attic ladders

access-boss series
big-boss series


commercial access ladders

caged ladders
popi ladders
suspended ceiling ladders


fire-rated ladders
about am-boss
case study-adelaide apts
case study-delcon
case study-faila group
case study-university college
case study-mt macedon winery
case study-pivotal
installation guides
my account
contact us
completed projects
cart
checkout
privacy policy
 






facebook




instagram


© 2024 amboss access ladders  |  design by thriive digital pty. ltd. 




 





































