

home | wichita collegiate school























































































skip to contentwichita collegiate school - menutranslatesearch siteskip gallery your browser does not support videos. end of gallerybeyond the classroomsummer explorationsvisit usapply nowcommunity impactcollege counseling parent involvementfine artsspartan athleticsenrichment academyby the numbers8:1student-to-teacher ratio15typical class size19ap classes offered32percentage of wcs students of ethnic diversity#1private school in kansas (niche.com)95%students in grades 5-12 involved in at least one extracurricular activity27.5mean act score286,000square feet of buildings on a 42-acre campusalumni experiencesprevious alumni experiences itemamong so many positive experiences and lessons from my days at wcs, i feel that the most powerful life lessons learned were to set high expectations for oneself and the realization that high achievement can only come from striving for sustained excellence.- christian hourani, cardiologist, cardiovascular consultants of kansaswe were encouraged at collegiate to explore many different learning opportunities within a supportive environment where it was safe to take risks and engage in activities and experiences outside of our comfort zones. there was a spirit of jump in and try it!- clare vanderpool, newberry award-winning authorcollegiate provided such a positive, supportive, and encouraging environment for student athletes. my time at collegiate allowed me to build a love for the game and a love for being a part of something big.- r.c. buford, ceo of the san antonio spurscollegiate’s rigorous academics pushed me to develop a strong work ethic and an endless curiosity to never stop learning. balancing the demands of the classroom with a host of activities on and off the athletic field provided a well-rounded foundation, which continues to serve me well to this day.- dr. alex sappok, founder of auto tech company fstmy experience at wichita collegiate was life-changing. this nurturing environment along with financial aid and collegiate’s amazing resources made it possible for me to push myself and set lofty goals, while also giving me the tools to pursue them.- jaques williams, md candidate at columbia university vagelos college of physicians & surgeonsthe idea of earning respect and deserving success was ingrained in us at collegiate. we knew that we had to prove ourselves to the faculty and to each other while we were at wcs. probe te dignum!&nbsp;for me, that was a great motivator to keep up and thrive.- jenni morse, assistant district attorney of dallas countynext alumni experiences itemwichita collegiate school
9115 e. 13th st. n. 
wichita, ks 67206
(316) 634-0433privacy policyresourcescampus mapdonateemploymentpowerschoolschoologyseesawwcs online directoryquick linksapply for 2025-26collegiate enrichment academyinstitute for community impactlibrary resourcessage diningshirt shacksocial pagessummer explorationsstay connectednotice of nondiscriminatory policy as to students: wichita collegiate school admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, financial aid program, and athletic and other school-administered programs.copyright © 2025 wichita collegiate school. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more




