








alek, wendy, dirk, and kyle komarnitsky




alek, wendy, dirk, and kyle komarnitsky






travel sagas:

2009 falklands, south georgia, & antarctica cruise - wow!
2016 visit to south georgia and falkland islands on-board the national geographic explorer!
walking with alaska brown bears in katmai
churchill polar bear tour and the northern lights from churchill, canada
galapagos islands
african safari family trip and wendy's hippo attack
mission wolf and zip lining in colorado - fun stuff
rafting the green river and then the 
middle fork of the salmon river
utah heli ski and bro's ski the deep pow-pow at snowbird utah
surprise seward alaska fishing charter for my bro's 40th
three perfect days in wenatchee plus mission ridge dummy downhill
climbing longs peak colorado after my 40th birthday party
 - mount bierstadt (another 14'er) on my 50th!

wildlife stuff:

found a hummingbird nest with babies - some especially nifty pictures/video
a cooper's hawk nest right in my neighborhood
both the house finches (w/live webcam) and great horned owls came back

     same nest used by the colorado red-tailed hawk where farm dog battled wile e. coyote
ladybugs humping, ambush bug ambushes painted lady butterfly and nasty bee stinger!
pesky squirrel picks my peaches!
 - 
robins in snow
 - 
bigger animals in rocky mountain national park
battle with raccoons over 2019 peach harvest ... with links to previous years
bobcat versus mouse in my backyard!
foxes in the neighborhood - 2021
raising a puppy for guide dogs for the blind
watch grass growing via live webcam - now we're talking some serious excitement!   ;-)

projects/how-to's:

installing tesla solar panels on my house
how to fix a leak ... in the hulk!   ;-)
deck designs of our stamped concrete patio - w/video of 20 ton concrete pour
i finally finished my basement crawl space plus passed my radon test - about time!
see african animals on our kitchen tile table we built
installing a new garage door
canon 7d versus 50d - using moire' interference patterns to test dslr auto focus
way more than you want to know about bbq grills including some great bbq grill recipes
the biggest bbq grill and the smallest bbq grill on the internet!  ;-)
build your own manometer and other misc. house projects and how to's

holiday/seasonal/charity/family:

it was fun run providing joy to millions of internet surfers for over a decade with the controllable christmas lights, but alek "griswold" hung up his santa hat after 2014.

the halloween decorations and halloween decorations webcam for celiac charity - boo! ;-)
alek's christmas lights, the christmas lights webcam and santa tracker - ho-ho-ho!   ;-)
controllable christmas lights are baacckk ... virtually!   ;-)
my boys having fun playing various sports and various school activities
the proposal & engagement pictures, the grand canyon wendy wedding, wedding reception, and 20th anniversary sagas
birthdays: alek's 40th and 50th - wendy's 40th and 50th
oleg komarnitsky memorial/remembrances
michael komarnitsky memorial/remembrances
alek's annual emails

misc. stuff:


cataract surgery with crystalens ... just call me captain uv!   ;-)

dirk does the 2014 als ice bucket challenge plus behind the scenes video - good comedy

2013 boulder flood on 95th street north of valmont - yikes!
may 20th, 2012 partial solar eclipse setting over the colorado rockies
august 21st, 2017 total solar eclipse near tryon nebraska - 100x better than a partial!
double rainbow - cool moonset over the colorado rocky mountains - crazy clouds/alpenglow
rocky mountain airport airshow
misc. analysis of us air 1549 ditching
kiwi martini cocktail - tasty drink and fun pictures.
wendy is on frontier airlines - watch the 22 second video - don't blink!   ;-)
july 4th parade - kids, firemen, and ... the hulk!
misc. car stories including the coldest car, the coolest car, and the longest car
and lets not forget the incredible hulk who has his hulkmobile!  
watch alek get wet while barefoot skiing and the big water ski crash
see alek get busted by boulder photo radar at an inopportune moment ...
a fun little radio controlled hovercraft and a really fun zodiac boat
colorado rockies monster baseballs get 'em to the world series!
free satellite photos & images of my house
computer modeling of a random walk
sysadmin tools & presentations - nifty ip geolocation tool
and yet even more alek stuff - gawd, it never ends!  ;-)


about/contact/donate - ©1997-2025 www.komar.org

















 

 web
www.komar.org














author: alek komarnitsky



