


viewzone magazine: a look at life and human culture from different angles.



















share:


welcome to the mobile enhanced
version of viewzone.desktop version here.

qigong and the unutterable mysteries of music
the biomusic conspiracy: secrets of the rainbow serpent flute goddess
the secret science of spiritual healing
how to listen to and resonate the fundamental frequency force


schizophrenica first person account...

will our sun flare in 2023?something big is coming our way from the galactic center and it's almost here...
how fear of dying affects everything we do in life

china's military goes underground!

photos & gps...more...
check out china'ssecret area 51
discovered back in 2012, this remote site is surrounded by many bizarre antennae and secret installations. is china developing their own et base? more...

a new theory to explain chemtrailscheck it out...

are you programmed to get old?
science reveals soon you may be able to live forever!
 more...

brain to brain direct communication
it's real and ready to impact your futute.
 more...
are we really beings of light?

russian scientists claim that our dna molecules can communicate within a cell by uv light. their experiments confirm this. check it out.  more...

4 sports conspiracies: are they true?
some things you didn't know...
 more...

prickle feelings in spirituality and holistic medicine
the spiritual significance of hair stanging on end.
 more...

current technology can own your soul
this how they control you.
 more...

reverse engineering a ufo
what have scientists learned and how might we use this knowledge?
 more...

the inexpensive cancer curebig pharma hides...
for just $2 per dose!
 more...
do we already know aliens exist?
here's what we know... more

what does this symbol on your groceries mean?
exposing the hidden tax  
 more...

the end of time in 6 years?
the kali yuga is in 2025
 more...

psychic photos: capturing spirits on cameras
is it possible this is what we are seeing?
 more...

scientists prove we're not from here!
shocking revelation! 
 more...

the dark side of jfk
underage girlfriend speaks.
 more...

brexit & the alien agenda!
a unique take on brexit & the eu. 
 more...

is sirius our sun's twin?
evidence that we are part of a binary sun system.
 more...

your lying eyes!
here's how to tell if someone is lying to you 
 more...

just 16 cargo ships make same pollution as all the cars in the world!
cough cough...
 more...

abiotic oil is real & everywhere!
new research exposes the fossil fuel myth.
 more...

the sabbath day is wrong!
it's neither saturday nor sunday 
 more...

can your cat make you sick?
a common feline parasite can make you stupid or sexy! 
 more...

where are you in your brain?
exploring where you live in your mind 
 more...

was modern orthopaedics known to egyptian healers?
the story of usermontu's secret
 more...

the hindu origins of the olmecs
historian gene matlock reveals the convincing evidence 
 more...

a dramatic story of free energy
the secret they don't want you to know!
 more...

where do grey aliens come from?some history and theories  more...

free handwriting analysis lessonswhat does it reveal about you or your friends...

an argument against human caused climate change:the earth's magnetic field impacts climate: danish study
epigenetics explained

the origins of consciousness, religion and belief! who (or what) are we? be warned, this story will mess you up!
can you solve this mystery?

what do the hopi indians know about mothman?

it's the motivation for everything!

will he return?

new research on personality & changes to your brain!

to change your personality you need to reconfigure your brain. here's how...
sexy foods for better first dates

dorje: symbol of enlightenment

growing new body parts & reversing aging... here & now!

multiple personality & possession explained

how does the h-bomb work?

how does pot work?
technology explains the high...check it out
labyrinths: ancient symbols with a hidden message
more...
why don't we all know about this?

is there life after death?
share your experiences...
why we abandoned the moon


anomaluna explores some of the weirdness on the moon that virtually shut down the space program decades ago. weird is an understatement! more...
are you beautiful?

does the federal reserve actually 'own' your life?

just check your original birth certificate and you will learn the shocking truth. we are all collateral for the national debt!  more...

anti-gravity ages humans!

more...

dragons , monsters and fabulous beasts

fantastic creatures from myth and history. are they real?...

is love just a chemical reaction?

mri brain scans look at 5 different kinds of love and how they affect us all, for better & worse...

cognitive dissonance

a powerful tool used to manipulate relationships, politics and just about everything else!

how it all started...

scientists zapped eggs and seeds and the unexpected happened!you can try it yourself!

did clovis witness the massive solar event that ended the ice age?

photos &...more...

china's area 51

read details...more...
how do fingerprints work?

why everyone is unique  more...
what does islam really think about homosexuals?

what's all the worry about?  more...
enormous craft(?) photographed on moon 

a story buried by the main stream media that deserves more attention.  more...
who was here first?

a new "politically incorrect" discovery places europeans in n. america much earlier than asians.  more...
death, trance, & cosmic spirit exorcism: science of spiritual healing (2.0)

the second installation by drew hempel m.a.  more...
new ufo pics from mufon

is modern music making you violent?

since the neanderthals, music has been intuitively tuned to a specific pitch (a=432 hertz). this music had inspired, taught, healed and entertained for tens of thousands of years. but that all changed.
in 1939, nazi propaganda minister goebbels insisted that europe adopt a new "standard" pitch (a=440 hertz), designed to stimulate aggression and increase productivity through implanted anxiety. read more...
alien technology delivered to the nazis: real history
it's an historic fact that members of the vril were exceptionally beautiful with very long hair. these women helped design germany's first flying disc. who were they? ...more
do plants have feelings? look!

the amazing and hidden life of plants more...
did the polio vaccine kill your parents or grandparents?

the original live vaccine was infected with cancer causing monkey virus! more...
the real 'house of cards'

get ready for the shameful truth about our top leaders.

telomerase: the eternal elixir

the truth about enlightenment.

mono-atomic gold:gateway to another dimension?

russian report says python missile downed mh17 in ukraine


read details...more...
a new theory & treatment for aging


you probably have it in your kitchen. more...
excellent ufo picture


fresh sighting info from mufon. more...
ptsd: the demons of war


a first hand account of trauma that lasts long after the battle. more...
why yemen is the new warfront


not many people have ever visited yemen. but i have. it's the poorest nation in the region, literally back in the stone age. but it does have something even more precious than oil or gold. it's been a closely guarded secret -- until now. more...






think you know vladimir putin?? look again...


he's being portrayed as the new boogeyman in the new militarized corporate media, which always needs a villain to sell more war toys. but take another look at this man of character and leadership. you just might wish there were more of his kind leading the world today. more...
is there anything to reincarnation?


have you lived before? we examine some famous cases with scientific proof of reincarnation! more...

what makes a person beautiful?

here's what science knows about how our brains judge beauty.

look at these concept cars that never made it to production!
many photos...
noah's ark discovered in turkey
watch as the site is explored and the evidence scientifically examined. explore it yourself on google-earth with the gps coordinates provided ...more
dad's little girls prefer mates who look like him

research shows that daughters want a mate like daddy. not just in his personality but also in his physical appearance. the question begs to be answered whether the little girls will grow up looking like mom!  more...
what science is reluctant to tell you about homosexuality

homosexuality affects from 8% to 15% of all males and slightly less for females.what does science know and why aren't they telling us?  more...
what's up with the caves under the pyramids?

explore the caves found under the pyramids. there's something unique about them. could this be the reason the ancient structures were built in giza?  more...
what type are you?

where did your blood type originate? what diseases are you likely to get?  more...





you won't believe this!

appollo 20 found alien craft and body on the moon
before you doubt it, watch the video and examine the evidence. the alien body is examined and the ship is a whopper. ...more
what does your finger length reveal about your abilities?

the length of your index and ring fingers is very revealing. these measurements can reveal sexual preferences, math and musical talent. what do your fingers say about you?  more...
morgellons: a crime of silence

singer-songwriter joni mitchell recently made the news struggling in her battle with morgellons disease. despite the obvious, the us health industry refuses to acknowledge that the disease is real -- and not psychological... maybe for good reasons. clues indicate this illness is man made! can you guess the maker?  more...
a 200,000 year old metropolis in africa

discovered accidentally by air, this ancient settlement spans an entire valley in remote south africa. nearby, an megalithic calendar points to orion. examine the ruins yourself on google-earth with the gps provided.  more...



powered by purple haze
©viewzone magazine, since 1996
contact: myristicin@hotmail.comeditor: gary veywant to write? we need you.


share:
























fake australian hieroglyphs fool many



illuminati invade the rap music biz



amazing: the 10% solution to social change





















mormon hoax hurts church & many flee faith for good



mayan artefacts or modern scam? see the evidence.



blood type & diseases linked:r u vulnerable?






















the kosher tax is on everything



we all have a thorium energy future



sacred geometry: snowflake & flower























chemtrails revisited: new theories



obesity: new research about being big



vril women of wwii: alien contact





















china's haarp facility uses fractal design



the great grid of china



explosions at china's area 51





















remote viewers predict meteor impact 2012-2013



 personality, possession & prophecy



mind kontrolle mk-ultra: then & now






















forever toxic teflon: throw out those pans!



occult symbols in plain sight



lbj killed jfk: new fingerprint evidence






















galactic superwave & expanding earth theory



science unravels homosexuality



uncontacted amazon tribes or inexpensive beef?






















telomerasea new drug that stops aging!



ormus: an edible superconductor



neural fields are discovered: brain is not computer!





















why we never returned to the moon



proof there is life before life!



secrets of enlightenment






















hollow earth theories revisited



alien abductions disclosed: here's what's out there!



where do the greys come from?




















epigenetics!a new theory of evolution!



are humans really beings of light? your dna can talk.



morgellons is man made -proof!




















new caves under the pyramids raise excitement.



new dates for the life of buddah.



how our brains determine beauty.




















gray alien caught on sa tape?



will cognitive dissonance fool you?



it's easy to make an h-bomb! just add lithium




















noah's ark is discovered (again) in turkey!



alien spacecraft on the moon!



smallpox:the weapon




















evidence that gravity waves cause earthquakes.



birth control pills are interfering with evolution!



has planet x been discovered yet?




















abiotic oil is very real and it's everywhere!



free energy: they will kill you for developing it!



200,000 yr old metropolis found in africa!




















where is consciousness located in the brain?



fear of death creates the idea of beauty



mebendazole: secret miracle cancer cure










the electrical universe	 gravity gives way to plasma in a new theory that describes how the universe is created and maintained.


the sabbath day is wrong: historians reveal the correct day.


can humans be immortal? why do we get old. can the process be reversed?


can the dead communicate wih the living?some true stories that will make you a believer.


rejuvenation, regeneration & replacement of human body parts exciting news in stem cell research means we may soon be able to grow missing or injured parts.

the incunabula and the djinn				  
 mischievous caretakers of our planet, the djinn are the "genies" of ancient lore. many believe they are still here, working their often deceptive deeds.

the bad fruit:two brave journalists break a story of corruption and vengeance as israel and the us secretly stored nuke warheads at japan's fukushima spent fuel pools.


where are you really? where is your consciousness? can it be located somewhere in your brain?


bayer killed the beeswill they be held accountable?

potential "cure" for alzheimer'sdrug not only prevents but actually cures alzheimer's disease in lab studies. 






















moslems are also waiting for their messiah



the ant people of orion: hopi culture



the famous piri reis map of 1513: antarctica?




















the flying shields of the hopi kachinas



new dna data suggests this is an alien skull!



a 1700 year old computer discovered!




















mysterious stone balls of costa rica



labyrinths - walk on the wild side!



the sacred thyia tree - origin of the magic wand




















ceasar's comet - does it warn of doomsday?



who was the biblical abraham really?



ancient holes in peru puzzle archaeologists



 
 



privacy policy©2019 note: all articles and stories may not be reproduced unless a link to the original story (this page) is clearly posted and permission is sought from the author.copyright infringement will be prosecuted. always ask before copying. thanks.
we respect copyright laws and are committed to remove any copyright infringing material from our website.we try our best not to violate any copyright laws. if you find any content on our websitewhich infringes your copyrighted work, please contact us and we'll be happy to remove such content after verification.

please do provide us the following details:

1) your name, e-mail address.
2) location (urls) of your copyrighted work on your website and ours.
3) send to myristicin@hotmail.com



