



		home | metal tanks by propower
	
 











home





login 



dealers oems 






home 

about us 

fuel tanks 

truck tanks 

reefer 

extreme 

oem 

accessories 



hydraulic reservoirs 

tank selector 

oem 

accessories 



resources & articles 

contact us






 

important facts about fuel tanks
and hydraulic reservoirs

                        whether you're an oem, fleet operator or an independent, looking for fuel tanks or hydraulic reservoirs, watch our video to learn five pitfalls to avoid and valuable tips to help you select a product and a supplier.  
                    




when i need a replacement tank for my truck i want only 3 things: i need it to come fast. it has to be a nut and bolt replacement, and it had better last longer than the original did. 




bobby keller
independent operator



what we do
we answer the needs of oems, dealers, fleet operators and independent truckers when it comes to fuel tanks and hydraulic reservoirs.
you are entitled to on-time delivery and consistent quality from your suppliers. we deliver on both. our flexible manufacturing plant allows us to produce a run of thousands or just a single piece. each metal tank is built with top quality materials using cutting edge technology. our final inspection includes a pressure test on every tank we build. this means you or your customers enjoy many years of trouble free service when they run on metal tanks™ by propower.
oems and end users prefer to work with us on custom designs. we've been bringing design consulting experience to your projects since 1995. need creative ideas? let our design team help you.
  




facebook twitter




home 

about us 

contact us 

for oems 

dealer information 



resources & articles


7 solid reasons why you would choose propower as your tank supplier 

10 things to know before buying a fuel tank 



fuel tanks


search by make/model or part number 

design your own diesel tank 

fuel tank accessories 



hydraulic reservoirs


hydraulic tank selector 

design your own hydraulic reservoir 

hydraulic accessories 



© 2011 propower mfg. inc. 2396 e 10 mile rd. warren, michigan, usa 48091 (877) 741-2365









 


