


marble alabaster soapstone limestone sculptures























a book for beginners  that covers just about everything.









my art and sculptures are works done mostly in stone (marble, limestone, alabaster, soapstone) and some wood or clay. major inspiration for my sculptures come my relationships and feelings about god, people, nature, and the things we surround ourselves with. you're invited to view my sculptures and art and to tell me a little about yourself. enjoy! shane

the stoneshaper

stone sculptor, artist, shane smith



where do i go next?

a guide to stoneshaper's pages.

why carve stone
what is the allure of stone carving?
gallery
thumbnail images lead to larger views.
work in progress
sculptures i am currently working on.
where can you get stone and tools? how about information on how to carve stone.
this is a page that may help. i am constantly adding information to it as more people e-mail me with their sources.
stone carving symposiums
get the information you need to start carving stone.
stoneshaper's bio
i have had requests for information about myself, here goes...





why do i carve stone?.




passions drive all of us. some for better, some for worse. i steer mine into a medium that shapes me as i shape it. i have deep interactions with each of my sculptures yet i am loathed to name them or explain them. instead i wish for each person to make them their own according to their own experiences. this is my ultimate goal. to somehow, someway, touch someone as they have never been touched before.  





my current works
larger pictures of stone and wood sculptures are loaded under thumbnail images. for those of you with newer browsers this will open a new window for each piece. 3-d versions must have apples' quicktime available free for download. to rotate pictures click and hold down on mouse and move it side to side. thank you and enjoy, shane.
 
fairy tale
3-d versionlet your imagination roam.
 
twist
3-d versionwhat does it mean to you?
 
white bishop sitting
3-d versionwhat do you do with a small piece of stone? why anything you want. maybe get creative and make some chess pieces?
 
pipes
i had some time on my hands and some small pieces of soapstone so i made some pipes.
 
fissure  3-d movable version  a liquid moving within a liquid can be very beautiful in it's movement. (remember lava lamps?)


 
the harpist in the lobby of the marriott
3-d version-- beautiful lady, thank you for your music.
  
born of the earth and of the wind and of the water
3-d version this name comes from my feelings about this piece and the forces that made it.
 
emergence of the soul
3-d movable version the soul of woman, man, and nature, intertwined and inseparable.
 
desert flower 
beauty may be found everywhere, even on a black rock.
 
bird in flight 1
3-d movable version first of a two-part series, red-green alabaster-- freedom from the world.
 
bird in flight 2
second part of a two-part series. made of laminated wood, this sculpture was created to be a wall hanging and served as a model for the smaller replica done in alabaster.
 
the greening
indiana limestone-- symbolizes the mind, body, and spirit integrated together in a separate but combined entity.
 
birth of a mermaid
this is a work done in italian carrara marble and imagination
 
balanced
black soapstone and wood. an exquisite statement about women and choices
 
freebird
indiana limestone. the spirit of a woman unbound.
 
the essence of a woman
indiana limestone-- what is the essential physical and spiritual difference in a woman that binds her so close to nature?
 
coldfire
michigan alabaster--- hot body-cold intellect.

 
the ninth month
white alabaster-- self explanatory!!!
 
mother and child reunion
colorado alabaster-- the bond between a mother and child is truly set in stone.

            

all art is sole property of shane smith. if you would like to use an image please contact me first at shane@stoneshaper.com url=http://www.stoneshaper.com











