















home | older things | gamelets | support | forum | blog | about us | 



welcome to robinson technologies!
we are an independent game developer located in japan that makes cool games and weird projects.
about us »


featured projects


featured games - all these are free with no ads/spyware!






dink smallwood hd
	dink smallwood hd is free, open source and available for many platforms. it supports in-game dmod browsing and installation too! (github) (web version)

 









dungeon scroll
                if a word game and a dungeon crawler had a baby, this would be it. free! high scores. free web version












mind wall
mind wall is our original puzzle/arcade game.  for pc and mobile devices. high scores.
		










proton sdk
seth's free open source cross platform c++ game framework can put your game on windows, os x, android, ios and webos. visit www.protonsdk.com for more info.
	(github)







growtopia
growtopia is a multiplayer creative sandbox created by seth and hamumu software. it was acquired by ubisoft in early 2017.  seth's growtopia f.a.q.


	
for older stuff like funeral quest, tanked & toolfish check our older things! 
please note: we will not provide compensation for your damaged brain. because make no mistake, these games will blow your mind!



seth's github page (source code for old games here!)


 seth's recent blog posts  atom feed     rss feed
jul 8 - 
		    

                
                why i wrote a mastodon feed widget for wordpress            
feb 19 - 
		    

                
                the pencil has no soul – how to prove chatbots aren’t sentient            
nov 5 - 
		    

                
                a blog post detailing my obsessive dive into generative ai            
jul 17 - 
		    

                
                comparing output of dall-e mini to dall-e mega            
jul 17 - 
		    

                
                the 100 prisoners problem riddle interactive web app simulation i did in unity            
jun 22 - 
		    

                
                how to create simon belmont with dall·e 2            
jun 19 - 
		    

                
                more dall·e 2 fun – replacing things in existing photos            
jun 18 - 
		    

                
                the incredible power of ai created media – illustrating an ai created story with dall·e 2            
jan 7 - 
		    

                
                adding a cool custom c++ class template to visual studio 2022            
dec 14 - 
		    

                
                playstep mini – making a $10 thing to replace the $700 version            

seth's feeds:  bluesky - mastodon - twitter
 seth a. robinson on 2/12/2025i waited until the last minute because things like this always go smoother later.  for example, they recently added sms verification in addition to voice due to problems.  of the three valid perfectly scanned ids i sent, only one was accepted, so the process is still questionable seth a. robinson on 2/12/2025speaking of android, companies that don't "verify" are mass-getting removed, should cut down on crap and scams.  i was worried because our japanese corporation name on papers submitted looks different than the english version but i was "organization" verified in 30 minutes! seth a. robinson on 2/12/2025trying to re-build my apps for android, they've been partially delisted for not being updated since '22.  good time to get rid of all the twitter links in my stuff - they don't show recent tweets to people who aren't logged in (bsky and mastodon do) so a bad way to share news. seth a. robinson on 2/11/2025huh. when did amazon sellers start blatantly mispresenting tablet memory?  it has 4gb memory, not 8gb.  a swap file is not memory.  even 4+4+128 would still be wrong considering the 4gb swap file is just coming out of the 128 storage, right? seth a. robinson on 2/9/2025a friend showed a preview of his kickstarter video at c2 creators night - some feedback was "did you use ai narration?  that might be off-putting..." but it actually was human!  so we made suggestions like: "show the narration credit while she's talking", "her mic was too perfect, have her make more mistakes, maybe cough". it was even floated to actually use ai and see if that sounded more real.  anyway, wild times we live in, huh? seth a. robinson on 2/2/2025"what'd you eat for dessert?"  i'd rather not sayyour browser does not support the video tag. seth a. robinson on 1/28/2025built/consolidated a new beast of a machine - wrx90e sage mb with 7 gpus (300+ gb vram), 512 gb system ram.  a real case was out of the question but this mining frame works, fits into the vr/retro stuff room nicely.  with its 10gb internet connection and 192 threads i'll bet it could run the entire growtopia server! (well, the 2017 version at least) it's actually just for serious number crunching, training improved mahjong decision making models now. seth a. robinson on 12/30/2024can i get banned for thisyour browser does not support the video tag. seth a. robinson on 12/30/2024deep learning vision and mahjong ai models that can play mahjong soul on an unmodified ipad by 'watching'  via hdmi and tapping the screen.  i trained it with tenhou mahjong data from here: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/hphphp123321/tenhou-4-player-riichi-mahjong-dataset seth a. robinson on 12/6/2024new free utility: rtbulkpaste - frustrated that chatgtp's o1 models can't currently accept non-image file attachments, i made this dumb utility as a work around.  check it out if you need to paste a bunch of code to an llm as a single paste!  source and download (windows) on github: https://github.com/sethrobinson/rtbulkpaste


our facebook page


visit our weird makespace, c2 kyoto






robinson technologies - home


copyright ©2025 robinson technologies · contact · privacy policy ·




