






the culbertson mansion historic bed and breakfast inn













home 

our guest rooms 

make a reservation 

check availability 

meetings, banquets and luncheons 

directions 

culbertson lighting 












historic innin
        historic old louisville






make a reservation 

        






for the protection of everyone, we require that our guests and staff be fully vaccinated against covid-19.





our guest rooms
the president's room 

the knights of kentucky suite 

the little colonel suite 
the east room 

the annie fellows johnston room 

the general lawton suite







louisville’s
most historic bed & breakfast inn


we
invite you to come and stay at the samuel culbertson mansion historic bed and 
breakfast inn on your next visit to louisville.  this
georgian revival mansion is located in the heart of the 
old
louisville national historic district, 
near downtown
louisville, the university of louisville and churchill downs.  pamper yourself with the
opulence of the gilded age, and enjoy a piece of traditional kentucky in this
former home of a president of churchill downs and the "two little knights
of kentucky". - rudy van meter, innkeeper


in 2007 we celebrated the 75th 
anniversary of “ the garland of roses”

first commissioned by sam 
culbertson for the 1932 kentucky derby


get tycoon treatment... 
(from  the cincinnati 
enquirer)


what's doing in louisville 
 (from the new york times)




history
of the mansion



     in 
	march 1896, the local newspapers announced that samuel alexander culbertson, 
	son of indiana's wealthiest man, william stewart culbertson, a dry goods, 
	railroad, utilities and banking tycoon, had 
	purchased land on third avenue, the most fashionable street in louisville,  to build his new home.  
	after barely a year of construction, the
  mansion was completed in 1897 just in time 
	to receive guests for the 23rd running of the kentucky derby.  and for 
	the next half century the 
	kentucky derby was to be the focus of culbertson's life and this house.
     samuel's 
		boyhood
		home just across the river in new albany is a pretentious french empire 
	style mansion built in 1867.  it is
  now  a museum.  next door to that is a mansion given to samuel 
	and his new wife louise as a wedding present by his father in 1886.  
	william culbertson was 
	totally and unconditionally opposed to gambling in any form, and even 
	disinherited one of samuel's brothers for betting on horses.  young samuel, 
	however, loved the races too, though in secret, and had to 
	wait until his father's passing to move nearer the venue that would 
	eventually put him into the pages of history. 

    
  when samuel , his wife louise, their two sons, and entourage of servants moved
  into their new home, third avenue was the
  millionaire's row of louisville, "a genteel area at the edge of a
  burgeoning city, reflecting the tastes and extravagances of the late victorian
  era. the residents worked hard to live up to the magnificence of their houses
  which were furnished as lavishly as social position required and wealth
  allowed." 
(uofl
  old louisville, 1961)
    
  "a friend once remarked (about the culbertson's), 'they should be a very
  happy couple. they are the handsomest pair in louisville, have the handsomest
  sons, and live in the handsomest house.'" 
(c-j,
  12/12/48)
    samuel 
	culbertson was a man of
	wit, fastidious appearance 
	and confident manner.  col. 
	matt winn ("mr. kentucky derby") referred to him as the beau brummell of 
	louisville.
	(down the 
	stretch, 1944)

    
	after years of association with the track as a member of the board of 
	directors, samuel became
	president of churchill downs 
	in 1928. from 1937 through 1948 he was chairman of the board. during these 
	years
  culbertson was in racing's limelight, "the perennial cotillion leader," entertaining local
  dignitaries and kentucky derby guests from around the country and the world.  
	he presided over the golden years of the kentucky derby.  gallant fox, 
	cavalcade, war admiral, gallahadion,  whirlaway, count fleet and 
	citation are but few of the thoroughbred champions that make up the 
	tour-de-force that was the kentucky derby during culbertson's era.  but it was in the 
	early 1930s that samuel culbertson achieved immortality in kentucky derby 
	history.  samuel culbertson conceived the idea of the 
garland of roses, and commissioned its design.  
		culbertson would proudly 
	witness his idea become reality, with all of its symbolism, as it adorned the first derby champion horse 
	to receive this accolade, burgoo king in 1932.
     
	all the while, the culbertson's became a sensation in the region for the formal dinner parties and the
  dances they gave in their home's third floor ballroom.  and the courier-journal 
  noted:  "in former days, (the culbertsons') tallyho carriage, drawn
  by four high-stepping horses bound for the race track provided a spectacle for
  pedestrians." 
(c-j,
  12/12/48)  
     samuel
  culbertson lived in this house for 51 years until his death at the age of 86
  in 1948. well into his eighties, he still walked the 15 blocks to work at his downtown
  office, and he had been diligently at work at his office and in apparent good 
		health the day before he passed away. 


    
  		

now 
	if that weren't enough, it must be mentioned that samuel culbertson's sons 
	had become famous in their own right already in the 1890s and early 1900s.  this is 
	because the history of the mansion is indelibly linked to the stories
  of the
  little colonel, which were loosely based on real-life characters and 
	events.  in 1899, the culbertson boys, 
		craig
  and william, became known to children around the world as keith and
  malcolm, 
the two little knights of
  kentucky, in the second book of
  author 
annie
  fellows johnston's extremely popular
  turn-of-the-century little colonel series.  and they remained 
		recurring characters throughout the 13 volume series. the 
		real-life
  little colonel herself
  remembered the boys among her dearest childhood friends.  mrs.
  culbertson's sister, 
		mamie,
  owned "the beeches," the country house where many of the little
  colonel stories take place, and that later became annie fellows johnston's
  home.  mamie's husband was general
  henry w. lawton.  we can
  only imagine the adventures "uncle henry" must
  have related to the culbertson boys about his former days as an indian
  fighter, or how he captured the apache chief geronimo, or how he backed
  up teddy roosevelt and the rough riders at san juan hill.  general lawton
  was a guest at the culbertson mansion for several days in the 
autumn of 1898
  when he came to louisville to attend dinners and
  receptions held in his honor as "the hero of el
  caney."   he would tragically never live to tell his nephews
  about his exploits later in the spanish-american war as the "super-hero
  of the philippines"
(c-j), 
		where he became the only american general killed in
  action in the spanish american war,  at the battle for san mateo in december 1899.   
		one of the great ironies of american history is that lawton, who 
		captured the apache chief geronimo in 1886, would succumb to a 
		sharpshooter under command of a philippine insurgent general named 
		...geronimo.
    
  		another of mrs. culbertson's
  sisters, 
		fannie
  craig, was the model for "aunt allison" of the little colonel
  stories.  even samuel and louise make a brief appearance as the
  characters sidney and elise in the 
two
  little knights of kentucky and later volumes.  so much
  in the little
  colonel stories is based on real-life people, places and events.  and 
		the mansion still boasts a respectable number of historic souvenirs and 
		artifacts, such as personal items once owned by annie fellows johnston 
		and her real-life little colonel characters, including general lawton, 
		which are on display for our guests.


        
  in 1950, the culbertson mansion fell into the hands of benton roberson, a
  builder, who converted much of the mansion into apartments during the 1950s and 60s. 
  restoration was largely completed between 1975 and 1985, and
  now the mansion is almost back to its former glory.  thankfully, no major structural
  alterations were made to the building by mr. roberson.  however, the beautiful
  ballroom was divided then, and this has yet to be undone.  
  remarkably, roberson carefully cut around existing moldings and decorative
  features when he built the partitions, possibly anticipating a time when the
  room would be restored.



architecture
and construction:

    
  the mansion was built between 1896 and 1897, at a cost of $25,000, designed by
  the renowned minneapolis architect william channing whitney

  among whose many other notable buildings include the minnesota
  governor's mansion and the 
		minnesota
  building at the columbia exposition world's fair of 1893.      the culbertson home is built in the style of the
  georgian revival, which in turn derives from the italian renaissance palazzo,
  faithfully reproducing the lines, dimensions and even the colors of
  traditional florentine architecture. the finer brickwork, usually reserved
  only for fa?ades, continues 
		along both sides of the house.  the
  symmetrical fa?ade is adorned with renaissance motifs, the major features
  being the portico with its marble mosaic floor and twelve fluted ionic columns
  of european red sandstone (alas, now painted), an ornamental arch with 
		garlands on the second floor, and a third floor balcony. the columns of the
  front porch are repeated on the carriage port at the south side of the house.
  the high-pitched roof (necessary for this climate) was originally constructed
  of slate.     the renaissance theme of architectural ornamentation
  continues inside the house, especially in the reception hall, , dining room
  and library, rich in woodwork and all with massive beamed or coved
  ceilings.  the ladies
  parlor  (or "morning
  room") is in the  style of louis xvi., and the
  		drawing
  room reminds us of a room in an english
  manor.   altogether, the building has over 50 rooms in approximately
  20,000 square feet of floor space including a full habitable basement. there
  are an additional 3,500 square feet in the twin-spired two-story carriage
  house at the rear.  the mansion and carriage house enclose a formal
		courtyard

  with a fountain and a rose garden containing over 100 varieties of roses.
  
		




yes!  we're open for the holidays!

be sure to check the
old
  louisville guide to see our neighborhood, america's largest
  victorian neighborhood!


tour kentucky!




post card, 1906 showing 1890s view






post card, 1919
the
      samuel culbertson mansion

      1432 south third street
      louisville, kentucky  40208

      (502) 634-3100
	(866) 522-5078 toll free

      fax (502) 636-3096









post card, 1909




    

    springtime
    


    holidays





    
click on any picture to see an enlargement or detail




home

the samuel culbertson mansion guest rooms page

the president's room
the 
knights of kentucky suite
the little colonel suite
the east room
the annie fellows johnston room

the general lawton suite

make a reservation

check availability
check availability

your privacyculbertson lighting
meetings, banquets and luncheons

directions


 the 
samuel culbertson mansion
1432 south third street
louisville, kentucky 40208
(502) 634-3100
toll free (866) 522-5078 
fax (502) 636-3096
rudy@culbertsonmansion.us
 














 search www  search culbertsonmansion.us 






 





