














official citroën website | new & used cars | citroën uk




































































































































































 














































































 



what’s new?














 




			

			
				compare costs
			
		



compare our models’ monthly finance and fuel/ electricity costs using our new comparison tool
 
if you're looking for a new car it can be hard to know where to begin your search! with so many options available, from fully electric and hybrid vs petrol and diesel,  citroën have created a new comparison tool to help you compare the different models, engines and running costs associated with each car. discover how affordable your new citroën could be!





compare costs











 




			

			
				get a free ev charger**
			
		



with a new citroën electric van
 
** citroën will support the supply of a complimentary ev charger with standard residential installation up to the value of £999 (inc. vat) through free2move charge and installed by octopus energy. uk mainland only. see full terms & conditions.





discover van offers 











 




			

			
				new citroën holidays
			
		



new citroën holidays now open for orders!

  
upgrade your road-trips with the new citroën holidays. this converted spacetourer combines the advantages of a camper van with the everyday comfort of a car: travel, eat, sleep - anything is possible!






discover new holidays












compare costs




electric van offer




new citroën holidays





























 



discover citroën cars



 
 





















































































































































































 



a range for each need



			

			
				a citroën that fits you
			
		














 




		your mobility needs are changing and responsible travel is becoming more and more important to you.  citroën is now creating 100% electric models, all inspired by you and your everyday driving habits. 
	




discover electric range









discover the range




discover the range






 




		with citroën plug-in hybrids, enjoy the convenience of the electric mode for your short everyday trips and the combustion engine for long journeys.
	




discover plug-in hybrid range











discover the range




discover the range








 




		discover the citroën suv offensive with the stylish and bold c3 aircross and c5 aircross. c5 aircross suv is now available in hybrid. embrace the blend of versatility, comfort and robust performance with our range of suv models.
	






discover suv range









discover the range




discover the range






 




		you might be looking for a family car that can grow along with your family, with all the space you need for any holiday or day to day activity. discover our extensive range of family cars, design to meet the needs of modern families with space, comfort and efficiency.
	




discover family cars range









discover the range




discover the range






 




		in the city or country, alone or with the family, enjoy all the versatility and comfort of the family hatchbacks in the citroën range. all new citroën hatchback models are now available in ëlectric to suit your environmental and driving needs.
	




discover hatchbacks range









discover the range




discover the range






 




		you might be a city dweller, looking for the most convenient and stylish small car. our range of city cars is specifically designed for the fast-paced urban environment.
	




discover city cars range









discover the range




discover the range












electric cars




plug-in hybrid cars 




suv




family cars




hatchback




city cars























 



discover citroën vans


















































 



new business range



		discover our new business range, specially designed for your business and adapted to every need. 
	












 




		whatever size van your business needs, there’s a fully electric citroën van ready to deliver.  with zero compromise on loadspace and zero tailpipe emissions, new citroën ë-berlingo van, ë-dispatch and new ë-relay electric have all the positive environmental and business credentials you’d expect.
	




discover electric vans range









discover van range




discover van range
















 




		citroën understands that you require a vehicle to meet your specific business needs, that’s why the ready to run converted vehicle range has been introduced.
	




discover converted vans



























electric vans




converted vans













































































 




configure & order your car




select, customise and order your citroën online





configure & order

























































 




value your car 




follow three easy steps for an instant, free valulation of your current car 





value your car

























































 




approved used cars




the official approved used vehicle programme for citroën 





search used cars
































 



electric is easy with citroën



































































 




		free2move charge provides cutting-edge charging solutions at the best prices, allowing you to charge your vehicle wherever and whenever you need. we’re here to help with your electric set up, configuring your charging solution, supported by octopus energy experts who offer top-tier customer services at every step.
	




discover more





















 




		citroën makes the electric life easy. choose between full electric or plug-in hybrid based on your daliy use.
	




discover electric cars





















 




		from range to charging and the installation of an electric charge point in your home, citroën provides all the answers to common questions about electric cars.
	




discover more



























easy charging with free2move charge




electric or hybrid?




faq























 



maintain your car










































 



after sales offers



		citroën provides a wide range of offers to maintain and repair your car
	





discover offers
























 



after sales offers



		citroën provides a wide range of offers to maintain and repair your car
	















discover offers




























the image path: '/content/dam/citroen/master/b2c/home/l-m/citroen_homepage_car_configure_428_241.jpg' is not a valid image resource








configure your car



customise your citroën as you want it to be
 
		
	

configure




































discover ami



		meet ami, a revolution in accessible electric mobility 
		
	

discover ami




































approved used cars




		the official approved used vehicle programme for citroën 
		
	

search used cars
































 



citroën online valuation




want to trade in your current car?




find out what your current car is worth in part exchange for a new citroën.





t&cs apply









value my car












































 



sign live





citroën partners with signlive to offer customers the ability to communicate with its retailer and aftermarket teams using british sign language (bsl). we have partnered with signlive, the leading british sign language (bsl) online video interpreting service. signlive’s intuitive video relay service gives our customers the ability to communicate with the entire 190-strong citroën retail and aftermarket network using british sign language (bsl). this service is available completely free of charge. 
 
 






discover more


































































 




book a service online




book an appointment online in the citroën workshop of your choice.





book online

























































 




accessorise your citroën 




select accessories and connected services for your vehicle  





find out more

























































 




find a citroën workshop




entrust the maintenance and repair of your vehicle to the experts at citroën workshops.





find a workshop



























 



see what others are saying about @citroenuk



share your citroën with us on social media by mentioning @citroenuk and #citroenfanphoto






















 




personal contract hire
personal contract hire on c3 origin puretech 83 s&s manual plus in soft sand metallic paint. offer subject to availability, on selected models at participating retailers only. initial rental £249, plus 47 months at £249. 6,000 miles per year. finance subject to status. t&cs and exclusions apply. applicants must be 18+. guarantee may be required. excess mileage and vehicle condition charges may apply. you will not own the vehicle. finance by stellantis financial services, rh1 1qa. offer applies to qualifying retail new vehicles only.  cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. citroën uk limited reserves the right to change, amend or withdraw this offer at any point in time. correct at time of publication. available on orders from 02/04/2024 to 30/06/2024.
 
 
citroen uk limited is acting as a credit broker and not as a lender and may introduce you to other credit brokers (vehicle retailers). we will only introduce you to stellantis financial services, rh1 1qa as a lender and we may receive a fixed commission for this introduction or no commission at all. the vehicle retailer, acting as credit broker, will typically receive from the lender a commission, fee or remuneration. this may be in the form of fixed fee, campaigns, percentages and/or targets agreed between stellantis financial services and the credit broker. alternative finance products may be available with different commission amounts and/or arrangements. for more details, or if you think this will affect your decision to enter into an agreement, speak to stellantis financial services or the vehicle retailer (acting as a credit broker) for further information.
  
 














 




terms & conditions
*'on the road’ mrrp includes registration plates and delivery to retailer(including vat), 12 months’ vehicle excise duty and new vehicle registration fee of £55. excludes fuel and insurance. all information and prices correct at time of publication, but are subject to change at any time without prior notice (which may occur as a result of, but not limited to, any changes in legislation and/or any changes by the government). please see our prices & specification brochures or contact your local citroën retailer for the most up-to-date prices and specification details for all models.
 














 




q1 25 citroën free lcv ev charger offer – octopus energy ​​
^ applies to ev models only. citroën will support the supply of a complimentary ev charger with standard residential installation, up to the value of £999 (incl. vat) through free2move charge and installed by octopus energy. gb mainland only. full t&cs apply: https://www.citroen.co.uk/tools/terms-and-conditions.html#business
 
q1 25 £750 ‘professional days’ offer ​​
offer valid between 17/02/2025 and 17/03/2025 inclusive. offer is a £750 (excl vat) discount off the on the road price of new current model vans. business users only. selected stock and participating retailers only. offer subject to full t&cs: https://www.citroen.co.uk/tools/terms-and-conditions.html#business






















enquiry





test drive





find a dealer





contact us








citroën cars & vans



see the full car range


city cars


hatchbacks


suv


family cars


7 seaters


electric cars/hybrids


vans


converted vans





find my car



configure and order


pricing & spec guides 


compare models


spoticar approved used cars





quick links



book a test drive


pricing & spec guides


make a sales enquiry


download mycitroën app


find a retailer


lifestyle shop


newsletter


support and faqs


contact us


citroën apprenticeships


citroën careers


become a retailer





aftersales services



book a service


accessories


parts


citroën advisor


motor industry code of practice


map update


download mycitroën app





privacy & legal



privacy policy


cookies policy


legal information


terms & conditions


accessibility 


tax strategy









follow us


























citroën 2025



tax strategy




modern slavery statement




cookie consent




cookies policy




privacy policy




gender pay gap




stellantis carbon reduction plan






































questions?
        powered by velaro live chat
    









