












adult entertainment wisconsin | male & female wisconsin strippers | bachelor party strippers - wisconsin strippers











































 
 












608-807-1787  madison area1-414-455-5960  milwaukee area 1-888-wi-strip  all of wisconsin










608-807-1787  madison area1-414-455-5960  milwaukee area 1-888-wi-strip  all of wisconsin|   contact

menu


female strippers
male strippers
rates
party tips
hiring
blog
make reservations
 







[rev_slider slider]


we’ll bring the party to you! call us. 
1-888-1-888-wi-strip













female dancers





male dancers





party reservation








check out some videos





choose your dancer
[print_responsive_thumbnail_slider]


are you looking for a way to add some heat to your next party? no, we’re not talking about a new kind of salsa. parties are meant to be exciting, out of the ordinary and most of all, memorable. so if your last party’s most memorable moments centered around the chips and salsa, or if the last super bowl party you went to was lame, than perhaps some adult entertainment is called for.
we’re wisconsin’s foremost adult entertainment providers. whether it’s bachelor or bachelorette party strippers you’re looking for, or perhaps strippers for a super bowl party or poker night, we’ve got them.
wisconsin male strippers are a tradition at bachelorette parties for a reason: dancers get the party started, get you and your friends out of their comfort zones and most of all make lasting memories. this event will be something that you and your friends will remember for years to come, and you can be sure you will have stories that will be brought up again and again.
and it wouldn’t be fair if the girls were the only ones having any fun, which is why female strippers are a staple to any successful bachelor party. having female strippers attend your bachelor party is a much better idea than going to a strip club for these reasons:



save money on food and drinks






no one has to drive (save money on taxis and keep the groom out of trouble)






choose the dancers you want






professional adult entertainment specializing in making parties memorable






the party comes to you!






the party you’ve always wanted to throw is waiting. if it’s a night you and your poker buddies or fantasy football league will talk about for the rest of the year, than there’s no better way to ensure a good time than adding some professional entertainment into the mix..

our rates
 reservations


















 
 






our specialities


bachelor parties
bachelorette parties
birthday parties
office parties
fraternity parties
sorority parties
oil wrestling parties
topless waitress
poker party entertainment
holiday parties
super bowl parties
divorce parties and much more!






contact us



608-807-1787 1-414-455-5960



         



copyright 2015 wisconsin strippers.com all rights reserved. | sitemap 

















