









northwest community healthcare - expert care. right here.























































nch is part of endeavor health
learn more


 
















 847-618-1000










make an appointment


find a location


find a doctor



menu 










doctors & specialists
conditions & services
care options
locations
patients & visitors
 

mychart
careers
telehealth
billing & insurance
clinical trials
classes & events
donate
news & media
for physicians
about
contact
make an appointment
 



 


introducing
meet endeavor health
read faqs

flu shots now availablelearn about vaccination options and schedule your appointment.
learn more
not feeling well?make an appointment with a primary care clinician or visit an immediate care center.
learn more




vaccination information
stay protected from covid-19 and flu this season.

learn more



 





thank you to all of the organizations who applied for the 2024 community investment fund!
in 2024, northshore will award up to $5 million to elevate health and wellbeing, advance health equity and support local growth. learn more about the program as well as our 2023 award winners.

learn more



 



get the care you need.from helping you get better to living healthier, our robust network has the expertise and resources to deliver the care you need.browse conditions and services

locally focused. nationally recognized.our award-winning patient care isn’t just some of the best in the northwest suburbs, it’s some of the best in the country.see all awards
latest news 



02.16.24
how to make the most of cardiac rehab
by endeavor healthafter the trauma of a heart attack or a heart procedure, one of the last things you may… read more




01.31.24
6 things you should do to avoid heart disease
we can have our hearts broken, wear them on our sleeves or feel them soar with happiness.we can also feel… read more




12.08.23
7 tips for dealing with family drama at the holidays
by endeavor healthfamilies. you gotta love ‘em. during the holiday season, you probably get your fair share of family time.… read more



view all news




upcoming events







february
18




breastfeeding
6:00 pm–8:00 pm
a lactation consultant will provide information and demonstrate techniques to help new mothers maximize their opportunity to establish successful breastfeeding. the benefits of breastfeeding for both mom… read more








february
18




myelodyplastic syndrome(mds) support group
1:30 pm–3:00 pm
this group is open to all mds patients, their families and friends. we meet the third tuesday of the month from 1:30-3:00 pm. july 16; august 20;… read more








february
18




guided imagery for those affected by cancer
6:30 pm–8:00 pm
this group is for cancer survivors and their loved ones who are looking to increase their sense of well-being, balance and comfort. a licensed hypnotherapist leads the… read more




view all events




 
get updates via email
sign up

 




get email updates

×













meet endeavor health


for medical professionals
for physicians
for nurses
for employees
physician/employee login
 

donate
volunteer
gift shop
wellness center
 

about
careers
community
for vendors
price transparency
 



© 2025 endeavor health
terms of use
privacy statement
policies
 














this website uses cookies that measure website usage and help us give you the best experience. by continuing to use this website, you consent to this website’s use of these cookies and you accept and agree to our website privacy policy and terms of use.














