






applied information resources
























































 


skip to content














  


search for:








homeaboutair incprojectscontactforumscommunity forumsprevious forums 2022previous forums 2021previous forums 2020previous forums 2019previous forums 2018previous forums 2017previous forums 2016evaluationresourceslinkspublicationspolitical reformnewslettersdonate












home910 west2025-02-14t09:34:29-07:00 
public policy and community information research

sign up for email noticespast forumsupcoming forumsthursday, february 20 , 2025, 12 noon-1:00 topic what critical issues and problems confront city council in 2025?  vice mayor jan michelle lemon kearney assesses what faces cincinnati city government in the  months ahead
sign up for notices of upcoming forumsnext forum thursday, february 20, 2025, noon, in person and zoom christ church cathedral what critical issues and problems confront city council in 2025? vice mayor jan michelle lemon kearney assesses what faces cincinnati city government in the  months ahead.  at the next community issues forum on thursday february 20th, vice mayor jan michelle lemon kearney will present her assessment of what faces city government in the coming months. are city leaders concerned about actions now being taken by the new administration in washington, d.c?  as usual, a question and comment period will be available for forum attendees.

click to watch on youtube


 announcementsapplied information resources’ work in the community 
the community issues forums held at christ church, led by bill woods and ed burdell always engage with peaslee’s popular and social justice education programs, including when the forums travel to peaslee to be in a community space.  you have deep respect for our work researching and developing the equitable development rubric, and our work advocating for affordable housing in our city. your recognition that our voices have something valuable to say is much appreciated.
by bonnie neumeier
read more







immigrant dignity coalition





























our work assembling rapid response teams continues as we face new rumors and threats of ice activity every day. join us in the social hall of mt. auburn presbyterian church to find out how you can plug into the movement. new: zoom participants must register in advance in order to receive the link.
immigrant dignity coalition meeting
wednesday, february 26
6:30 – 8:00 pm
mt. auburn presbyterian church
zoom
parking directions here.
register here to join via zoom.
those needing interpretation from english to spanish or french should confirm their attendance by texting/calling 513-400-5963 or emailing samantha@ignitepeace.org.














attend







past forumsforum focused on no oligarchy -how can citizens be effectively involved in preserving democracy and good government. 
date: thursday, february 6 , 2024
“ no oligarchy -how can citizens be effectively involved in preserving democracy and good government practices at a time when the country appears to be going in the opposite direction. at this community issues forum at christ church cathedral on thursday february 6th at noon, catherine turcer, executive director of common cause ohio, and melissa currence, the chair of the excellence in government panel of the cincinnatus association, will lead a discussion on this critical question.
click here to view slides for no oligarchy -how can citizens be effectively involved in preserving democracy and good government.
click on picture below for the voting rights document.

forum focused on preparing locally for trump’s massive immigrant deportation plan
date: thursday, january 23 , 2024
the community issues forum kicks off its 2025 series at noon on thursday january 23rd at peaslee neighborhood center 215 e 14th st.
the forum will feature samantha searls, program director of ignite peace ( formerly the inter community justice and peace center) discussing local planning in preparation for trump’s announced policy of a huge immigration deportation action once he is sworn in as president.
according to searls, cincinnati’s immigrant dignity coalition has been “gearing up” for this announced plan by assembling rapid response teams. she invites people: “come and hear about the changes we anticipate, how we are organizing to protect each other, and how you can get involved.” as usual, time will be set aside for questions and comments.

forum focused on current issues facing cincinnati public schools part ii- speakers – new cincinnati public school superintendent shauna murphy and cft president julie sellers
date: thursday, december 5 , 2024
the next community issues forum on thursday december 5th will feature part ii of “current issues facing cincinnati’s public schools.” speakers will include the new superintendent of cincinnati public schools, cft president julie sellers, and moderator michelle dunn, organizer for the cincinnati federation of teachers. time will be set aside for questions and comments.
see complete video


previous forums 2024
previous forums 2023
previous forums 2022
previous forums 2021
previous forums 2020





 
 





get social








 

 
 
 
 


 
 





































































































































go to top




