



  


mendocino coast botanical gardens - mcbg corp. 2025 | fort bragg, california





























































 mendocino coast botanical gardens, 47 acres of botanical bliss fronting the pacific ocean

search










visit

hours & admissions
dogs in the gardens
group visits & tours
weddings & private eventsprivate eventsweddingselopements
the garden store
the nursery
rhody's garden café
where to stay
driving directions/map


about

news from the gardensnewsletter & article archivesbotanical benefits program
videos from the gardens
photo galleriesbegoniascalifornia native plantscamelliascarnivorous plant displaycoastal bluffscoastal forestconifersdahlia gardenmore »
education programself-guided activitiesworkshopsguided walkssprouts programfarmhouse & education centermaster gardeners
sculpture exhibit
birds in the gardens
employment opportunitiesgardener/horticulturistcustodian
board of directors
media kit


events

docent training
nature walks
call for artists  – art in the gardens
aig t-shirt contest
call for sculptures
rhododendron walks
dahlia care
sprouts activities
rhododendron show
rhodies 101
fruit tree pruning
art in the gardens
festival of lights
ongoing activitiessprouts educational programmosaic basicsbird watching with mendocino coast audubon societyfriends of the gardens (f.o.g.) meeting
past eventsdahlia divisionheirloom seed savingfungi walkbioluminescent organisms talkmonday mushroom walks 2024festival of lights 2024mushroom id workshop 2024holiday wreath salemore »


collections

camellia collection
conifer collection
fuchsia collection
heath & heather collection
magnolia collection
rhododendron collectiona world of rhododendrons'the rhododendron' mural
closed-cone pine forest
coastal bluff and marine zonewhale watching"plants" in our marine zonecalifornia coastal national monument
wild mushrooms
native plants
begonias
dahlia garden
heritage rose garden
perennial gardenstaghorn fern
succulent & mediterranean garden
vegetable garden & orchardyour veggie garden now...


support

winter appeal
donateplanned givingqualified charitable contributions
membershipsupporter level membershipahs reciprocal garden networkroam reciprocal program
volunteer
friends of the gardens
local organizations & partnersaccrual mistress bookkeeping and consultingadventist health mendocino coastalegria oceanfront innamerican public gardens associationananse villageanne harvey lodgingarts council of mendocino countyautoimmune & digestive health, anna rathbun, ncmore »


contact

staff directory
media/press inquiries













47 acres and 4 miles of trails to explore...visit our garden by the sea.


a garden for all seasons...learn more about our collections and bloom seasons.


giving to the gardens...there are many opportunities for you to join us in our mission.








as a nonprofit botanical garden, our mission is to engage and enrich lives by displaying and conserving plants in harmony with our northern california coastal ecosystems and to preserve public access to the coast. 

visiting hours & ticket info
the mendocino coast botanical gardens is open daily during the hours listed below, except for thanksgiving day, and christmas day. hours and admission prices will vary on the first weekend in august for our annual summer fundraiser, art in the gardens (8/2 and 8/3/2025).
​​​​​​
winter hours (november - march): 
9:00am to 4:00pm daily
 


admission tickets are available at the main entrance. discounted tickets for guests of mcbg members can be purchased in person at the gardens.


parking is free, but limited. please carpool if possible.


we are dog-friendly with the exception of a handful of special events. dogs must be kept on leash at all times.


ahs reciprocal admissions program members receive free admissions with proof of current membership.

groups with 15 or more guests are required to schedule a group visit or guided tour with our administrative coordinator at least 4 weeks in advance. special ticket prices are not available for groups of 15 or more guests (i.e., junior, senior, coast resident, etc…).

 

membership
purchase a new membership   .   renew your membership
gift a membership
sign in to your membership profile
membership to the mendocino coast botanical gardens gives you free admission to the gardens for individuals or for the household (depending on membership level), discounted admission for guests of members, discounts on workshops, discounts in the garden store and nursery, invitations to special member events, free or discounted admission at more than 360 other public gardens (find participating gardens), and more. click here to see all the benefits!
 

  

news & events
nature walkscome explore the gardens' natural history and learn to think like a naturalist!learn more...winter appealthis annual request for your support makes a critical difference. we hope you will consider making a donation to help...learn more...rhododendron walksjoin us this spring for a guided rhododendron walk at mendocino coast botanical gardens each friday in march and april at 1pm.learn more... 

what's in bloom
camellia collectionthe camellia collection at mendocino coast botanical gardens includes numerous species, selected cultivars, and interspecific hybrids. in fact, mendocino coast...learn more...wild mushroomswild mushrooms abound at mendocino coast botanical gardens in the autumn.learn more...fuchsia collectionhere on the north coast, fuchsias enjoy a nearly perfect climate. the mendocino coast botanical gardens maintains a collection of...learn more... 

ongoing volunteer opportunities
perennial garden weedingtuesdays 10am and 1pmlearn more... native plants & natural areassaturdays from 1:30pm to 4:30pmlearn more... heath & heather collectionmondays from 10am to 1pmlearn more...


collection highlights
conifer collectionthe conifer collection at mendocino coast botanical gardens contains nearly 200 different varieties, including dwarf, intermediate, and large specimens. of...learn more...heritage rose gardenthe heritage rose garden at mendocino coast botanical gardens features varieties dating to the 19th century.learn more...begoniastuberous begonias at mendocino coast botanical gardens lend a riot of color to the mae e. lauer display house from...learn more... 


open hourswinter (nov-mar): 9:00am to 4:00pm
		summer (apr-oct): 9:00am to 5:00pm
		admission ratesmembership
make a donation
volunteer
 

upcoming eventsdocent trainingtuesday, february 4, 2025 through tuesday, march 4, 2025nature walkssaturday, february 15, 2025 through saturday, july 19, 2025call for artists  – art in the gardenswednesday, january 22, 2025 through monday, march 24, 2025aig t-shirt contestwednesday, january 15, 2025 through monday, march 31, 2025call for sculpturesmonday, january 27, 2025 through monday, march 31, 2025rhododendron walksfriday, march 7, 2025 through friday, april 25, 2025


gallery highlightspotting hutchmendocino arborexotic wood benchview more in the my garden 2013 auction items gallery...


highlighted businessesamerican public gardens associationnoyo & co.nye ranchsee more in our directory...









contact us
 mendocino coast
botanical gardens
707-964-4352
18220 north highway 1
fort bragg, ca 95437
— — —
contact the gardens 



quick infoevents
donate
become a member
——  follow us  ——
facebook
instagram
youtube
news from the gardens
 
 














search




the gardens is a nonprofit, 501(c)(3) organization.
mendocino coast botanical gardens is located on land purchased by the california coastal conservancy and owned by the mendocino coast recreation and park district.
      






copyright © 2025 mendocino coast botanical gardens












