








	national defense university





























skip to main content (press enter).




toggle navigation








national defense university
educating, developing and inspiring national security leaders


                    national defense university
                






search


search ndu: 


search




search ndu: 


search










home
		


about



vision & mission
            


leadership
            


institutional data
            


history
            


board of visitors
            


ndu foundation
            


social media hub
            




colleges
		


incoming student information
		


academics



programs and courses
            


registrar
            


libraries
            


ay24-25 ndu catalog
            


ay24-25 north campus electives catalog
            


academic policies
            


institutional research



accreditation
            


student achievement
            






research



institute for national strategic studies



about inss
            






centers



center for applied strategic learning
            


center for joint and strategic logistics
            




careers



employment
            


academic position descriptions
            


internships
            


employment verification
            




community



alumni



alumni update form
            


continuing education resources
            


alumni social media hub
            


hall of fame program
            






privacy



privacy act authorities
            


data usage
            


transmitting pii and sensitive data
            


pii breach reporting
            


contractor privacy responsibilities
            


sorns
            


privacy impact assessments
            


privacy act requests
            


foia requests
            




contact



map & directions
            


library visit request
            


dvot program
            




















ndu educates joint warfighters and other national security leaders in critical thinking and the creative application of military power to inform national strategy and globally integrated operations, under conditions of disruptive change, in order to prevail in war, peace, and competition.








welcome ndu class of 2025!  incoming student guidance →


























joint force quarterly 115

                        the key to arctic dominance: establishing an arctic-focused subordinate unified command
                        
                    
joseph r. blume, nathan l. golike, geoffrey r. latimer, and michael stanski

this article discusses the strategic importance of establishing an arctic-focused subordinate unified command under usnorthcom to enhance the responsiveness and resilience of the u.s. armed forces. 















joint force quarterly 115

                        giving our “paper tiger” real teeth: fixing the u.s. military’s plans for contested logistics against china
                        
                    
zachary s. hughes, national war college

this article explores the growing concerns about the u.s. military’s ability to deter or win a conflict with china in the western pacific, focusing on the role of logistics in future military success.















joint force quarterly 115

                        one hundredth anniversary of the eisenhower school for national security and resource strategy: a tribute in three verses
                        
                    
gregory d. foster, dwight d. eisenhower school for national security and resource strategy, national defense university

the year 2024 marks the 100th anniversary of the dwight d. eisenhower school for national security and resource strategy. 















joint force quarterly 114

                        jointness as virtue: increasing the value of joint qualification to the joint force and services
                        
                    
thomas d. crimmins, eric s. fowler, and daryl a. chamberlain

ιn “balancing nonresident joint professional military education with military life,” commander doug morea makes the salient point that the current joint professional military education (jpme) process fails the individual joint warfighter in preparing for the challenges of serving in combatant commands and other joint forces. as joint educators, we agree with commander morea’s premise and offer that the current jpme model not only fails the individual joint warfighter but is also wholly inadequate for what the joint force requires both today and in an uncertain future. 








































joint force quarterly 116

as we go to press with this issue, bashar al-asad, one of the longtime dictators in the middle east, has fled to russia, and the syrian people have risen to make that happen. in a similar way to the experiences of the germans who lived under communist rule for decades until the fall of the berlin wall 35 years ago, syrians are both rejoicing and awakening to the full impact of an authoritarian regime now passing into the dustbin of history.









joint force quarterly 115

by the time you read this, our national elections will be imminent. our next president, regardless of whom that will be, must confront the world as it is, not as it could be. no one solution will fit all foreign conflicts, and none of these will necessarily fit our domestic needs.









joint force quarterly 114

joint force quarterly recently moved the modern web-based platform digital commons (https://digitalcommons. ndu.edu), to provide better access to its collection of cutting-edge and historical work on the joint force and more. check out jfq 114, and provide ndu press with your feedback! 









joint force quarterly 113

one of the driving factors in the publishing world since the widespread use of the internet is digital content delivery. joint force quarterly readers will note that jfq—the journal of the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff—has been available digitally since summer 1997, with jfq 16.









joint force quarterly 112

and as you work through some of the pressing issues facing the joint force, we are here to help your ideas get a complete and full airing out. the only way we can change is to help each other to see the need to do so and then suggest a proper path to that new future. we need you to help be a good wingman and show us how to succeed. 
























the ndu foundation gift shop is now available online
alumni, friends and family no longer have to travel to fort mcnair to get their ndu swag! show your ndu pride with items from the foundation's wide assortment of jackets, shirts, hats, backpacks, mugs and more! the ndu foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit supporting ndu. this notice does not imply endorsement of the ndu foundation or its products by the federal government, dod or ndu. 







ndu links







current opm operating status







contact ndu







directions to ndu







ndu protocol officer













































 
 
 



 dod link disclaimer


 dod performance & strategic mgmt plans


 ndu foia requests




 dod privacy policy


 dod plain writing


 ndu system of records notice




 dod open government


 dod information quality


 ndu privacy and security notice




 dod privacy program


 dod section 508 statement & reporting form


 ndu.edu site map




 dod no fear act


 usa.gov


 








 











national defense university
   fort lesley j. mcnair
   washington, dc 20319-5066


 




contact ndu




 














hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













