






home | gannon university





























skip to main content






applyvisitgive
 
 menu






apply
visit
info





about
academics
admissions
student life
tuition and aid 
athletics
alumni
events
a catholic university





commencement
ways to give
directory
campus map
bookstore
employment at gannon
my gannon
emergency updates
campus safety


erie109 university squareerie, pa 16541
ruskin105 commercial center driveruskin, fl 33573
phone number1-800-gannon-u
















close














hide video







inspired by faith. grounded in our past. focused on the future
gannon’s story began a century ago, rooted in the rich catholic tradition of faith and community. as our namesake, archbishop john mark gannon, sought to create an opportunity for all to attain a college education.   

for the decades since, gannon has stood strong as a testament of faith guiding countless students toward futures with endless possibilities.   

our 100th year is a momentous milestone in which we reflect and celebrate while eagerly planning for our next century of possibilities. 
explore the legacy

a location for you


erie, pennsylvania



gannon’s erie campus in the heart of downtown is central to businesses and organizations providing project and internship experiences. enjoy a vibrant urban entertainment scene and lake erie beaches all within a two-hour drive of cleveland, buffalo and pittsburgh.
about erie



ruskin, florida



gannon’s ruskin location, between tampa and bradenton, is the perfect combination of livable and  beautiful. find yourself in a rapidly expanding health care sector with possibilities to engage in educational outreach activities.
about ruskin



online



receive your degree in targeted, high-demand fields from wherever you are. gannon’s distance programs provide flexible and current educational opportunities to expand your career options.
online education

 








notable knights
meghan finton '20
doctor of physical therapy, ruskin

each setting was different and allowed us hands on experience out in the field. the professors and engaging labs also played a big role in my development

read more






notable knights
kady brink
applied exercise science

gannon encourages us to not only focus on our studies but also on serving others. it was a reminder of the power of community and how small acts of kindness can have a big impact.

read more






notable knights
valerie russell  '23
ruskin physician assistant program

from taking study breaks at the beach and visiting the manatee viewing center to cooking thanksgiving dinner together, gannon provided me with endless memories i’ll always cherish

read more






notable knights
zainab al tamimi
biomedical engineering major

my takeaway was, no matter what experiences you get, focus on the technical expertise, the skills that you gather, because those are the things that will stick

read more






notable knights
bella fried
junior, theater communications major

i’ve always done theater, it’s what i love and the more i got to know schuster the more i wanted to be in schuster.

read more











believe in the possibilities
think about what you love to do, where you imagine yourself working, or what you want to accomplish in the future. it's all possible at gannon.
explore our programs




a welcoming community
gannon is a community founded on honor, courage and achievement. these values carry into every aspect of life at gannon: in athletics and academics, in our global travels, and in the communities we serve.









launch
          virtual tour experience








victoria bartlett '23
cybersecurity
i enjoy learning about subjects from various majors including electrical engineering, computer science, and more. the program encourages collaboration, innovation and creativity. there is a focus on what the industry will look like in the future, and it’s inspiring to think about all the possibilities.
view video




timothy edwards
freshwater and marine biology
my courses have introduced me to a lot of modern, applicable skills, and the professors have
helped me find and apply for many research and internship opportunities.




claudia herrero
public service and global affairs 
the school of public service & global affairs gave me the opportunity to customize my academic path through specific classes, internships and travel experiences that will lead me to a successful career.








visit gannon
apply
request information


 

13:1
student-to-faculty ratio













 

90+
student clubs and organizations













 

95%
qualify for financial assistance













 

gannon signs strategic partnership with ursuline college
a premiere institution of catholic higher education on lake erie started to take shape as the presidents of gannon university and ursuline college announced they had signed a letter of intent to enter a strategic partnership. the move, which is contingent on the successful completion of due diligence, will create an institution with about 6,000 students, 1,300 employees, and campuses in three states – ohio, pennsylvania, and florida. once complete, it will be the largest catholic university system in the region.
learn more
university newsmore news




gannon university to celebrate black history month with multiple events
february is black history month, and gannon university will be hosting multiple events to celebrate.

gannon students head to the big easy to work super bowl lix gannon university athletics unveils new brand with highmark re-openinggannon university appoints vice president for marketing and enrollment 

@gannonu
view social



 





upcoming events
more events









feb
2







                sunday mass


10:00 am - 11:00 am









feb
2







                sunday mass


8:00 pm - 9:00 pm









feb
5







                women's basketball vs edinboro


5:30 pm - 7:30 pm

women's basketball vs edinboro







feb
5







                men's basketball vs edinboro


7:30 pm - 9:30 pm

men's basketball vs edinboro







feb
6







                community mass


11:00 am - 11:30 am









feb
9







                sunday mass


10:00 am - 11:00 am









feb
9







                sunday mass


4:00 pm - 5:00 pm









feb
13







                community mass


11:00 am - 11:30 am



















make this gannon yours

apply
visit 






109 university squareerie, pa 16541
105 commercial center driveruskin, fl 33573
1-800-gannon-u


resources

employment
admissions
tuition and fees
emergency updates
emergency resources
procurement (request for proposals)



visitors

campus map
virtual tour
bookstore
directory





we believe in the possibilities that will come when you join our campaign – the ones that inspire generations of students, faculty and alumni to pursue bold opportunities that transform them and those in their communities across the world.
make a gift today





privacy
policy manual
accessibility
non-discrimination
title ix
ethics reporting
student consumer











©  2024 gannon university






