











































 









virginia military institute (vmi)


















start your journey:  
inquire
visit
apply






myvmioffices a-zcalendargive










 





start your journey:  
inquire
    visit
   apply






 










about


no ordinary college
vmi produces leaders and individuals whose daily lives reflect the integrity, fairness, and appreciation for the value of hard work that is instilled at the institute.




about the institute

quick facts
history of vmi
our location



governance

board of visitors
administration
regulations and policies



news and events

latest news from post
featured stories
events calendar



forging 21st century leaders: strategic plan 2024-2034




admissions


for all aspiring leaders
vmi: an undergraduate experience like no other. since 1839, this historic military college has produced leaders of integrity and honor. the institute is ranked #5 in the nation for return on investment by money magazine.




get to know vmi

open house, tours, and more
meet the admissions team
request information



join the corps of cadets

academic & physical preparation
submit your application today
appointed students information



financial aid

tuition & fees
types of aid
applying for aid







academics


rigor and excellence
cadets participate in a challenging four-year core curriculum of 14 nationally recognized majors in engineering, the sciences, and the humanities, with an array of enrichment opportunities. the institute boasts a student to teacher ratio of 10:1.




academic overview

academic program
majors & minors
departments
summer programs



excellence and achievement

institute honors
institute scholars
peay merit scholarships
academic support



research & enrichment

undergraduate research
institute writing
global education
preston library







rotc


preparing military leaders
vmi boasts one of the leading reserve officer training corps (rotc) programs in the united states. the program challenges cadets to focus on strengthening both mind and body while pursuing ideals of discipline, honor, and respect. the institute also offers one of only 14 coast guard auxiliary university programs in the nation.




the program

overview
rotc scholarship opportunities
additional funding



rotc units

army rotc
navy and marine corps rotc
air force rotc, including space force



other ways to serve

coast guard aup
federal & local employment







cadet life


what sets vmi apart?
vmi inspires and is committed to excellence. the corps of cadets is able to utilize the training offered by a 24/7 military environment to develop into leaders of honor and character. they apply a mindset of overcoming adversity towards academic and athletic goals, and for those who commission, towards exemplary military service.




the corps

daily life
leadership and development
clubs & activities



events & traditions

matriculation
ring figure
graduation



health, wellness & safety

infirmary
vmi police
title ix







athletics


compete to win
vmi believes that all cadets are athletes and all athletes are cadets. athletics at vmi form an integral part of the mission to develop the whole person. the keydets participate in ncaa division i. 




let's go keydets!

vmi athletics homepage
events calendar
latest news



an in-depth look

cadet-athlete development
keydets youtube
social media directory



support cadet-athletes

fan gear - vmi bookstore
go big red!







community


connecting with lexington, the commonwealth, and the world.
vmi is deeply connected to its alumni and the surrounding lexington community. there are a number of opportunities across post for the public to support the institute's mission and cadets, seeing first-hand what makes vmi no ordinary college.




families & friends

visiting post
vmi calendar
vmi social media



lifelong learning

preston library
museums & archives
conferences



alumni & donors

vmi alumni association
keydet club
vmi foundation













about
admissions
academics
rotc
cadet life
athletics
community
library
museums and archives
conferences
offices a-z
calendar
give
myvmi
 






 

myvmioffices a-zcalendargive











vmi cadets train and learn with their rotc units during fall ftx and participate in commissioning ceremonies.


rotc at vmi: answer the call
recipients of a three or four-year rotc national scholarship, explore an opportunity to have the institute help fund your journey toward military leadership.
call to duty scholarships





ranked the #4 public liberal arts college by u.s. news and world report, virginia military institute offers small class sizes, academically challenging undergraduate programs, division i athletics, and the largest rotc program in the nation.
ranked the #4 public liberal arts college by u.s. news and world report, virginia military institute offers small class sizes, academically challenging undergraduate programs, division i athletics, and the largest rotc program in the nation.















affording vmi

merit scholarships

degree programs

joining the corps










    	vmi community updates
    

institute leadership continues to communicate important information for cadets, their families, faculty & staff, and the vmi community at-large:

vote for moe! the ingles socon mascot challenge for 2025 is live. ingles is awarding $1,000 to the winning mascot's athletic scholarship program and donating another $1,000 on behalf of that school to hoops against hunger. vote daily!
there are a number of speaker events on post this week open to the public:

the center for leadership and ethics (cle) will kick off the courageous leadership speakers series with idf veteran and ceo of the miryam institute benjamin anthony monday feb. 17 at 7:45 p.m.
the cle and adams center for military history will host col. (ret.) roland tiso jr. ’73, wed., feb. 19 at 8 p.m.
the dean’s academic speakers program and the department of history welcome dr. robert g. parkinson, wed., feb. 19 at 8 p.m.


cadets: last chance to register for an upcoming info session monday, feb. 17 at 8 p.m. in scott shipp hall, room 268 to learn more about the summer undergraduate entrepreneurial program (suep). this program provides field trips to local start-ups, interactions with innovators and entrepreneurs, guest speaker events, and hands-on experience in developing and pitching new business ideas. best of all: cadets selected to participate receive three elective course credits with free tuition and room and board! rsvp soon, space is limited.
vmi will once again host the america east men's and women's championship for swimming and diving in the aquatic center. visit aesd's site for information on events, specific times, and admissions costs for wed., feb. 19 - sat., feb. 22.

ⓘ  vmi community: to receive important information concerning emergencies, weather, traffic, and parking, text the word "keydet" to 772-95.
















                	nothing given. everything earned.
                
at vmi, breakout represents a culmination of discipline, teamwork, and resilience. these young leaders have endured challenges most can’t imagine — and emerged stronger, together. starting with an early morning wake-up, the 2025+3 rat mass came together feb. 10 and, with the guidance, support, and encouragement of corps leadership and their brother rats, successfully broke out of the rat line, becoming 4th class cadets.
welcome to the corps, class of 2028!
connect with vmi on social media for more photos and videos from breakout 2025.






upcoming events at vmi





all events


news from post



vmi psychologists research veteran suicide prevention
col. glenn sullivan, associate professor, and maj. michael larocca, assistant professor in the department of psychology, are concerned with those statistics, and have received a $150,000 grant from the virginia department of veterans services to conduct research on veteran suicide prevention.


 


all-southern conference faculty and staff recognized
mattie queensberry smith, ph.d., instructor in the department of english, rhetoric, and humanistic studies and col. shannon eskam, assistant superintendent for strategic enrollment management/director of financial aid, were recognized during the feb. 8 home basketball game against the citadel.


 


award winning historian and author speaks at vmi
robert g. parkinson, ph.d., award winning historian of the american revolution and author, will address the bewilderment, chaos, disorder and complexities during the american revolution, and highlight individual stories of the nation’s founding. 


 


israel policy expert to speak at vmi
benjamin anthony, co-founder and chief executive officer of the new york-based miryam institute, will speak at vmi part of the vmi center for leadership and ethics’ courageous leadership speaker series.


 superintendent's newsletter
more news









vmi: forging 21st century leaders
















lexington, virginia 24450general information: (540) 464-7230 admissions: admissions@vmi.edu 
follow vmi on social media:
                   
 


 
interested students

admissions
financial aid
majors & minors
academic support
cadet life
rotc at vmi
keydets athletics



 
cadets & community

news from post
calendar of events
health, wellness & safety
preston library
museums & archives
vmi social media
alumni agencies



 
institute information

our location
offices a-z
jobs at the institute
student consumer information
regulations & policies
freedom of information act
inspector general & title ix














© virginia military institute  technical questions? contact the web team.




















