




english standard version (biblia.com)




































































a


a




link panels (synchronize references)
	


go to table of contents
	


single column
	

stretch across both columns
	

show reading view ( fullscreen )
	




a


a







share


loading…













sorry, an error was encountered while loading comparison.
sorry, an error was encountered while loading the book.
sorry, you don't have permission to view that book.
no matches.
sorry, an error was encountered while loading part of the book.
an error occurred while marking the devotional as read.
an error occurred while accessing favorites





sign in


						or
					

create a free account





























the future of bible study is here.
learn more






























home
library

		
search  for:

	













loading…















      reading plans
      



you have not started any reading plans.
more »

















      about biblia
      




switch to mobile


tag bible references


plugins


biblia api


forums





								change language
							




english


french


german


spanish


portuguese


chinese (simplified)


chinese (traditional)


korean

















		a service of logos bible software







sign in or register for a free account to set your preferred bible and rate books.
		





































				english standard version
			









restore columns
exit fullscreen





			share
		


















the word became flesh  1 ain the beginning was bthe word, and cthe word was with god, and dthe word was god. 2 he was in the beginning with god. 3 eall things were made through him, and without him was not any thing made that was made. 4 fin him was life,1 and gthe life was the light of men. 5 hthe light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.   6 there was a man isent from god, whose name was jjohn. 7he came as a kwitness, to bear witness about the light, lthat all might believe through him. 8 mhe was not the light, but came to bear witness about the light.   9 nthe true light, which gives light to everyone, was coming into the world. 10 he was in the world, and the world was made through him, yet othe world did not know him. 11 he came to phis own,2 and qhis own people3 rdid not receive him. 12 but to all who did receive him, swho believed in his name, the gave the right uto become vchildren of god, 13 who wwere born, xnot of blood ynor of the will of the flesh nor of the will of man, but of god.   14 and zthe word abecame flesh and bdwelt among us, cand we have seen his glory, glory as of the only son4 from the father, full of dgrace and etruth. 15 (fjohn bore witness about him, and cried out, “this was he of whom i said, g‘he who comes after me ranks before me, because he was before me.’ ”) 16 for from hhis fullness we have all received, igrace upon grace.5 17 for jthe law was given through moses; kgrace and truth came through jesus christ. 18 lno one has ever seen god; mthe only god,6 who is at the father’s side,7 nhe has made him known.   the testimony of john the baptist  19 and this is the otestimony of john, when the jews sent priests and levites from jerusalem to ask him, p“who are you?” 20 qhe confessed, and did not deny, but confessed, “i am not the christ.” 21 and they asked him, “what then? rare you elijah?” he said, “i am not.” “are you sthe prophet?” and he answered, “no.” 22 so they said to him, “who are you? we need to give an answer to those who sent us. what do you say about yourself?” 23 he said, “i am tthe voice of one crying out in the wilderness, ‘make straight8 the way of the lord,’ as the prophet isaiah said.”   24 (now they had been sent from the pharisees.) 25 they asked him, u“then why are you baptizing, if you are neither the christ, nor elijah, nor the prophet?” 26 john answered them, v“i baptize with water, but among you stands one you do not know, 27 even whe who comes after me, the strap of whose sandal i am not worthy to untie.” 28 these things took place in bethany across the jordan, where john was baptizing.   behold, the lamb of god  29 the next day he saw jesus coming toward him, and said, “behold, xthe lamb of god, who ytakes away the sin zof the world! 30 this is he of whom i said, a‘after me comes a man who ranks before me, because he was before me.’ 31 i myself did not know him, but bfor this purpose i came baptizing with water, that he might be revealed to israel.” 32 and john cbore witness: d“i saw the spirit descend from heaven like a dove, and eit remained on him. 33 i myself did not know him, but fhe who sent me to baptize gwith water said to me, ‘he on whom you see the spirit descend and remain, hthis is he who baptizes gwith the holy spirit.’ 34 and i have seen and have borne witness that this is the son9 of god.”   jesus calls the first disciples  35 the next day again john was standing with two of his disciples, 36 and he looked at jesus as he walked by and said, “behold, ithe lamb of god!” 37 the two disciples heard him say this, and they followed jesus. 38 jesus turned and saw them following and said to them, j“what are you seeking?” and they said to him, k“rabbi” (which means teacher), “where are you staying?” 39 he said to them, “come and you will see.” so they came and saw where he was staying, and they stayed with him that day, for it was about the tenth hour.10 40 lone of the two who heard john speak and followed jesus11 was andrew, simon peter’s brother. 41 he first found his own brother simon and said to him, “we have found mthe messiah” (which means christ). 42 he brought him to jesus. jesus looked at him and said, “you are simon the son of njohn. you shall be called ocephas” (which means ppeter12).   jesus calls philip and nathanael  43 qthe next day jesus decided rto go to galilee. he found philip and said to him, “follow me.” 44 now sphilip was from bethsaida, the city of andrew and peter. 45 philip found tnathanael and said to him, “we have found him of whom umoses in the law and also the prophets wrote, jesus vof nazareth, wthe son of joseph.” 46 nathanael said to him, x“can anything good come out of nazareth?” philip said to him, “come and see.” 47 jesus saw nathanael coming toward him and said of him, “behold, yan israelite indeed, zin whom there is no deceit!” 48 nathanael said to him, “how ado you know me?” jesus answered him, “before philip called you, when you were under the fig tree, i saw you.” 49 nathanael answered him, b“rabbi, cyou are the son of god! you are the dking of israel!” 50 jesus answered him, “because i said to you, ‘i saw you under the fig tree,’ do you believe? you will see greater things than these.” 51 and he said to him, “truly, truly, i say to you,13 you will see eheaven opened, and fthe angels of god ascending and descending on gthe son of man.”  














about english standard version


			the english standard version™ is founded on the conviction that the words of the bible are the very words of god. and because the words themselves—not just the thoughts or ideas—are inspired by god, each word must be translated with the greatest precision and accuracy. as jesus himself stressed, “man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of god” (matt. 4:4).
		

			this passion for god’s word is the driving force behind the translation of the esv™ bible. the english standard version™ does not try to “improve” on the original in light of today’s culture or by using trendy language. instead, the utmost care has been taken to express god’s word in english that most closely captures the meaning of the original, with understandability, beauty, and impact.
		




copyright




				the classic reference edition, english standard version® (esv®)copyright © 2016 by crossway bibles,a publishing ministry of good news publishersall rights reserved.
			

				the holy bible, english standard versioncopyright © 2016 by crossway bibles,a publishing ministry of good news publishersall rights reserved.
			

				esv text edition (2016)
			

				the esv text may be quoted (in written, visual, or electronic form) up to and inclusive of five hundred (500) verses without express written permission of the publisher, providing that the verses quoted do not amount to a complete book of the bible nor do the verses quoted account for twenty-five (25%) percent or more of the total text of the work in which they are quoted. 
			

				the esv text may be quoted for audio use (audio cassettes, cd’s, audio television) up to five hundred (500) verses without express written permission of the publisher providing that the verses quoted do not amount to a complete book of the bible nor do the verses quoted account for twenty-five (25%) percent or more the total text of the work in which they are quoted.
			

				notice of copyright must appear as follows on the title page or copyright page of printed works quoting from the esv, or in a corresponding location when the esv is quoted in other media:
			


					“scripture quotations are from the esv® bible (the holy bible, english standard version®), copyright © 2001 by crossway bibles, a publishing ministry of good news publishers. used by permission. all rights reserved.”
				


				when more than one translation is quoted in printed works or another media, the foregoing notice of copyright should begin as follows:
			


					“unless otherwise indicated, all scriptures are from ... [etc.]”, or, 
				

					“scripture quotations marked esv are from ... [etc.].”
				


				the “esv” and “english standard version” are registered trademarks of good news publishers. use of either trademark beyond the use described in this permission notice requires the permission of good news publishers.
			

				when quotations from the esv text are used in non-saleable media, such as church bulletins, orders of services, posters, transparencies, or similar media, a complete copyright notice is not required, but the initials (esv) must appear at the end of a quotation.
			

				publication of any commentary or other biblical reference work produced for commercial sale that uses the english standard version must include written permission for the use of the esv text.
			

				permission requests that exceed the above guidelines must be directed to: good news publishers, attn: bible rights, 1300 crescent street, wheaton, ill. 60187.
			

				permission requests for use within the uk and eu that exceed the above guidelines must be directed to: harpercollins religious, 77-85 fulham palace road, hammersmith, london, w6 8jb, england.
			

				published by good news publisherswheaton, illinois 60187, u.s.a.www.goodnewspublishers.org
			

good news publishers (including crossway bibles) is a not-for-profit organization that exists solely for the purpose of publishing the good news of the gospel and the truth of god's word, the bible.
			




support info
esv






					table of contents
				













































