



thezensite: home page













 this site is part of the zen buddhism virtual librarythis page last modified on 
  

 








thezensite: 
home page 





dogen studies

nagarjuna


dogen teachings


koans


history


teachings


updates


reading list

book reviews 


critical zen  


philosophy


sutras


misc. essays





this is the homepage of www.thezensite.com. questions, broken links, suggestions, etc, please 


zen teachings

dogen teachings 
translations & sutras
commentaries & teishos
koan collections & studies
miscellaneous zen teachings
zen centers 

buddhism by numbers
photo essay: on the budda trail in india
five ranks of t'saotung
tung-shan's shi & li
zen masters' names
non-english sites & teachings 

zen essays

dogen studies
nagarjuna & the madhyamika
zen history 
critiques of zen
philosophical zen studies
miscellaneous zen essays
zen books reviewed
reading lists
book sources 
zen links 

academic sites & journals
other interesting sites 
non-zen topics  
essays of interest
sites of interest
miscellaneous materials
humour
art    

updates to thezensite 

search thezensite



questions, broken links, suggestions, etc please
contact me


if you wish to support thezensite you may make a small donation here to help defray costs.
    





 

    i support and recommend mailgw to help reduce spam. 






this is the homepage of www.thezensite.com, a site dedicated to a better understanding of zen buddhism.
      

      here you will find access to a wide variety of materials about zen buddhism, its history, teachings, and philosophy as well as some critiques of zen. there are also some links to non-zen topics which you may find interesting. please browse around.

      material is generally in alphabetical order by author or topic.

      the teachings page includes commentaries and teishos by various teachers, mostly contemporary teachers such as    thich nhat hanh, john daido loori,  ama samy,       harada tangen roshi and many others. the old soto founder, dogen zenji, has two sections of his own, dogen teachings and dogen studies. 

      there's quite a bit of material in the "miscellaneous" section of both the zen teachings and the zen essays section. these are writings that are interesting but don't fit regularly into any category (or there's not enough of them to create their own category yet). please browse through them; you are sure to find something of interest.

      thezensite has its own reading list. if you click through to amazon to purchase one of these books (or indeed, any item) you are supporting thezensite. thank you.

      i highly recommend the search facility on this site. if you can't find what you're looking for readily, try the search box on this page. it works like a regular google search with key words or phrases. 

      this site uses active x and javascript. there are no harmful elements on this site. 


      this site is dedicated to spreading the buddha dharma. any copyright material 
      mirrored on this site is intended for private personal study. this is a non-commercial site
      and no charge is made for any materials. 
      copyright owners may, if they wish,  request to have material removed.    




 
      thank you.
      please report any broken links. 







        tell a friend:
  







 
note: i do not keep any email addresses that are entered here. 
 








search the contents of thezensite here










 only search thezensite


 
















