
















the sun magazine




















 

we use cookies to improve our services and remember your choices for future visits. for more information see our privacy policy and terms of use.


acceptdeny
closesearch 50 years of archivessearchcontact ussubscribesubmission guidelinessindependent, reader-supported publishingsign outmy accountsign incurrent issuefebruary 2025the sun interviewby leath toninowhere the wild things arejohn davis on the urgency of expanding north america’s wilderness
tonino: where would we humans go if we returned half the continent to the wild creatures?


davis: well, much of canada and the american west is already rather uninhabited by humans. in fact, i suspect more than half of the continent could become ecological reserves. i like the idea that, instead of wilderness islands within a matrix of human development, we reverse the pattern, and humans live densely clustered within a wild matrix. it’s not politically or economically feasible right now, but some such arrangement might be possible eventually.readers writeby our readerstentson a solo backpacking trip, in a desert military base, at a church revivalin this issuearchivesfeatured selectionsbrowse by yearbrowse topicsbrowse sectionsjanuary 2025december 2024november 2024october 2024september 2024august 2024browse 50 years of archivesnews and eventsnews & noteseventssubmitletter to the editorreaders writeessays, fiction & poetryphotographydonatesearchrenewsubscribepersonal. political. 
 
provocative. ad-free.subscribe and save up to 45%renew your subscriptiongive the gift of the sunsubscribegive the gift of the sunindependent, reader-supported publishing subscribe and save up to 45%renew your subscriptionsubscribegive the gift of the sunmy accountsign outsign incartcurrent issuearchivesarrowfeatured selectionsbrowse by yearbrowse topicsbrowse sectionsnews and eventsnews & noteseventssubmitletter to the editorreaders writeessays, fiction & poetryphotographydonatesearch 50 years of archivessearchcontact ussubscribesubmission guidelinessturn a new pageenjoy your first issue for freetry the sunfebruary 2025in this issuenews & notesanimal naturepoetry in our february issuebynancy holochwost• february 6, 2025heart and homea conversation with poet reese menefeebynancy holochwost• january 31, 2025tips, getting dressed, and graffitiupcoming readers write deadlinesjanuary 30, 2025all news & notesthe sun interviewwhere the wild things arejohn davis on the urgency of expanding north america’s wilderness
tonino: where would we humans go if we returned half the continent to the wild creatures?


davis: well, much of canada and the american west is already rather uninhabited by humans. in fact, i suspect more than half of the continent could become ecological reserves. i like the idea that, instead of wilderness islands within a matrix of human development, we reverse the pattern, and humans live densely clustered within a wild matrix. it’s not politically or economically feasible right now, but some such arrangement might be possible eventually.by leath tonino essays, memoirs & true storiesafter all thiswhen twenty first graders were slaughtered and the country responded without a national gun-buyback program, national red-flag laws, universal background checks, a national wait period, a gun registry, an assault-weapons ban, disarming all domestic abusers, ending legal immunity for gun manufacturers, instituting mandatory yearly classes for gun ownership (list all your ideas that could help here), we became complicit.by dana salvadoressays, memoirs & true storiesthis is hard to writei’m learning that crying is what it is, not bad, not good. and that dementia is what it is, not bad, not good. and anything can happen in anyone’s life, anywhere, anytime. not bad, not good.by sy safranskyessays, memoirs & true storiesthe only alternativei’ve taken to telling young people that it takes ten years to get from age twenty to age twenty-five, five years to get from twenty-five to thirty, and three years, tops, to get from thirty to forty. so far, forty to fifty doesn’t seem like it’ll amount to much more than a long weekend. the people my age and older laugh knowingly, and the youngsters nod like sure, sure, whatever you say, gramps, and i am left, every time, wondering why the only thing we know to do with the stuff that terrifies us is to make jokes about it that aren’t really jokes at all.by ron curriereaders writetentson a solo backpacking trip, in a desert military base, at a church revivalby our readersfeatured selectionsessays, memoirs & true storieshuckleberry summerby michael umphreyjanuary 1997essays, memoirs & true storiesthe moral equivalent of wildnessby kathleen dean moorejuly 2005the sun interviewevery reason to stayeva saulitis’s life with whalesby christine byljanuary 2017essays, memoirs & true storiesletter from a cabinon a fifty-mile-long dirt road in montana’s centennial valley, written to my sister in vermont, august 2016, never sentby leath toninodecember 2020more selections from the archivesrecent issuesdecember 2024in this issuedecember 2024november 2024in this issuenovember 2024october 2024in this issueoctober 2024september 2024in this issueseptember 2024august 2024in this issueaugust 2024july 2024in this issuejuly 2024browse 50 years of archivespersonal. political. provocative. ad-free.in each issue of the sun you’ll find some of the most radically intimate and socially conscious writing being published today. in an age of media conglomerates, we’re something of an oddity: an ad-free, independent, reader-supported magazine.about the suncontact usstafffaq
facebooklike us
twitterfollow us
instagramtake a look
privacy policyterms of usecopyright © 1974–2025 the sun. all rights reserved.





 




          sign up for our newsletter
        

          we’ll let you know about new website selections, upcoming events,
          special offers, and more.
        




























