



















nacla |






















jump to navigation








donate   







 









home
magazinewhat is the nacla report?
web exclusives
recent articles
subscribe
faq
advertise

webnews and analysis
en español
reviews
interviews
columns archiveborder wars
rebel currents
nacla-global voices
the other side of paradise
extractives in latin america
mexico, bewildered and contested
red hot burning peace
cuadernos colombianos
manufacturing contempt

photo essays

podcastbrazil on fire
nacla radio

eventsupcoming events
past events

donate
about uswho are we
history
staff & board
jobs/internships
write for nacla
contact us





search form

search 






















  
  
 a new mall for the village: how carbon credits impact indigenous people in guyana
in 2022, guyana became the first country in the world to issue carbon credits on a national scale. indigenous people say they were excluded from the negotiations and criticize the loss of autonomy in their territories.  



  
  
 our comrades in havana: cuba, the soviet union, and eastern europe, 1959-1991 (review)
yordanov’s new book fills a gap in the historiography of the cuban revolution by centering cuba’s post-revolutionary relations with its eastern european allies. 



  
  
 this spanglish bookstore in new york is reclaiming bushwick's sense of latinidad
mil mundos began as a means for maría herrón to reclaim her identity. now, this bookstore’s founder is building a community among latines in brooklyn, new york. 



  
  
 complicating humanitarianism in a world scarred by an empire of borders (review)
two recent books offer nuanced explanations behind the increased violence and militarization toward criminalized immigration in the u.s.-mexico borderlands. 



  
  
 mass grave in medellín tourist hotspot sparks war of words—and walls 
the discovery in historic neighborhood comuna 13, a neighborhood known for its art as much as its dark past, has reignited the debate over paramilitarism in the country. 



  
  
 forensic crisis reveals institutional responsibility in mexico city’s disappearance crisis
in mexico city, families of the disappeared mobilize for justice for their loved ones and the accountability of forensic authorities.  



  
  
 the forgotten victims: orphans of femicide in colombia
in the face of the femicide crisis in colombia, a second crisis persists: hundreds of children are left orphaned each year and without support from the state. 



  
  
 panama canal takeover: an old ghost in a curious present
trump's threat to take back the panama canal signals a new era of u.s. expansionism and the greatest attack on central american sovereignty since the 1990s. 



  
  
 the prestes column: an interior history of modern brazil (review)
through storytelling and analysis, blanc’s book tells an interior history of brazil by recounting the political initiatives and legacy of the prestes column. 



  
  
 a proposal for plurinational popular power woven from below
leonidas iza, ecuador’s presidential candidate with the indigenous-aligned pachakutik political movement, outlines his vision for governing a plurinational state. 



  
  
 in a polarized political climate, ecuador heads to a presidential runoff
ecuador held its general election on february 9. defying the polls, ecuadorians will be heading to a runoff race in april to choose its next president. 






























previous

pause

next








subscribe to the nacla report!







donate



enter your keywords 








home









  
 call for pitches | green capitalism in the americas 
  
 january 14, 2025 
 [closed] nacla is currently accepting proposals for our fall 2025 issue on green capitalism in the lead-up to cop30 in belém, brazil in november. send us your pitches by february 3, 2025.  

  
 to exist is to resist ¡viva palestina libre! 
 sara awartani, pablo seward delaporte, linda quiquivix, and george ygarza 
  
 november 25, 2024 
 the winter 2024 issue of the nacla report explores transcontinental encounters between the land of historical palestine and the land we know as the americas.  

  
 in a polarized political climate, ecuador heads to a presidential runoff 
 marc becker 
  
 february 11, 2025 
 ecuador held its general election on february 9. defying the polls, ecuadorians will be heading to a runoff race in april to choose its next president.  

  
 in the face of violence, catatumbo’s communities call for solidarity  
 priscyll anctil avoine and adriana pérez-rodríguez 
  
 february 10, 2025 
 failed peace negotiations and the battle for control over valuable territory have produced an unprecedented humanitarian catastrophe.  

  
 a proposal for plurinational popular power woven from below 
 malvika gupta 
  
 february 7, 2025 
 leonidas iza, ecuador’s presidential candidate with the indigenous-aligned pachakutik political movement, outlines his vision for governing a plurinational state.  

  
 una propuesta de poder popular plurinacional tejido desde abajo 
 malvika gupta 
  
 february 7, 2025 
 leonidas iza, candidato presidencial del movimiento político indígena ecuatoriano pachakutik esboza sus propuestas para gobernar un estado plurinacional.  

  
 the prestes column: an interior history of modern brazil (review) 
 caio fernandes barbosa 
  
 february 6, 2025 
 through storytelling and analysis, blanc’s book tells an interior history of brazil by recounting the political initiatives and legacy of the prestes column.  

  
 panama canal takeover: an old ghost in a curious present 
 francisco javier bonilla 
  
 february 4, 2025 
 trump's threat to take back the panama canal signals a new era of u.s. expansionism and the greatest attack on central american sovereignty since the 1990s.  

  
 the forgotten victims: orphans of femicide in colombia 
 by anna abraham, tony kirby, and sergio alejandro melgarejo garcía 
  
 february 3, 2025 
 in the face of the femicide crisis in colombia, a second crisis persists: hundreds of children are left orphaned each year and without support from the state.  

  
 trump and the threat of domestic militarization 
 dawn paley, ojalá 
  
 january 31, 2025 
 mexico's experience with the militarization of prohibition and migration is defined by violence and displacement.  

pages1
2
3
…
next ›
last »













sign up for our newsletter!


support nacla! 
as the americas stand at a crossroads, nacla's research and analysis remains as important as ever. can we count on your to support our work?
donate now!


from nacla partners











n


infoabout
staff & board
jobs

support usdonate
subscribe

magazinecurrent issue
archives
advertise

connectfacebook
twitter
instagram




nacla | c/o nyu clacs, 53 washington sq. south fl. 4w, new york, ny 10012 | tel: (212) 992-6965
copyright nacla 2019
	the north american congress on latin america is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization.






