




utah salt flats racing association







facebook
instagram
save the salt
store




utah salt flats racing association


proudly hosting the world of speed on the famous bonneville salt flats. join us on the salt for an exceptional motorsports experience hosted by racers, for racers.








world of speed

september 5-8, 2025

registration forms





introducing your new usfra presidential cabinet (from left to right): justin mcallister, vice president; shayla mcgehee, treasurer; dennis sullivan, president; vern taylor, sergeant at arms; james reeser, secretary





monthly club meetings
 


february 5, march 5, april 2
45 s 400 w, centerville
like our facebook page for updates.






2024 world of speed results



world of speed is a lsr event


usfra events are run in strict compliance with scta rules and regulations. all competition class records set at usfra events are certified by scta officials on site and are recognized as scta competition class records.

any official information about world of speed will be posted here first.








world of speed 2024 results

6 sept 2024 long course (pdf)






7 sept 2024 long course (pdf)






8 sept 2024 long course (pdf)






9 sept 2024 long course (pdf)






new lsr records set (pdf)






new 130 & 150 club members in 2024 (pdf)






cycle karts (pdf)
















bonneville salt flats are shrinking, so what's being done to save them?
fox 13 news featuring club president, dennis sullivan
visit our store






















utah salt flats racing association
			bonneville news and information






world of speed & test-n-tune registration

registration forms
contact the usfra




travel information   
where to stay in wendover
bus and tour information
bonneville weather
salt flats weather resources





past world of speed event race results and photos
the usfra club car





bonneville technical information





salt flats news and articles
bonneville traction
supercharged harley davidson blues
book review of "flat out"
tech inspection articles 
fuel information




bonneville spectator guide 
how are races run at bonneville?
when do the "fast" cars run?
stuck in the salt (don't let this happen to you!)
electric porsche project





130 & 150 mph clubs | street legal & specialty classes




vw 's at bonneville-- the 36 horsepower challenge





130 mph club rules
150 mph club rules




bar stool racing class rules and records
130 mph club hall of fame
150 mph club hall of fame






news 


latest usfra newsletter
fallen usfra racers memorials
usfra's autorama 2010 exhibit
usfra's autorama 2009 exhibit
usfra club display at autorama 2010
burklands 450+ mph pass video



podcasts and media coverage

land speed legends podcast
bonneville salt flats access road photo project
ksl coverage about popularity of the bonneville salt flats
boys of bonneville movie review
wsj: chasing a bonneville record
great salt lake—an overview of change













spectators welcome at world of speed!!
admission is $20.00 per day including pit access, or $50.00 for the entire event including pit pass.
			if you have never seen land speed racing you don't know what your missing.

become a usfra member
			 

			usfra annual membership gets you full admission to world of speed and test & tune events. only usfra members may attend test & tune events.












web links to landspeed racingteams


"to preserve the bonneville salt flats and to promote
the use of this historic place for motor sports
for all future generations."


















 

contact the usfra 




