










riteangle angle of attack (aoa) systems - riteangle


















































































































0shopping carthome
concept
advantages and mounts
products


production aircraft products

integrity


homebuilt aircraft products

elite + aoa system
buddy + system
basic + system





faqs
about
contact
search




menu


menu

 






own a production aircraft? click herehomebuilt aircraftclick to view products for homebuilt aircraft
previousnext12
does your aircraft have flaps?
you purchase an angle of attack to fly safer!
the riteangle automatically corrects for each flap position.
“on speed” in each flap position is 1.3 x stalling speed in that flap position.


for more information on riteangle series of angle of attack systems.
view additional information
  


© copyright 2021 - riteangle aircraft angle of attack systems 






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn morecookie and privacy settings
how we use cookies


we may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.



essential website cookies


these cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.



google analytics cookies


these cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.



other external services


we also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.



other cookies


the following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.




accept settingshide notification only






















































