










bavaria sausage | authentic old world german sausage makers





close
greetings and thank you for shopping with us!all orders are shipped in the order they are received and can take up to 7 business days before they leave our building. this includes overnight & 2-day shipping requests.if your order requires special handling or is date sensitive, please use the comment section at the time of order to communicate your needs! perishable orders that are shipped usps, fedex home or ground delivery will only be replaced or refunded if lost. delayed or damaged deliveries are not reimbursable.    










































phone: 608-271-1295 or 800-733-6695 fax: 608-845-6693










 




menu


home


about ▼
about


about us
history
privacy & security policy
our location
quality commitment
customer comments


order online
product search
recently viewed items


account & order info ▼
account & order info


view/create account
view your cart
full category list
order status
order tracking




wholesale ▼
wholesale


introduction
benefits & features
requirements & contact form




customer service ▼
customer service



terms & conditions
ask the wurst expert
customer feedback
shipping facts
christmas shipping
e-gift cards & cetificates
product faq
recipes
product & service guarantee




wild game ▼
wild game


wild game processing & products
fish & fowl processing
venison cwd faq
wild game shipping
wild game recipes


contact us






				search
                














0 product(s) in cart | 
total $0.00 | 
   shopping cart







authentic as it gets
authentic as it gets because that's the only way our bavarian 
				master sausage makers know how to make old world german sausage! 
				made right here in our sparkling clean usda federally inspected 
				"wurstkuche" (sausage kitchen) in madison wisconsin.
no artificial colors, flavors, gluten, fillers, liquid smoke, 
				additives, preservatives (except for nitrite in our smoked 
				products) or chemicals and no msg are ever used in our products.
shop online
 












product categories

home» all products

christmas 2024
welcome to our christkindlmärkte e-gift cards & certificates
	send an e-gift card for immediate use in our online store by anyone in the us.gift box
	we have a varity of gift box options for birthdays, holidays, retirements, thank yous, and much much more! send a box of made-in-wisconsin love to your family and friends! we ship to all 50 states. on sale!! dated or clearance!
	you'll want to check back often within this category for great product deals, clearance items, seasonal specials, and outdated there's just no telling what you may find here on your next visit! quantities are limitedbratwurst, weisswurst & wieners
	all of our grilling sausages are very lean and juicy. most are pre-cooked and ready for the grill and will not shrink. our brats are 10-12% fat. several varieties to choose from. our most popular are the bavaria beer brats, nurnberger and munich weisswurst.landjager and summer sausage
	here are the best most authentic landjager you will find! a special all beef dried sausage to take camping, hunting, biking, etc! a great healthy snack.- also good stuck in a bloody mary! super lean all beef summer sausages for all your party needs. many flavors to choose from!german bakery
	special german hard rolls, and pretzels direct from bavaria. rye breads, cakes, cookies, wafers, crispbreads, crackers, and baking supplies! we have it all!cold cuts "aufschnitt"
	a real nice selection of the most gourmet german sandwich meats you could ask for. a few very unique hard to find meats like blood sausage and headcheese.hams "schinken"
	here are all those special unique european hams. these are best sliced paper thin. many are dry cured heavy smoked, and aged. some are cured and cooked. these hams all all very unique and all very different.unique meat specialties
	knackwurst, pork schnitzel, pork hocks, sauerbraten, veal schnitzel & more!teewurst, mettwurst and liversausage
	5 delicous varieties of good pure liverwurst, and 4 types of mettwurst. our creamy braunschweiger is a popular favorite!salami
	all the best salamis you will find right here! nice and lean and some made with rum! we have a great selection!german specialty meals
	fleischkase/leberkase, rouladen, sauerbraten, kassler ripchen, veal or pork schnitzel to prepare in your own kitchen!cheese- quark and butter
	a super nice selection of imported cheeses, quark and european butters. a must have to go with our good meatschocolates, liquor and candy
	all the best and most popular european candy and chocolates, liquor chocolates in all the best brands- this section is a must!condiments
	yes, we have curry ketchups, loads of mustards, sauces and many more items to serve with your traditional german meals!dumplings, spaetzle, rosti & gruenkern
	all the knodel, dumplings, kartoffel, potatoes, egg noodles and spaetzle/spatzle your taste buds could ever desire are right here. these are a must have when serving your special german meal!gravies, soups, sauces and spices
	a huge selection of maggi and knorr mixes direct from germany. gravies, soups, sauces and special spicessalads
	don't want to make a large batch of potato sald? we will do it for you! we also have that requested german wurst salat! check it out!kraut, cabbage and kale
	no good german meal can be complete without a delicious dish of red cabbage or wein kraut!herring, fish, caviar
	looking for that good european herring?? we have it! a very large selection of herring in salt, pickled, creamed and in many different sauces!pickles and pickled vegetables
	here is a very nice selection of german and polish pickles, also a nice variety of pickled vegtables. these will be a excellent addition to your brotzeit!preserves, honey spreads and fruits
	we have all your unique fruit spreads from europe. a must have to put on your breakfast "brot" or brotchen!haribo, katjes, brause & refreshment stix
	haribo, katjes. brause, other candy and refreshment stix. if your looking for a certain candy you may find it here!snack foods, cookies and crackers
	special german snack food, cookies and crackers for all your party needsbeverages
	tschibo, eduscho, jacobs, movenpick, dallmayer, and all of your favorite german coffee, as well as a large selection of your favorite saft & juices.non-food items. steins, gifts & shirts
	german hats, steins, tee shirts,  health & miscellaneous.health and miscellaneous
	unique requested items that you might be looking for!new arrivals!!
	new products that have just come in, or are back after being gone for a long time.vinegars
	see an assortment of vinegars available in our store.wisconsin made products
	a nice variety of specialty items made in wisconsin. for that person who is still a "cheese head" but does not live here anymore!!family recipes
	authentic old world german family recipes.oktoberfest party essentials
	having a oktoberfest party- here are the most popular items ordered to make your party the best!! if you are a church, country club, restaurant or caterer- please call us direct for wholesale pricesoktoberfest specialties food
	having a oktoberfest party- here are the most popular food items ordered to make your party the best!! if you are a church, country club, restaurant or caterer- please call us direct for wholesale prices







our retail hours:  monday thru friday 9am-7pm.  sat 9am-1pm

willkommen to bavaria sausage!
makers of old world german sausage

you will receive updates, tracking information, and confirmations in your email from us and fedex (check spam folders) when your order is shipped. thank you.

check super sale items: on sale section


we also have the right to substitute a item for greater or equal value unless it is specified in the special instructions box on the check out page.

don't see what you want? use our search page, or see our complete list of categories

we will not be responsible for products that spoil due to natural disasters or weather delays.



  



recommended items

we're really sorry...
we don't currently have that one in stock
please add your email and we'll notify you when it's back
email




jagdwurst mit pistachio nuts
price$9.69 


3 year white cheddar cheese
price$9.19 


laroshell orange liquor pralines
price$6.09 


hengstenberg kapern
price$5.79 











				experience old world germany
authentic old world german sausage, perfect 
				for oktoberfest / octoberfest celebrations, from our kitchen to 
				yours! over 1,000 authentic german foods and specialty german 
				meat products, including munich weisswurst, rouladen, 
				sauerbraten, schnitzel and leberkase, and hundreds of wisconsin 
				cheeses & imports, available for shipping within the u.s., from 
				the bavaria sausage secure online shop!



				"a taste from home!"
family owned and operated for over 63 years, 
				we use old world family recipes that were brought to 
				this country from schweinfurt germany, and are still 
				mixed by hand from traditional bulk spices.
by using only the finest and freshest ingredients, we 
				are able to 
				guarantee authentic products with a true taste from 
				the "old country".
"einen guten appetit!"








				from our kitchen to yours
items like munich weisswurst, nurnberger bratwurst, 
				knackwurst, leberkase, sauerbraten and so much more!!
we also offer everything you need to 
				compliment these old world german meat products,
				such as brotchen and pretzels from munich, 
				kraut, cheese, mustards, etc.
over 1,500 products are available to order online!
				




the 63 year tradition
the 63 year tradition of "just pure meat" is a key factor for 
				satisfied retail and wholesale customers of bavaria sausage & 
				cheese chalet, of madison, wisconsin. bavaria sausage, inc. has 
				been recognized throughout the meat industry for superior 
				quality hand-crafted meat products and are known throughout the 
				country for their high standards as producers of specialty 
				german summer sausage, bratwurst (weisswurst, knackwurst, 
				wieners, nurnberger & rostbratwurst), and landjaeger.
shop online
wholesale is available to restaurants, country clubs, 
				schools, clubs, fundraisers and small mom and pop stores. we 
				will never sell our products to big box stores.
when visiting madison wisconsin, be sure to 
				stop in our bavarian chalet, where we
				look forward to greeting and serving you with our 
				finest german hospitality. whether ordering 
				from our secure online shop, or in our retail 
				meat market, we want to make 
your 
				"old world germany" experience a memorable one!


walk thru our virtual store here in madison wisconsin!











home | 
about us | 
wholesale | 
customer service | 
shop online | 
order status | 
order tracking | 
product search | 
view your cart | 

terms & conditions | 
contact us

store hours
	mon - fri: 9 am - 7 pm
	saturday: 9 am - 1 pm 


bavaria sausage, inc.
		6317 nesbitt rd, fitchburg, wi 53719  (see map)
		phone: 608-271-1295 | toll free: 800-733-6695 | fax: 608-845-6693

we accept
		











































page summary: authentic old world german sausage, from our kitchen to yours! 
over 1,000 authentic german foods and specialty german sausage products, 
including munich weisswurst, rouladen, sauerbraten, schnitzel and leberkase, and 
hundreds of wisconsin cheeses & imports, available for shipping within the u.s.


© 2014 - 2025 bavaria sausage, inc., all rights reserved.


responsive / mobile websites, website design, hosting & seo by page 1 seo design llc 
		









