




  






home - san pedro chamber of commerce, ca




























 






































































































pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events


























login









info@sanpedrochamber.com









310.832.7272 









weekly enews


















membertomember


























































 toggle navigation   





home

about us

san pedro chamber tourism ambassador program
corporate community partners
san pedro chamber 2024 legislative & policy platform
board of directors
staff
committees
photo gallery
san pedro honorary mayor
california cultural districts



membership

join the chamber
member benefits
electronic certificate of orgin
webinars
sponsorship opportunities
member testimonials
ribbon cuttings



directory

member directory
official online visitors guide & directory


calendar

visiting san pedro

filming in downtown san pedro
san pedro farmers' market


join the chamber














































































welcome to the san pedro chamber of commerce!
the mission of the san pedro chamber of commerce is to promote, support and advocate the interests of the business community. our vision is to make san pedro a better place to live, work, and visit.






























grow your business




grow your business in san pedro. the chamber hosts networking events and educational programming to connect you with fellow chamber members and industry experts.  sign-up for our weekly enews to stay informed on upcoming events. 





























connect with business leaders



the san pedro chamber of commerce provides you with the opportunity to expand and grow your contacts in the business community.   don't miss our annual summer mixer at the cabrillo beach yacht club on thursday, august 29th at at 5:30 pm.    
call the chamber at (310) 832 - 7272 for more information. 








welcome our new members!




























business advocacy




the chamber has a dynamic economic development & policy committee that meets each month to discuss legislation and issues of importance to the business community and they make recommendations to the full board of directors.
to submit an item for consideration, please email elise swanson at eswanson@sanpedrochamber.com.








upcoming events






















  












#discover san pedro



























hospitality & dining





 
















california cultural districts


























services, non-profits & government




















discover the hidden gems of san pedro



























attractions & entertainment




















san pedro farmers' market


























industry, commerce & retail












upcoming events


















































































 
 






































quicklinks

















directory







deals







map







news







calendar















where to live







where to shop







where to sleep







where to play







where to eat























contact info












san pedro chamber of commerce

 390 w. 7th street , san pedro, ca 90731

 310. 832.7272

 info@sanpedrochamber.com













volunteer for la fleet week!
































































© copyright 2025 san pedro chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.
















 


