
















department of geological and environmental sciences | appalachian state university

























skip to main content












search terms



search












department of geological and environmental sciences



toggle navigation















news & events
prospective students
academics & advising
faculty & staff
research & facilities
beyond & after ges
outreach
giving to ges








































 



















      open faculty/administrative positions in the department    

open postings: we invite applications for a non-tenure-track, nine-month faculty position at the rank of lecturer beginning 01 august, 2025.we seek a geoscientist and/or environmental scientist with experience in teaching introductory and intermediate-level geology and/or environmental science lectures and laboratories. the minimum requirements for the position are a m.s. in geology, environmental science or a related field. interested persons can apply at https://appstate.peopleadmin.com/postings/49644. for questions please contact dr. scott marshall (marshallst@appstate.edu).






about the ges department
the appalachian state university geological and environmental sciences (ges) department provides students with a solid foundation on which to build a successful career in the geosciences and environmental sciences. 
we are the largest undergraduate geosciences department in the unc system, and we have been successful in establishing a program that is arguably among the best bachelor degree programs in earth and environmental sciences available in the southeastern united states.
ges offers the following degree programs and concentrations
environmental science (bs) - earth systems science concentrationenvironmental science (bs) - natural resources concentrationenvironmental science (bs) - quantitative environmental science concentrationgeology (ba)geology (bs)geology (bs) - environmental geology concentrationgeology (bs) -  paleontology concentrationgeology (bs) -  quantitative geoscience concentrationgeology (bs) - earth/environmental science, secondary education concentration
see our get involved! page for opportunities for ges students in research, outreach, and teaching.
 




      what should i major in?    

many students (and parents) come into our program a bit confused as to what the geosciences and environmental sciences actually are, and what kind of training our programs of study provide. common questions we answer are:
"isn't geology just about rocks?" (no!)"what is better for the job i want? a geology degree or an environmental science degree?""what's the difference between environmental studies and environmental science?"
the information on the "what should i major in?" page and our programs of study page will help you decide if a degree in geology, a degree in environmental science, or a degree in another program is the right major for you!
if you're not yet sure you want to major in geology or environmental science, take one (or more) of our many general education classes - learn about water resources, environmental cleanup, dinosaurs, oceanography, natural disasters, energy resources, fossils, and of course... rocks.  according to slate, "introductory geology classes are the best science electives" and we certainly agree!




      we study more than just rocks!    








            what is geology? what is environmental science?          





geology is about more than just rocks. 
environmental science is about more than just ecology, policy, or regulations.

our faculty have expertise in all fields of the earth and environmental sciences.
click on our each of our research programs below to see what we do!
[more]
 






            earthquakes & tectonics          





how does the earth move?
 
tectonics research group:
dr. richard abbott (emeritus)dr. gabe casaledr. jamie levinedr. scott marshall
[more]
 






            water resources and environmental geology          





what processes affect water supply and quality?

hydrology and environmental geology research group:
dr. bill andersondr. sarah carmichaeldr. ellen cowandr. sarah evansdr. bob swarthout
[more]
 






            paleontology          





what do fossils tell us?

paleontology research group:
dr. cole edwardsdr. andy heckertdr. steve hagemandr. johnny waters (emeritus)
[more]
 






            earth surface processes and hazards          





what do landforms tell us? how do humans influence landscapes?

surface processes research group
dr. william armstrongdr. ellen cowandr. cynthia liutkus-piercemr. brian zimmer
[more]
 






            rocks & minerals          





what do the minerals in rocks tell us? what is the role they play in the environment?

mineralogy, petrology, and geochemistry research group:
dr. richard abbott (emeritus)dr. sarah carmichaeldr. gabe casaledr. cole edwardsdr. jamie levinedr. cynthia liutkus-piercedr. loren raymond (emeritus)mr. brian zimmer
[more]
 






            records of climate change          





how is earth's climate recorded in minerals, rocks, sediment, water, and ice? how has climate changed through time?

records of climate change research group:
dr. bill andersondr. billy armstrongdr. sarah carmichaeldr. ellen cowandr. cole edwardsdr. sarah evansdr. steve hagemandr. cynthia liutkus-piercedr. johnny waters (emeritus)dr. fred webb (emeritus)
[more]
 




 



      what's so special about our department?    












      ask a geologist    



you've got questions? we've got answers!  ask a geologist!
did you find something that puzzled you in your backyard or on top of a mountain? have questions about local environmental problems? want to know about what's going on in boone creek, the watauga river, and the new river? concerned about fracking in your region? do you have a mineral that you can't identify? think you found a meteorite? we will do our best to answer any geological/environmental question. we also have pages that answer some of our most frequently asked questions.
 





















      latest news    




do you know your darwin number? dr. steve hageman can help! 

          jan 29, 2025        
boone, n.c. — do you know your darwin number? if you've met appalachian state university professor dr. steve hageman, you're one of few with a ...




safe student spotlight: vanya dill 

          dec 9, 2024        
vanya dill, a junior geology major from morrisville, received a fall 2023 student and faculty excellence (safe) fund grant to attend the society of ve...




app state students, faculty and staff volunteered to help neighbors after hurricane helene 

          dec 2, 2024        
boone, n.c. — hurricane helene left a lasting impact on the high country when it hit on sept. 27, causing widespread and unprecedented flooding, lan...




safe student spotlight: luke rose ’24 

          nov 25, 2024        
luke rose ’24, now an alumnus of the department of geological and environmental sciences, received a fall 2023 student and faculty excellence (safe)...




safe student spotlight: joshua crouch 

          nov 14, 2024        
joshua crouch, a senior geology major from gastonia, received a fall 2023 student and faculty excellence (safe) fund grant to attend the society of ve...






 read more
        
 subscribe















      instagram    


         view this post on instagram           did you feel the earthquake this morning? let us know where you were and how it felt. and don’t forget to report it to the usgs at http://earthquake.usgs.gov/data/dyfi. and yes, it will be on your exam. a post shared by  appalachian geo-enviro (@appalachian_earth_sci) on aug 9, 2020 at 8:24am pdt  







      facebook    


 








 






upcoming events







to add this calendar to your own google calendar, click on the "+googlecalendar" link at the base of the calendar.

 


give to geological and environmental sciences



please consider supporting the department of geological and environmental sciences by donating to one of our departmental funds.
for assistance with philanthropic gifts, contact cas development director, jasmin mcfayden '10, at mcfaydenja@appstate.edu or (828) 262-4019.

 




 

 







contact
department of geological and environmental sciencesasu box 32067033 rankin science west572 rivers streetboone, nc 28608 fax: (828) 262-6503phone: (828) 262-3049email us


links
 home
 disclaimer
 eo policy
 accessibility
 privacy policy
 login



networking
 twitter
 facebook
 instagram
 linkedin
 vimeo




got questions about a rock?ask-a-geologist!

 










website manager: carmichaelsk (gibbsla)
copyright 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







