








	norfolk district -  u.s. army corps of engineers






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
norfolk district website










®








           about
        



           mission & vision
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           faq
        
 

           organization
        



           executive office
        
 

           mission support division
        
 

           engineering and construction division
        
 

           water resources division
        
 

           programs & projects division
        
 



           projects
        



           norfolk coastal storm risk management
        
 

           indian run
        
 

           hr beneficial use of dredged material
        
 

           vbcsrm
        
 

           raritan bay and sandy hook bay csrm study
        
 

           back creek cap 107
        
 

           pcsrm
        
 



           visit fort norfolk
        
 



           business with us
        



           contracting
        



           vendor resource links
        
 



           permits
        
 

           small business
        
 

           flood plain management
        



           silver jackets
        
 



           regulatory branch
        
 

           natick land sale hudson parcel 1
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           atlantic intracoastal waterway
        
 

           continuing authorities program
        
 

           lynnhaven river ecosystem restoration
        
 

           section 408 review
        
 

           gathright dam and lake moomaw
        
 

           machicomoco state park - middle peninsula unit feasibility study
        
 

           anchorage f
        
 



           emergency operations
        
 

           environmental
        
 

           military construction
        
 

           real estate
        
 

           regulatory
        



           issued permits
        
 

           contacts
        
 

           hrbt expansion
        
 

           offshore wind projects
        
 



           interagency and international support
        
 

           dodea design
        
 



           careers
        



           overseas deployments
        
 

           eeo
        
 



           media
        



           images
        
 

           news stories
        
 

           public notices
        
 

           social media
        
 

           videos
        
 

           fact sheets
        
 

           hurricane sandy
        
 

           corpstalk
        
 



           library
        



           freedom of information act
        
 

           usace publications
        
 

           army publications
        
 

           brochures
        
 

           project and study vault
        
 



           contact
        



           norfolk district directory
        
 

           usace office locator
        
 



           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 









































01
claytor lake debris removal
u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) planning and response team (prt) personnel prepare to launch a tugboat into claytor lake shortly after its...

debris removal effort ramps up at claytor lake with additional resources















02
norfolk coastal storm risk managment
a u.s. army corps of engineers  conceptual rendering depicts a proposed levee at town point park in norfolk, virginia. the levee is part of the...

norfolk coastal storm risk management storymap 















03
aoc phase ii groundbreaking
armed with shovels in hand, the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) norfolk district along with its partners, virginia port authority and city of...

view details















04
usace awards deep creek bridge construction contract
district awards $59.5 million contract to construct new deep creek bridge

view details
deep creek bridge project page











play






05
phase ii oyster reef progress: ecosystem restoration
civil engineer nick ingold explains developments in the planning process of the proposed phase ii reef construction for the broad bay area in...

watch video





















⟵ previous phase ii oyster reef progress: ecosystem restoration
norfolk coastal storm risk managment next ⟶




















join our team! 






fy25+ workload forecast september update









permits, wetlands, regulatory









atlantic intracoastal waterway/dismal swamp canal









gathright dam & lake moomaw






flood-plain management






hydrographic surveys

























around usace









corps of engineers increases operations as water levels rise across the cumberland river basin

                2/15/2025 
            

                with continued heavy rainfall and rising river levels, the u.s. army corps of engineers nashville district is increasing its operational response to manage water releases and minimize flood risks...
            


update: arkabutla dam emergency - lake levels expected to surpass 220 feet as spring flood season begins

                2/14/2025 
            

                arkabutla, miss. – recent storms have brought significant rainfall to the arkabutla lake area, pushing lake levels above 210 feet and prompting expectations that they will exceed 220 feet within the...
            





mkarns nav notice no. swl 25-11 lock 9 tow haulage planned outage

                2/14/2025 
            

                the tow haulage equipment at ormond lock (no. 9) nm 176.9 will be taken out of service beginning february 15, 2025, to facilitate required work on the lock shelters. double cut tows will have to be...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers preparing for heavy rainfall and river levels this weekend

                2/14/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers nashville district is monitoring an expected 3 to 5 inches of rainfall across the cumberland river basin this weekend, with the heaviest amounts forecasted in the...
            


validating sediment budgets along the north atlantic coast using the updated sediment budget calculator 

                2/14/2025 
            

                purpose: this regional sediment management (rsm) technical note (tn) outlines two case studies validating the sediment budget calculator (sbc) using accepted values from the literature and published...
            







view more



















news






photos






visit fort norfolk 













latest news






usace, virginia beach to host public meetings on coastal storm risk management study feb 3-8 

                1/31/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers norfolk district alongside the city of virginia beach will host four in-person engagement opportunities during the week of feb. 3-8 in support of the virginia beach...
            





debris removal effort ramps up at claytor lake with additional resources

                10/28/2024 
            

                dublin, va., october 23, 2024 – debris removal operations at claytor lake have intensified as the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), in partnership with the virginia department of emergency...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers begins largest virginia debris removal mission in 20 years at claytor lake

                10/21/2024 
            

                pulaski county, va. — the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) norfolk district, officially began debris removal operations at claytor lake, oct. 19, following hurricane helene's aftermath. this is...
            


norfolk district schedules aerial mosquito treatment at craney island on october 1

                9/30/2024 
            

                norfolk, va. — the norfolk district, u.s. army corps of engineers, has scheduled aerial mosquito treatment on october 1st, over the federal property on craney island...
            





norfolk district schedules aerial mosquito treatment at craney island on september 20

                9/18/2024 
            

                norfolk, va. — the norfolk district, u.s. army corps of engineers, has scheduled aerial mosquito treatment on sep 20th, over the federal property on craney island...
            







view more
























public notices






nao-2024-01108 (mattameade data center, caroline county, virginia)

                feb. 13, 2025 
            


nao-2021-01677 (wf magann east yard dredging, portsmouth, virginia)

                feb. 6, 2025 
            


federal public notice

                jan. 30, 2025 
            


nao-2024-02816 (usfws - chincoteague nwr,  chincoteague, virginia)

                jan. 29, 2025 
            


nao-2024-02076 (upper magnolia site, chesterfield, virginia)

                jan. 22, 2025 
            







view more




















facebook


x







tweets by norfolkdistrict?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw 



















essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the norfolk district website
the official public website of norfolk district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, please write to cenao-pa@usace.army.mil. 













site mapusa.govcontact useeo & sharpopen governmentaccessibilitysmall businessquality factslink disclaimerno fear actplain languageprivacy programprivacy & security


igfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














