







the sun dial restaurant & view













































        
          
            the sun dial restaurant & view
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            about
          

menus


              events & group dining
            

            contact
          

            gallery
          

            reservations
          







back


            dinner
          

            kids menu
          

            valentines day 2025
          

              sun dial bar menu
            





































































homeabout
menus

dinner
kids menu
valentines day 2025
sun dial bar menu

events & group diningcontactgalleryreservations





                
                  
                    the sun dial restaurant & view
                  
                
              
iconic atlanta dining experience











scroll








the ultimate atlanta experience




    reserve your table
  



please note that our rotation feature in the restaurant is currently unavailable.in the meantime, you can still enjoy the 360 degree views at the sun dial restaurant.









 

aboutsituated on the uppermost floors of the westin peachtree plaza, the sun dial restaurant, bar & view offers unparalleled views and a distinct atlanta dining experience that makes the most of the city’s proximity to local, farm-to-table ingredients. a tri-level complex, the sun dial features an upscale restaurant, a cocktail lounge and an observatory level with a breathtaking 360-degree panorama of the magnificent skyline from 723 feet above. 



host yourevents & group diningat the sun dialevent bookings are for 20 guests or more. 




    learn more
  

  

the restauranta fresh twist on atlanta dining, the sun dial restaurant features seasonal, contemporary american cuisine.




    view menu
  



 the viewfrom 723 feet above, the view on level 72 features a breathtaking 360-degree panorama of the atlanta skyline. see the city’s best sunsets from every angle atop the peach.




    learn more
  

 

the bargather on the top floor of this scenic destination to enjoy shareable plates, creative cocktails, and unforgettable views 73 stories above downtown atlanta.

 




 


“the sun dial is the classic must-visit.”

— eating with erica

 









follow @sundialatl on instagram to stay up to date to date on our latest offerings 





















 




















 



























main photo



home



image



new page










the sun dial restaurant, bar & viewthe westin peachtree plaza210 peachtree st. nwatlanta, ga 30303email: sundial@westin.comphone: 404.589.7506



aboutdirections & parkingbook an eventcalendarfaqpresscontactemployment opportunities




























contact usdirectionsfaqprivacy policy










