



 















 parents television and media council | parents television council

















victory for children! u.s. senate passes online child protection bill 


















because our children are watching
sign up for weekly emails
donate






about us

mission and vision
history of the ptc
board of directors
annual report
form 990
audited financials
contact us


family guide

news

media center

ptc in the news


parent resources

parent resources
ptc research & studies
tools and tips
tech safety guide
how ratings work
external studies


blog










protecting children from the dangers of the digital world 







search



















keep kids safe online
use this “screen time safety and cyber kindness contract” to establish boundaries and expectations around your child's use of digital technology.
do your kids have a screentime contract?

download pdf




campaign
 











smartphones in the classroom
new ptc whitepaper reveals what states are doing to confront digital distractions in the classroom
the ptc’s new report gives a comprehensive look at current state efforts that have been made to ban or limit cellphone use in schools.
read the report













a tiktok-ing time bomb
how hollywood is marketing adult content to kids
hollywood is doing an end-run around parents by marketing sexually explicit teen-targeted, yet tv-ma-rated, content directly to children and teens on tiktok and instagram.
download resource










say "no!" to disney


decades ago, who would have guessed that walt disney’s “magic kingdom” would have turned into this!


petition to the disney board of directors

sign now!




campaign
 











study: families need not subscribe
ptc's latest research shows that most of the original content on streaming platforms is rated for mature audiences, leaving families in the lurch. there’s at least 268% more adult-only entertainment on streaming platforms than there is content that’s suitable for families.
read the report









2023 results
thanks to your support, we’ve generated over:


 51,617
petitions signed


 90%
sponsor withdrawals


 5.5 millon
online media coverage views










current shows









the case of the christmas diamond
up tv








the legend of 5 mile cave
insp








blue bloods
cbs
paramount+





view all








from the blog


will 2024 trends give us a better or worse 2025?
written by ptc | published january 2, 2025
 last year had its share of ups and downs, with some positive trends that are of benefit to families – like teens who are tired of seeing sex on tv, and the elimination of cellphones in schools. but 2025 leaves plenty of room to advance positive solutions to protect kids online and to continue to advocate for hollywood to cease marketing harmful content to our children.

continue reading



teens (and their parents) are tired of seeing sex on television
written by kelly oliver | published october 30, 2024
 “researchers found that 63.5% of adolescents said they preferred that big and small screen stories focus on friendships, while 62.4% said sexual content isn’t needed as a plot device. those are big jumps from the previous year when 51.5% of those surveyed said they wanted more content about people in platonic relationships, and 47.5% said that they didn’t seek out shows or movies where sex was a major plot point.”

continue reading









donate today. help protect families and children!





									donate today
								











family & reviews


news


blog


donate




   



p.o. box 4210, burbank, ca 91503-4210 
(800) 882-6868 (toll free) • info@parentstv.org












thank you for subscribing!

















take action. stay informed.














				© 2025 parents television and media council. all rights reserved. privacy policy



 












 
