



sciencecourseware.org





























flylab js





new! a javascript version of the popular flylab program in biology labs online. it will run in any browser on any device. this program should be used instead of the flash-based drosophila and the java-based flylab.









                                          the virtual courseware project produces interactive, online simulations for the life science laboratory or for earth science field studies. the activities are designed to enhance an existing curriculum and include online assessments. they can be used by students ranging from middle school, high school, or college classrooms.
                                       

                                          click on a project on the right to access the entry point for this fun, exciting, and engaging suite of activities.
                                          
                                          pop-up blockers must be disabled to view the activities.
                                          


                                          some activities contain macromedia flash movies or java applets (see system
                                          requirements in each project). click here to see testimonials and recognition for the virtual courseware project.
                                       




                                          the activities on sciencecourseware.org require that you have javascript enabled. if you are seeing this message, you do not have javascript enabled. please enable javascript in your browser before attempting to use any of the activities on this site.
                                       













virtual courseware for 
                                             inquiry-based science education





exploratory activities in the earth and life sciences that are aligned to state and national science education standards, especially for high school classrooms.









virtual courseware for
                                             earth and environmental sciences






                                             interactive simulations and tutorials on global warming and seismology.
                                             ahora tenemos una versión española del terremoto.










geology labs online





interactive tutorials on isochron and radiocarbon dating, river discharge and flooding, and earthquake epicenter and magnitude determination.









biology labs online





a subscription website of college and advanced high school level biology simulations. take a tour of any of the 12 activities.


 
 








                                    the virtual courseware project is supported by grants from the u.s. national science foundation and the california state university. 
                                 














copyright © 2005-2019 virtual courseware project. all rights reserved. 










