



home | ontario science centre







































 

skip to content







search the ontario science centre's website.

search








français



contact us
français
donate
exhibit sales & rentals



open search





buy tickets










search




open search










 pop-ups + events

open



cf sherway gardens


kidspark at harbourfront centre


events




 science at home

open



diy science fun


virtual events


science books


explore more


trivia




 teachers + students

open



livestream learning


field trips


teacher resources


science school


youth-for-youth




 membership

open



membership privacy policy






buy tickets




contact us
français
donate
exhibit sales & rentals















welcome to the ontario science centre




























ontario science centre experiences at cf sherway gardens
explore circus! science under the big top and other hands-on science fun at cf sherway gardens! admission is $15 including taxes (free for children 2 and under).







kidspark at harbourfront centre 
discover everyone’s favourite learn-through-play experience, designed for curious kids to explore the amazing world of science. admission is $15 (free for children 2 and under).







science trivia
 get ready to explore the amazing world around you! learn all about animals, ecosystems and more with new science quizzes posted regularly.







do-it-yourself science fun
 ignite your inner scientist. play, learn and experiment with fun, hands-on activities. from kitchen chemistry to backyard biology, there is something for everyone!
















pop-ups and events
 join us for demos and lots of science fun in new spots across ontario. find out where we’re taking the science centre experience next!



date
event
location




march 04
exploring equity in stem webinar
virtual event



see all 


















imax® films
explore an ancient rainforest, dive into the ocean depths or blast off into deep space. immerse yourself in a new adventure today in our state-of-the art omnimax® theatre.








education resources

























about us


media room


financial reporting


contact us






careers


volunteers


exhibit sales, rentals + consulting






rbc innovators ball


diversity, inclusion + anti-racism





enews 































                    © 2025, ontario science centre, an agency of the government of ontario. all rights reserved.
site map information privacy policy
cookie preferences

shipping & receiving: 101 resources roadetobicoke, ontario m9p 3t1

join us at our community pop-ups and events! sign up ⁠for our enews updates here

the ontario science centre operates on the ancestral lands and territories of the haudenosaunee confederacy, the wendat peoples and the anishinaabek nation, which includes the mississaugas of the credit first nation and the chippewa.
we acknowledge this land is home to many diverse first nations, inuit and métis peoples. we are grateful to work with, learn from and partner with indigenous communities in peace, friendship and respect.



























