 
   bicycle coalition of greater philadelphia          



programsbetter bike share partnershipbiking in phillybiking the regioncircuit trailsfamilies for safe streetsneighborhood bike hubstransit forward philadelphiavision zerotrafficvictimsphlvision zero citizens action guide2023 better mobility platformyouth cyclingresourcesbeen in a crash?bike nice drive nicecircula en bici/auto con cuidadobyen kouri bisiklètđạp xe lịch sựезда на велосипеде в удовольствие文明骑车biking to get aroundbiking for fun or sportbike lawsbike mapsclasses & ridesgetting startedlocking and theftreporting an issueresearchsigns & symbols glossarywhere to rideaboutvictoriesstaff, board & affiliatescareersreports and financialsnewseventsvision zero phl 2025view calendarsubmit an eventget involvedtake actionvolunteerattend an eventways to givesponsorshipsubscribejoin today!

select page


promoting a safe & fun way to get around.through advocacy and education, the bicycle coalition of greater philadelphia leads the movement to make every bicycle ride safe, to empower youth and adults to ride, and to foster a ridership that reflects the diversity of the region.join todaylatest newson the blog
view all news
from newcomer to advocate: my journey through philly’s bike scene and the growth of the philly bike expoblog written by leonard bonarek, former bicycle coalition staff member i moved to philadelphia in 2008 as a person who hadn’t...
visit your elected officials at the 2025 national bike summit lobby daythe 2025 national bike summit will take place in-person in washington, dc, from tuesday, march 11, through thursday, march 13,...
remembering ed hein and his 30-plus-year history with the bicycle coalitionedwin "ed" hein, a beloved and accomplished cycling advocate, sadly passed away on monday at the age of 60. he collapsed during...
resourcesbike mapsexplore where to ride safely in and around philadelphia!get your ride on with our easy-to-follow bicycle maps. made possible by the support of our awesome members.view the full map
see all resourcesmember benefitsmembers-only routesget added to our ridewithgps club account for a full library of recommended rides.exclusive discountsreceive discounts from philly bike ride and our other partners.free resourcesget access to helpful resources and receive bike-related news before anyone else.
become a memberthank you to our corporate partners!
partner with usjoin the ride. join the fun.join the impact.
join or renew now!by becoming a member today, you are making our community a better, safer place for everyone.
our programsresourcesaboutget involvedmembership 
promoting a safe & fun way to get around.llllldonatebecome a member!join the funget involvedbecome a memberrenew your membershipchampion circletake actionvolunteerclasses & ridessponsorship opportunitiessubscribenewseventsdonateresourcesbike mapsbike law faqsbiking to get aroundbiking for fun or sportwhat to do in a crashreport street conditionslocking and theftsigns & symbols glossaryresearchabout usabout uscareersstaff, board & affiliatesreports & financialsvictoriesprogramscircuit trailsbiking in phillybetter bike share partnershipfolx n spokes phlbike nice, drive niceyouth cyclingbiking the regionvision zero1500 walnut st # 1107 | philadelphia, pa 19102 | 215-bicyclethe bicycle coalition of greater philadelphia is an independent 501(c)3 non-profit organization, ein: 23-2586631.get involvedbecome a memberprogramsresourceseventsnewsabout the coalition
subscribe to cyclegramfollowfollowfollowbicycle   coalition join us: become a member! 
















share this


facebook



twitter



gmail



print friendly

                   




