










        freewheeling easy in western pennsylvania    





































 













 





 



freewheeling easy in western pennsylvania
 



one moment while we fetch a trail picture
                



search for:







 







                                    menu                                

                                    skip to content                                
home
google map
current draft
order the book

from the authors
support your local bike shop
from amazon


longer segments

armstrong, redbank ride
mcclintock emelenton ride
planning guide – great allegheny passage
planning guide – erie to  pittsburgh (not yet)


easy bicycle loops near cmu

tri fold brochures
interactive map


press room

press release
author bio


store





 























trails for the rest of us

if you like to bicycle but you don"t like to ride in automobile traffic or on rough, steep,
undeveloped tracks, these trails are for you. they are: easy to ride or walk, off-limits to
automobile traffic, reasonably level. if you have ridden the same trails over and over again
and are looking for new trails to ride then this book is for you.

after a long hiatus, a portion of freewheeling easy returns to print with
fresh information on the enormous trail progress over the past several years. 
because of the substantial growth, we are issuing the book in several parts. this first part, at
240 pages, is almost two and a half times the size of the original edition (1995) which covered
the entire region!.

the oct 2018 volume ne covers the collection of trails that are northeast of pittsburgh. these
are the trails that are in the allegheny and kisi river basins, including the erie to pittsburgh trail.

as always with a print edition about trails, which are constantly being developed, there may be
some information that is out of date or incorrect. trail builders just keep building trails.
this web site will have the latest draft of the guide.
it is a draft so the image resolution is not great. if you see
some incorrect or know of additional information, feel free to use 
the feedback form.

 order the book from the authors
or support your local bike shop
or order from
amazon.com

 
 



 











 






  


   

  
 login
  
copyright © 2018 by shaw weil associates

privicy policy   
  

feedback   
  



  


 






















