











bayside hotels ocean city md comfort inn gold coast 112th st


























































 













 














410-524-3000





 11201 coastal highway

search rates & book online


hotel amenities
packages & promotions
meetings
request a group quote
golf
area attractions
motorcoach
reviews
contact














 




















410-524-3000






search rates & book online




 


affordable bayside hotel ocean city md comfort inn

 be the first to know about our specials and deals!

email*

captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  








δ

this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.











		just steps to the beach	


the comfort inn gold coast is an ocean city hotel located on 112th street and coastal highway. we are conveniently located across the street from the beach and just steps away from shopping, restaurants, entertainment and fun. plan your next ocean city, maryland beach vacation with us!
the pool, hot tub and fitness room are all open now.



discover more
























the check-in was fast and easy. the room was clean, and plenty of room to move around. my husband is handicapped so this was very important to us.

“great experience at registration, and very clean room.”
















staff are killing it. so funny and nice. hallways clean. ice machine and vending machine every floor. clean updated rooms with a good view and lots of light!

“best weekend of my life”
















great place to stay and especially for the price. front desk staff is top notch!!!

“great place to stay!!!”
















great place very inexpensive for this up scale type of hotel. everyone is so nice from the managers to the housekeeping. snack bar open 24/7. in room coffee fridge and microwave. the most comfortable bed i ever slept in and an amazing huge tv with 600 channels. the hotel is 1/2 the price of most […]

“inexpensive beautiful spot for family or singles, business or just get rest”
















i was very pleased with my stay. i have stayed at the hotel several times.

“pleased customer”
















the room was awesome, stayed cleaned nice view and a nice tv. all staff were nice to me and my family.

“good quality”
















very pleased,very happy lobby decorated very nicely for christmas my greatgranddaughter loved it & of course the pool &we loved the hot tub very clean we love this place,we stay every time we come done here& we recommend it to our friends and family!! we love it!!

“home away from home”
















i was very happy with the accommodations at the ocean city comfort inn.

“pleasant stay”
















great stay, nice spacious rooms. bus service nearby to be able to go all the way down to the boardwalk.

“fun time”
















great friendly service at affordable pricing, great location dinner, movie and little mall just steps away.

“staff is the best at this hotel!”
















great family friendly hotel you will enjoy the swimming pool. nice sized room and bathroom.

“fun in oc”
















my wife and i stay here every year for 3 nights for the new years holiday. we love it, we’ve been coming here for 17 years. one of the best features is that a denny’s restaurant is connected to the hotel. we’ve gone down in our pajamas at midnight for a late dessert. the rooms […]

“news years 3 night stay”
















very clean nice hotel with hot tub and pool. great views of the bay. loved the pool and view, also the room was really nice and clean.

“very clean”
















great value and quality . located just across from public access to the beach.

“oc”
















this is an amazing place to stay in a part of ocmd that has a ton of great restaurants, activities for the kids, bars to visit for the adults and best of all, the beach is not the crowded!!!

joseph enste
















this is an amazing place to stay in a part of ocmd that has a ton of great restaurants, activities for the kids, bars to visit for the adults and best of all, the beach is not the crowded!!!

joseph enste













packages & promotions


the longer you stay, the more you save!

save 10% off with a 2-night stay
save 15% off with a 3-night stay
save 20% off with a 4-night stay

*valid now on weekdays sunday through thursday and all summer, too!
more info








groups


meetings

use our private meeting room for your conference, banquet, party, or special event.
food & beverate available

motor coach

we are bus-friendly!
welcome reception
express check-in

top of the line service!

contact our professional group sales team
410-524-3000 or submit request
















to make a reservation call 410-524-3000 direct
or choice hotels toll-free 1-800-228-5150


sign up for specials and deals!
receive oc deals and promos in your inbox.


email*

captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  








δ

this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.








comfort inn – gold coast 11201 coastal highway
ocean city, maryland 21842

contact information phone: 410-524-3000
fax: 410-524-8255
email: info@comfortgoldcoast.com

reservation button and social accountsmake a reservation













trip advisor 

accessibility | site map

		        	copyright ©2025 affordable bayside hotel ocean city md comfort inn
website design by d3, ocean city, maryland









top


















