

















	camesa wireline | downhole cable experts












































technical resources


technical references


frequently asked questions


calculators


contact technical support


camesa cable school








home


company


service center locator


about




products


ecoseal®


emc


open hole


cased hole


sour service cables


geothermal geosteam™


greaseless ecoseal®


fiber optic cables




mechanical


dycam


swabline


x3™ slickline




full product catalog




technical resources


technical references


frequently asked questions


calculators


contact technical support


camesa cable school




brands


camesa


casar


drumet


euronete


lankhorst engineered products


lankhorst euronete australia


lankhorst ropes maritime


lankhorst ropes offshore


lankhorst yarns


le drezen


oliveira


phillystran


wireco structures


union rope


u.s. reel


wireco worldgroup




contact










contact




                    search 


en

es






















































camesa wireline is an innovative leader in mechanical and electromechanical wireline for the oil and gas industry.
from best-in-class conventional products to next-gen solutions, we work directly with our clients around the world to ensure our products are engineered to perform in even the world’s most demanding plays. 
and with our global network of service centers and industry-leading commitment to service, our customers gain a reliable partner dedicated to them and their success — any job, any environment. 
talk to a representative














mechanical
camesa’s mechanical wireline selection includes both conventional swabline and dycam options as well as next-gen x3™ slickline for improved performance in demanding environments.







emc
camesa offers a best-in-industry selection, including cased and open-hole options as well as multi- and mono-conductor cable to suit the unique demands of your
job environment.







ecoseal®
camesa’s next generation of ecoseal continues to drive the field forward with more efficiency, more productivity, and less npt.







technical resources
find the answers you’re looking for with camesa's library of technical bulletins, frequently asked questions and calculators.







contact us
contact us today to access a complete listing of camesa® wireline emc and mechanical cables.







camesa cable school
to ensure that our clients get the most from their wireline investment, we offer proprietary cable school training free with your purchase.


















take a deeper look at your wireline partner.
contact us now
















technical resources



locate a service center



wireco news






the wireco worldgroup is offering incredible career opportunities

with nearly 4,000 employees worldwide, wireco worldgroup is a great place for you to build a rewarding career. our professionals enjoy the opportunities of a global manufacturing and distribution leader as well as a culture of open communication, professional growth, and friendly camaraderie that fosters innovation and problem solving.
view opportunities here!




socialize with us!























© 2025 wireco® worldgroup. all rights reserved.
 | warranty & warning | privacy | terms & conditions | by foremost media® | 

login




















                    this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
                        learn more 


ok
settings







cookie settings
x



cookie policy
strictly neccessary
peformance
functional
targeting



cookie policy


http cookie, also a cookie or cookie, is a simple text file that is stored in a web browser while a user views a website. when a user browses the same site in the future, the site may extract or retrieve information stored in the cookie in order to be informed of the previous user activity. cookies can contain information about the pages that user visits, login details, and which buttons the user has clicked on. this data can remain in the cookie for months, even years. the main purpose of cookies is to improve usability of a website.
learn more 




strictly neccessary cookie






these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
cookies used


.aspxanonymous
?
this cookie is used by sites using the .net technology platform from microsoft. it enables the site to maintain an anonymous user-id to track unique users within a session without them logging in or otherwise identifying themselves.


__requestverificationtoken
?
anti-forgery cookie set by web applications built using asp.net mvc technologies. it is designed to stop unauthorised posting of content to a website, known as cross-site request forgery. it holds no information about the user and is destroyed on closing the browser.


__zlcmid
?
sorry, can't help with this one. perhaps set by a third party module?


authentication
?
a dnn forms authentication cookie (created when a user logs in).


dnn_ismobile
?
a dnn cookie used by the cms to determine if the visitor is browsing from a mobile device.


language
?
a dnn cookie is created called "language" to store the current language - in a monolingual install this is simply the browser default language, but if the site supports multiple languages then this may be different based on the language selected by clicking in the languages skin object.


lastpageid
?
a dnn cookie used by the cms to store the last visited page.






peformance cookie






these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
cookies used






functional cookie






these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. they may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
cookies used






targeting cookie






these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
cookies used






cancel
ok





