
















home






























               


     welcome


   i'm new



  bulletins



  mass times



  staff



  parish calendar





  worship & sacraments


   adoration



  sacraments



  children's liturgy



  liturgy ministries



  all ministries booklet



  faith direct



  organizations



  stewardship





  faith formation


   becoming catholic


   o.i.c.a.





  marriage & family ministry



  psr





  ministries


   ministries


   charity in action



  music ministry



  eucharistic ministers



  ministry of care



  men's ministry



  prayer shawl ministry



  sancuary guide



  social justice



  welcome ministry



  youth ministry



  women's ministry



  small christian communities





  facilities



  bookstore





  contact us












    
 





      


  




    alive in faith.    firm in hope.    abiding in love.

 




      



 i'm new


    






 bulletins﻿


    





 donate




   greetings from the faith community of saint clarence for 46 years the church of saint clarence has been faithful to its commission of going into the north olmsted, ohio, community and beyond proclaiming the kingdom of god in word and in deed.  to be sure, we are different men and women because of our communal family of faith.  truly, god has blessed us and has caused us to be a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people set apart. a people set apart not for ourselves but for our brothers and sisters, especially the least and the most vulnerable among us.  so, yes, saint clarence has made a difference!  a difference in the life of the greater north olmsted community, a difference in the life of the diocese of cleveland, a difference in the life of the global church and, i dare say, a difference in the lives of so many nameless and faceless people we will never come to know personally. how?  by doing exactly what god has asked of us! by feeding the hungry and giving drink to the thirsty. by clothing the naked and visiting the ill and those who are in prison. by welcoming the stranger and by loving one another as god has first loved us in christ. we are glad you have visited our web presence.  please know that you are welcome to visit us any time here at saint clarence.  please consider joining us for worship!  consider sitting with us at the table of the lord as we open the scriptures and break the bread. please, consider yourself part of the saint clarence family! may god continue to bless you with every good gift under the heavens! may we continue to bless god and one another!  may god send his spirit upon us to make us holy and give us peace! fr. neil


  you're invited

 our mass times

weekendssaturday vigil mass: 4:30 pmsunday: 8:00 am, 10:00 am, 12:00pm (noon)weekdaysmonday - friday: 8:30 amholy days8:30 amholy day vigil mass 7:00 pmchildren's liturgy of the wordsunday: 10:00 am confession
saturday: 4:00 - 4:30 pm



    discover our upcoming events.




   

       


  





  new title

new paragraph


      


  





  new title

new paragraph


      


  





  new title

new paragraph





    popular st. clarence ministries





       

  sacraments
  

music ministries








     

  charity in action
  

charity in action








     

  ministries
  

youth ministry








     

  i'm new
  

galileans










  


   our mission
 
 we, the faith community of st. clarence, guided by the holy spirit, and inspired by word and sacrament, embrace the mission of jesus christ to comfort the sick and to heal the brokenhearted, to teach love of god and neighbor, to reconcile the alienated, to serve the poor and to witness god’s good news to all, especially the least of our brothers and sisters. we claim as our charism the virtue of hospitality, and we name ourselves as a welcoming community in the name of the lord jesus.







   

mass times


          mass times
monday-friday 8:30 a.m.
saturday 4:30 p.m.
sunday 8:00 a.m., 10:00 a.m., 12:00 noon

holy day vigil mass 7:00 p.m.
holy day 8:30 a.m.

 confession times

saturday 4:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.
or by appointment


  

    

 





  contact us


30106 lorain roadnorth olmsted, ohio 44070
(440) 734-2414
staff@st-clarence.org
 office hours

monday - friday: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm




     © 2025 
weconnect  |  by lpi








































































































































  
  share by:









