


jessica jahiel's horse-sense: the newsletter of holistic horsemanship(r)


amazon.com widgets














home   
archives   
subscribe   
contribute   
consultations   






jessica jahiel's horse-sense newsletter
is a free, subscriber-supported electronic q&a newsletter which 
deals with all aspects of horses, their management, riding, and training.
since 1995, 
jessica jahiel, award-winning author, 
clinician, and lecturer, has been writing 8-12 articles a month based 
on questions from subscribers.  
over 1450
 articles are currently 
indexed and searchable in our 
newsletter archives.

when you subscribe, your horse-sense articles will arrive several times a month  
via e-mail with the very best in horse-related information and advice, 
in a no-frills, no-ads, information-dense format.  its interactive q&a
format means that the topics are the ones that you, the readers, want to 
read about! [subscribe now].

both horse-sense subscriptions and access to its archives remain free.  
but if you find the information of value, we ask that you consider making 
an annual contribution to horse-sense 
to help ensure its continued publication in its current free, non-commercial 
electronic format.

for those of you who are looking for timely, private assistance with your questions 
or problems jessica offers private phone consultations.

please visit jessica jahiel: 
holistic horsemanship®
[www.jessicajahiel.com] for more information on 
clinics, 
video lessons, 
phone consultations,
books, 
articles, 
columns, and
expert witness and litigation consultant services.



how to submit a question 
anyone may submit a question to horse-sense 
but you'll need to subscribe to horse-sense to receive the weekly e-mail newsletter.


using spam filtering or a spam-blocking service? 
please remember to add horse-sense to your white list (list of accepted senders). 
read more about it.










search the archives
the horse-sense archives contain over 1500 articles.  see article index for listings by subject.  
additional articles will be available online once the new horse-sense site goes live.




















submitting your question

please read the the guidelines before emailing questions@horse-sense.org with your
question.  if you are looking for timely, one-on-one assistance with your questions 
or problems, jessica offers private phone consultations.





true helmet stories from 
horse-sense readers

since 2003, we have been collecting stories from horse-sense readers.  they share their first-hand 
experiences in the hopes that they will help convince you or someone you care about to wear 
a riding helmet that meets or exceeds current safety standards (in the usa: astm/sei)
for every ride. please don't hesitate to e-mail or print 
any of these stories you may wish to share with others. 

read on: true helmet stories




the horse training problem solver
 the third book in jessica jahiel's problem solver series, 
the horse training problem solver is based on the horse-sense 
newsletter and features over 100 articles in the familiar horse-sense q&a 
format, many newly written just for the book.



order from amazon
416 pages, storey publishing, llc, september 2007.  also available in paperback.





the problem solver series


the rider's problem solver
your questions answered: how to improve your skills, overcome your fears, and understand your horse.


order from amazon
384 pages. storey publishing, llc, april 2006.
also available in paperback.
take a look inside: table of contents and
author's preface.





the horse behavior problem solver
your questions answered about how horses think, learn, and react

order from amazon.
 
416 pages. storey publishing, llc, may 2004.
also available in paperback.
search inside the book




 


copyright © 1995-2025 by jessica jahiel, 
holistic horsemanship®.

all rights reserved. holistic horsemanship® is a registered trademark.



materials from jessica jahiel's horse-sense: the newsletter of holistic horsemanship®
may be distributed and copied for personal, non-commercial use provided that all 
authorship and copyright information, including this notice, is retained. materials may 
not be republished in any form without express permission of the author.

last updated october 2, 2013 by the horse-sense newsletter administrator,  hsna[at]horse-sense.org

url: http://www.horse-sense.org/





