   hot collectibles | vintage and rare collectible news            
collectiblesartbookscollectible bookscomic bookscollectible toysmichael jackson toysvintage fisher price toysvintage japanese tin toysvintage smurfsvintage snoopy toysvintage tv show and movie toysvintage western and cowboy toyscollectible vintage mobile phonesharry potter trading cardshot_collectiblessports collectiblesvintage automobilesvintage rock memorabiliasteven rosen – rock interviewsvintage t-shirtsauctionsebayonline auctionscategories























hot collectible newscollectible trendsbidtrendz is your source for the latest news on hot collectibles and an eye on current trends and prices in the online auction world.  what’s hot today?
most expensive sports card ever soldauctions, sports cards, sports collectibles, trading cards1952 topps mickey mantle #311 today on august 28, 2022 a new record was set for not only the most expensive sports trading card, but the highest priced piece of sports memorabilia ever sold - eclipsing the t-206 honus wagner card which sold earlier in august for $7.25...read more
lebron james “triple logoman” sports cardauctions, sports cards, sports collectibles, trading cardsis this card poised to be the most valuable sports card ever sold? we will find out on june 23. goldin is auctioning off what they are calling the "modern card grail" - a 2020-21 panini flawless triple logoman #3lg-lbj lebron james patch card (#1/1) – psa authentic....read more
captain america comics #1 up for auctionauctions, comic booksheritage auctions is currently auctioning off this cgc nm 9.4 copy of captain america comics #1 san francisco pedigree (timely, 1941) which they describe as one of the best copies ever seen to date and one of the most sought after comics in the comic collecting realm....read more
rare virgil abloh sneaker auctionauctions, collectibles, fashion, sneakerssotheby’s modern collectibles is currently auctioning off rare pairs of sneakers designed by the legendary virgil alboh with some of the items already exceeding the pre-sale estimates. alboh passed away on november 28, 2021 at the age of 41, after a two-year battle...read more
rare posters auction results march 2022art, collectibles, postersanother world record sale from pai totals over $2.8m; rare posters auction lxxxvi on march 20 realized new chart-topping prices. new york, ny – march 30, 2022 — poster auctions international’s (pai) first sale of the year, on march 20, finished at $2,880,000. rare...read more
most valuable autographs and signatures ever soldautographs, collectibles, ephemera and paper collectibles, historical memorabiliathis started as a top ten list, but we came across some additional entries that deserved to be on the list. 12) john f. kennedy's newspaper signed on the morning of his assassination: $39,000 the copy of the november 22nd 1963 edition of the dallas morning news was...read more
andy warhol’s legendary shot sage blue marilyn up for auction in may 2022collectibleschristie's is offering what is potentially poised to become the most expensive 20th century artwork ever sold at auction. with a pre-sale estimate of $200 million usd (with the possibility of a sale of $250 million), shot sage blue marilyn is described as among the...read more
peanuts by charles schulzoriginal comic strip artcharles schulz peanuts comic strip original art a lot sold in the online-only auction held november 19th-20th, 2020 by weiss auctions was an original peanuts daily comic strip drawn and signed by the late iconic illustrator charles schulz (1922-2000). the four-panel...read more
first appearance of archie in pep comicscomic bookspep comics #36 sold at the online-only auction held november 19th-20th, 2020 by weiss auctions, a copy of pep comics #36, graded cbcs 7.0 and notable because it marked the first appearance of the popular character archie, brought $8,050. it was a key book in a high...read more« older entriesfeatured ebay sellers
 clicking a link to ebay may result in a referral commission being paid if a purchase is made.loading...  
 clicking a link to ebay may result in a referral commission being paid if a purchase is made.loading...  
 clicking a link to ebay may result in a referral commission being paid if a purchase is made.loading...  followfollowfollow

terms & conditionsprivacy© 2022 copyright bidtrendz. all rights reserved.     



