



	corrosionsource.com - the one-stop materials and corrosion information resource
































































home
                                                              
                                                                



about corrosionsource

mission statement

disclaimer

privacy statement

copyright

contact
                                                                                us





reports
                                                               
                                                                



jip

corrosive environments

general corrosion

failure analyses

cra evaluations





galvanic corrosion

material evaluation

pitting corrosion

non-metallic materials

ssc/scc





free content
                                                               
                                                                



hot topics

handbook

corrosion fundamentals

corrosion reports





corrosion knowledge

corrosion problem
                                                                                solver

training center





corporate access
                                                                



about corporate account

my corporate
                                                                                account














































 
                                                
































                                                                                    joint industry projects (jip) are industry funded data and model development efforts,
                                                                                    designed to find novel, efficient solutions to critical industry problems. corrosionsource
                                                                                    brings you access to over twenty years of cutting edge research and data, widely
                                                                                    utilized by leading, global operating companies, materials suppliers and equipment
                                                                                    manufacturers. jip reports encapsulate valuable research data and insights for some
                                                                                    of the most vexing corrosion problems in oil and gas production and refining applications.
                                                                                











                                                                                    these highly useful databases allow you to check the resistance of a specific material
                                                                                    in a specific environment. examples of environments include acetamide, butadiene,
                                                                                    mercuric cyanide etc. databases are also available for different alloy classes.
                                                                                











downloads:

                                                                                    corrosionsource offers downloads of various material selection tools, corrosion
                                                                                    evaluation programes for our premium users. visit this section to download demo
                                                                                    versions as well as regular upgrades.
                                                                                
































latest content








most popular
































determination of safe service ...



this series in hot topics details the study of fourteen alloys from the groups of martensitic (mss), precipitation hardened (phss), and duplex (dss) stainless steels. these alloys were exposed to simu...




 
                                                                            
 
                                                                            






























engineering database on galvan...



this report presents quantitative results for galvanic corrosion on stainless steel alloys 4130, 420, 2205, 9cr and inconel 718 under four different environments in oil and gas production. the differe...




 
                                                                            
 
                                                                            
































































corrosion in multiphase enviro...



many service applications involve the exposure to multiphase environments that contain produced, process or condensed water in combination with hydrocarbon liquid and dissolved gases such as h2s, co2,...




 
                                                                            
 
                                                                            































oxidation resistance



many service applications involve the exposure to multiphase environments that contain produced, process or condensed water in combination with hydrocarbon liquid and dissolved gases such as h2s, co2,...




 
                                                                            
 
                                                                            





















































                                            report of the month
                                        







experimental studies on pitting of 410 s...

samples of 410 stainless steel were exposed to aerated and deaerated solutions of artificial sea water and distilled water, with and without packer fl... 














                                            topic of month
                                        







corrosion of steel alloys in co2 environ...

this report describes an experimental program to evaluate corrosion of carbon steels in co2 environment. coupon exposure and electrochemical tests wer





























contact us | disclaimer | privacy statement | your privacy choices   | cookie notice | global unsubscribe | copyright | mission statement 
                            
copyrights © 2022 www.corrosionsource.com








  
                            
                            
this site is best viewed with google chrome 4.0 or higher; internet explorer 8.0
                            or higher; firefox 3.5 or higher at a minimum screen resolution of 1024x768.
                            












this section will be up and running soon!
                    









 
                    







 
                    






