









astronomical society of south australia - assa



































toggle navigation










meetings & events


monthly meetings


member viewing nights


public viewing nights




dark sky astrocamps




other events


school and group visits




observing sites


stockport observatory


hawthorndene oval


tooperang hall


meldanda




membership


membership benefits


become a member




renew your membership


special interest groups




telescope loan program


volunteers needed


assa awards




the assa library




resources


welcome to astronomy


getting started in astronomy


the sky this month


for schools & parents




aboriginal astronomy




equipment & reviews




astrophotography




comets, meteors & satellites




solar system & eclipses




variable stars




more articles




radio astronomy




technical special activity kollective




seismology




zoom meeting instructions




about us


a brief history


code of conduct


honorary life members


the bulletin


site map


contact us




covid safety







donate







shop







memberzone






















public stargazing night | 21st february 2025
come along and view the wonders of the universe.

read more






the sky this month | december 2024
a monthly video guide to astronomical observing from the southern hemisphere.

read more






volunteers needed
volunteer opportunities are available now. learn how you can join the team to support the assa, its members and the general community.

read more





previous



next






welcome to the astronomical society of south australia
the astronomical society of south australia was founded in 1892 and is one of the largest organisations of its kind in australia with over 750 members. our mission is to observe, understand, share and to enjoy the wonders of the universe. most importantly, we promote astronomy to the public to inspire and enrich the astronomer in everyone. membership is open to anyone with an interest in astronomy. you do not need to own a telescope. the society is also the only representative body for amateur astronomers in the state of south australia.










join or renew







member forums







meeting recordings







locations







school & group visits











upcoming events



our monthly meetings are free and include an astronomy education session and the main general meeting which often features a presentation from a professional astronomer. visitors are most welcome to attend.




feb
21 

southern public stargazing night
friday, 21 february 2025 8:00 pm


assa is pleased to announce a public viewing/stargazing night.

come along and view the wonders of the universe using a suite of telescopes provided by members of the assa. attendees will take away a unique and memorable astronomical experience.














 our sponsors














 members' diary


february 2025sunmontuewedthufrisat      1234567891011121314151617181920february 21, 2025
              events today: 1southern public stargazing night2122232425262728 
      export all events (ical)
      
more events...








 




watch online
watch some of our recent events on our youtube channel




the sky this month






 







inside the bulletin - february 2025
each month the society publishes the bulletin — a 16 page newsletter for members, containing information on astronomical news and events.
this month's issue includes:
in this issue:

the allsky camera is installed at stockport
assa radio astronomy sig and e-callisto
bendleby and alpana astro camp bookings open

read now


membership
membership is open to people of all ages and professions — the only pre-requisite is an interest in astronomy. it does not matter how much you know about astronomy or any other science. the society has something for you. our members come from all walks of life. what they share is the enjoyment the night sky has to offer.
join today


 












contact us

astronomical society of south australia inc.
				po box 385
				brooklyn park sa 5032
				australia

 info@assa.org.au
 0401 702 772 (general enquiries)



follow us








copyright ©  astronomical society of south australia, inc.abn 95 668 807 078








