

















wedding photographers of the wedding photojournalist association – wpja documentary and wedding reportage




















































wedding photojournalist association
 








for couplesfind a photographer near me
top 9 photographers by region
engagement photo ideas
top engagement photographers by region
top artistic photographers by region
top creative portrait photographers by region
top fine art detail photographers by region
galleries - wedding photojournalism by region
galleries - pre-wed portraits by region
galleries - artistic wedding photos by region
wedding planning articles
viewpoints
contact us

for photographersjoin the wpja for $5.00/mo usd
engagement portrait inspiration
member login
frequently asked questions
membership logos
world wpja title badges
world ag title badges
wedding photographer articles
viewpoints
contact us

contestscontest winning photos
wedelope photo awards
engagement portrait awards
wpja spotlight
wpja contests
ag contests
wpja judges
wpja photographer of the year
top 150 wedding photographers
ag photographer of the year
top 100 ag photographers

wed elope
iso
 












            search          







 


 





















photo by quanchai ridhiwanna,  thailand







photo by estelle carlier,  france







photo by karin keesmaat, gelderland, netherlands







photo by coralie garavel,  france







photo by martin beddall, west sussex, united kingdom





 





small weddings + elopements | choose love, not fear








wpja contest judges have been recognized by their industry peers, winning top awards as staff picture editors, staff photojournalists, and newsroom mentors while working for these and other leading publications and journalism organizations. 



 


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  




  




  




  



  


  




  






previous next 


 




























wpja spotlight
exceptional wedding photography showcase
explore top-tier imagery captured by wpja members. with special badges and recognition, these exceptional images from weddings showcase the unparalleled talent of our photographers. dive into dedicated slider galleries within member profiles and spotlight galleries to witness the artistry and skill that sets our members apart. 


 
 
 lisa de domenico pacor  

 
 
 ambre peyrotty  

 
 
 matteo originale  

 
 
 dennis berti  

 
 
 scott josuweit  

 
 
 thiago gimenes  


view spotlight 2025 round 12 
 







intimate weddings & elopement photography
since 2002, the wpja has been connecting couples with the best, most artistic wedding photographers from around the world.



   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   


one of the most touching things about wedding photography is how quickly you find yourself thrown into the heart of such an important, intimate occasion. it's a responsibility only a fool would take lightly.- harry richards, wpja member
become a member

 







authentic photography
the wpja organizes various wedding photography rounds annually, recognizing and honoring exceptionally captivating images.
take a look at the previous victors by clicking on the links below: 


  
 2025 lifestyle engagement portraits - diamond awards  

  
 2024 v04 artistic guild  

  
 2024 v04 photography competition  

  
 2024 pre wedding couple portraits - diamond awards  

  
 2024 v03 artistic guild  


view more contests

 







intimate, micro wedding planning & elopement articles



  
 a sunshine solemnization - outdoor weddings in nature 
 not everyone has a lagoon or glacier next door, but there's no rule saying you can't have a small wedding in the great outdoors. take advantage of natural... 
 read the article  

  
 wedding reception tents: a creative photo palette 
 there’s nothing quite like an intimate wedding reception in a tent, with its uniquely informal atmosphere, customized decor and proximity to the elements... 
 read the article  


view wedding articles

 







the authenticity of wedding photojournalism 


   

   

   


two people making a commitment of marriage want to remember the day for the rest of their lives. shouldn’t the wedding photography that commemorates their celebration reflect the personal moments and honest emotions they will remember?a love for authenticity in wedding photography — finding art in the actualities of a marriage celebration — led to the founding of the wedding photojournalist association (wpja) in 2002. out of respect for our clients, the wedding photographers and photojournalists accepted for wpja membership have a demonstrated talent for candid originality and a dedication to the documentary approach in wedding photography. to maintain their standing in the wpja, member photographers must adhere to the highest professional and ethical standards.for engaged couples planning a wedding: hire a wpja photographer so you can reproduce and retell the beautiful, unique story of how your celebration unfolds — as you will want to remember it and have it told for generations.for professional wedding photographers with a photojournalist’s talent for capturing moments, not stage-directing them: join the wpja to have your expertise accredited, to help promote and further our craft, and to let the wpja introduce you to the ideal clients for your work. 
 







wpja contest photos - january 20th, 2025
any wedding photographer is going to want to please their clients — but they also want their work to be appreciated on a broader scale. this is one of the reasons why the wedding photojournalist association members love our regular photography competitions. these popular contests give our photographers the opportunity to submit their best images in hopes of being selected as a winner and being recognized for their creativity and effort. our contests are judged by a panel of notable and respected working photojournalists and picture editors in the news industry, which adds an element of prestige to our awards.






   

   

   

   



   

   

   

   




 







artistic guild - creative portraits and details - january 28th, 2025
the artistic guild competitions are distinctly different from our other wpja contests because this category is specifically for photographers who use their talent to create digitally-enhanced images, staged portraits and dramatic detail images. this competition attracts documentary wedding photographers who also view themselves as artists who are constantly looking to create their next masterpiece. 






   

   

   

   



   

   

   

   




 







diamond awards - pre-wedding engagement portraits - february 12th, 2025
couples who are searching for a wedding photographer often want a pre-wedding engagement portrait session as well as wedding day photography services. engagement photographers need to rely on their skill and expertise in order to help their couples select a meaningful location for their portrait session. these awards allow engagement photographers to submit their most moving engagement images in hopes of being recognized for their creativity and skill. 






   

   

   

   



   

   

   

   




 







tlc - true love captured - march 3rd, 2023
this wpja photography competition is focused on the emotions that are on display throughout any wedding event. the images showcase the powerful emotions that the couple are experiencing, and any of the feelings that any wedding guests may go through. the tlc contests follow a long-standing wpja category tradition of capturing raw emotions.






   

   

   

   



   

   

   

   




 











© 2002 - 2025 wedding photojournalist association. all rights reserved. | terms of use | site map | wpja best wedding photographers



















































