


home - the tribe motorcycle club of seattle


























skip to main content





















seattle's only jewish motorcycle club

the tribe motorcycle club of seattle




















member login
my shopping cart









shopping cart
cancel









home member signup event calendar photo albums blogsnews contact us















welcome to the internet home for the tribe motorcycle club of seattle. we are a diverse group of riders from many different backgrounds who have two things in common: a love for motorcycling and a love for judaism.
 
our membership consists of medical professionals, retail specialists, business owners, stay-at-home moms, software/technology professionals, and all things in between. ages range from as young as 20 years and as experienced as folks in their 70's. we have several lady riders in our ranks, and motorcycles ranging across many brands - both foreign and domestic. 
 
our ride schedule is simple. we meet monthly for an "official" club ride at 9am on the last sunday of every month, excluding major jewish holidays. our clubhouse is the big apple bagel shop (map), near uwajimaya, in bellevue. many members also leverage our mailing list to plan impromptu rides on weekends when weather permits. we also organize a couple of extended, multi-day trips per year.
 
in addition to rides, we perform several mitzvot annually. our members proudly display their bikes for photos and inspection at the annual jcc purim carnival. we host an annual picnic for the seattle association for jews with disabilities (partly funded by the jewish family services), and also spend time with the residents at the kline galland home. 
 
we invite you to explore our site, or better yet come to one of our meetings! if you own a motorcycle and are interested in riding with us, or even if you don't own one but are interested in exploring the idea - come check us out. we'd love to meet, schmooze, and nosh with you!
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
in memoriam, dr. steven jaffe - may his memory be a blessing.

























home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









