





dealer license



    

"since 1997 - the original
car dealer license site - and still the best!
dealers
license books  
/  why
choose us? / samples 
/  scams
to avoid  /  dealer
auctions  /  consulting 
/  contest 
/  contact
us  /  links
florida
car dealers license  /  other states (see
below)
 
free
12 e-book study course!  
car
dealers
license books 

my
goal as a licensed car dealer
if you want to make money buying and selling cars, or simply buy
wholesale cars for your friends, family or yourself, you've come to the right place.
i'll show you everything you need to know, from getting your dealer's
license to being successful as a licensed used car dealer.  i know the business from
the inside-out.
i'm a real  licensed and bonded car
dealer and i have been for the past 17 years!  i've been a bbb
accredited business since 1999.  
i'm also a licensed attorney so i understand dealer laws.   (i
became a car dealer back in college, and as a back-up plan, i enrolled in law
school.  although i'm also an attorney, my passion is in the car business
and always will be!)
you may contact me directly - call or text me on
my personal cell phone and i'll answer any quick questions you have with a free
5-minute consultation.  ask for me, james.  you do not have to
buy anything.  in fact, i have tons of free information - just click on "free
12 e-book study course" or see my "samples" link above.


why get a
car dealer's license?
1.  gets you into
private wholesale dealer auctions only dealers can go to - same auctions that all used car
dealers get cars from, including mega-used car dealerships!
2.  go directly to
new-car dealerships to buy wholesale cars with "closed bids"
3.  no state limit to
how many cars you can sell per year.
4.   drive around dealer cars with dealer license
plates.
5.  no need to waste
time "wheeling and dealing"  and hunting through ads.
6.  you'll be a small
business owner, entitling you to gold corporate credit cards, small-business loans and
other fringe benefits.
7.  tax benefits!
 "write-off" just about anything, including gas receipts, auto repair
receipts - even dinner and movie receipts!
8.  become an auto
broker!  did you know you need a dealer license to become an auto broker? you'll be
1/2 way there!
9.  get dealer
discounts and make tax-free purchases from almost any business including factory car
dealers and parts stores.
10.  buy wholesale
cars for yourself, your friends and family members. you'll never get ripped off from a
dealership again!
11.  export
cars outside of the country - typically, you can make double or even triple
profit if you export overseas.
 

 
without a car dealer license, you are missing out on all these
benefits and you are losing thousands of easy dollars every month.  i typically buy
cars for $1,500 and sell them a few days later for $3,000 without doing a thing to the
cars.  that's $1,500 profit in my pocket without even blinking.
i will show you exactly how to get a dealer's
license of your own - (as part of my local dealer license consulting business, i
have written  sixteen entire volumes of  car
dealer license publications including the "dealer license
manual", which makes it easy for anyone to obtain a
car dealer license in any state.)
it has numerous tips and tricks
in simple, step-by-step ordinary language that states and other car dealers don't want
you to know about...
 
the state is the
car dealer license enemy
did you know that all states make it a misdemeanor crime to buy and sell
cars without a dealer license? states regulate this by putting a strict limit on how many
cars you can sell per year as a private party.
what the state is really saying is "if you don't
play by our rules, we'll make it virtually impossible for you to make money in the car
business." 
to make matters worse, states will tell you what laws you must follow,
but will not take your hand and guide you through the process. as a result, the process of
getting a dealer license can be outright ridiculous unless you know someone in the
business.
many people think about getting licensed, but eventually give up
- frustrated and discouraged in a maze of confusion.  they fall back into the trap of
searching through ads every week, playing phone tag,  and driving around town all day
hoping to find a deal, while the licensed dealers are at the dealer auctions and new car
dealerships buying cars at below wholesale. 
 
after you get your car dealer's license, who will teach you
the business?
through the years, i've seen many dealers struggle.  they get their car
dealer license just fine, but they don't really understand how the car business
works.  if you don't understand the dealer auctions, you will be eaten
alive!   don't take any chances.  you can find car dealer license
publications at:  http://www.dealerlicense.com/dealers.html
 
warning:  out-of-state licenses are not the best idea:
i am a car dealer and i am also a lawyer, so i hope you take the following
seriously:
there are many programs online where you can "rent" a dealer
license or get licensed out-of-state.  if you are wholesaling from
auction-to-auction, it's difficult for your state to bust you.  
however, these programs can be problematic, especially if you are advertising to
the retail public in your state, even if you are a wholesaler who sells
"through" a network of local dealers.  even if you have a
wholesale license in another state, by advertising to the retail public in your
state, you are purporting to be a retailer and since you do not have a retail
license in your state, the state considers it "unlicensed auto sales",
which is usually a misdemeanor crime.  if you don't believe me, simply call
your local dmv investigator and they will certainly tell you the same thing.

 
states are cracking down on out-of-state car dealer licenses!
here's some real proof:
recently someone called me about advice because they were busted in their
state for unlicensed auto sales.   what happened was they lived in
florida and had a dealer license based in another state.   they
advertised a car on craigslist.com and an undercover dmv investigator pretended
to be a customer.   even though he had a dealer license in another
state, when the investigator found out that the dealer did not have a florida
dealer license, the dmv slammed the guy with a civil injunction lawsuit 
against him and if he continues to sell cars in florida with an out-of-state
license, he will be prosecuted as well.  that unlicensed dealer has had to
pay thousands in attorney fees for his defense.  the investigator was nice
enough to give him a "slap on the wrist" with a civil suit only, but
not all investigators are that nice - you can be prosecuted.   do you
want to take that chance?
 
in many cases, it's cheaper to get your own car dealer's license than
getting an out-of-state license
why pay monthly fees to an out-of-state company when the same monthly fees
can be applied towards your own in-state car dealer license.  i talk to
dealers all day and many tell me that it ended up being cheaper getting licensed
in their own state.   if you know what the minimum requirements are,
it can be done.   your state will tell you the requirements, but they
will not tell you the easiest, fastest and cheapest way to get your  car
dealer's license.   you can learn the easy, fast and cheap way here. 
 
even dealer auctions are cracking down on
out-of-state licenses
at my local manheim dealer auction there is a huge sign that says:
        "out of state dealers:  
if you purchase a vehicle, it must be exported outside of this state."   
not all auctions have this policy, but the trend is for more and more
auctions to follow this rule.   the auction does this per the state's
request because the state knows most out of state dealers who buy, will try to
sell that car in the state the car was purchased in.   this is a
back-door method that the state is using to further crack down on unlicensed
auto dealers.
what this means is that the dealer auction will not release the car to you
because you have an out of state license - you need to show the auction a bill
of lading from a trucking company that says the car is going to be transported
out of state.   this can be major problem if you have an out of state
license!  do it the right way - get a dealer license in your own state
in your own name.
 
a
car dealer license in your own state is not as hard as you think
when i got my license i realized it takes a little patience, but it is
not difficult if you are aware of what to expect and what the minimum requirements are .
in fact, the vast majority of licensed dealers don't have huge lots and fancy signs - they
do the minimum required to get licensed.  the minimum
requirements can be quite simple.
i will show you exactly how to meet minimum
state-licensing requirements!
 
easy
money, little work with a car dealer's license
it's no secret that there's plenty of easy money to be made in the used
auto industry.
with my car
dealer license, i only "work" about 15 hours per week!  i
sleep-in almost every day and i'm loving it!
i have plenty of extra time to do whatever i want and i'm making
more money selling cars than i have made in any other job i have had in my life.
  and what's best - i'm only doing it part-time!
(ironically, "small dealers" often make more money than
"big dealers" due to less overhead)
 

 
don't
believe the car dealer license myths
before i got licensed, i was lucky enough to have a dealer friend help
me out.  unfortunately,  he was more confusing than the state!  he told me
about requirements that didn't even exist.  clearly, he was trying to discourage me.
  now that i'm licensed, my favorite thing to do is bid against him at dealer
auctions with a smile on my face. :)
 
my revenge
- help others get car dealer licenses!
after countless hours of research in law libraries and personal
experience as a  licensed
car dealer,  i opened up a local car
dealer license consulting
company to help people get a dealer's license.  as part of that business, i created
training manuals to help people get their dealer licenses.  for example,
one of my sixteen volumes tells you exactly how to get a dealer license, compatible
with 50 states.  it's loaded with
every tip and trick you can think of to make the licensing process easier! i didn't stop there...
after receiving threats from other dealers, i broke through the dealer
code-of-silence and made history by being the first website to offer car dealer's license consulting
i now offer dvd videos,
audio cd's, training manuals, and phone help.
there is no reason why an honest person should be discouraged
from getting into any business. 
i will clear up the guessing games, launch you into the right direction
and help make the process much easier.  no more mysteries.  
 
do you really need my help? 
how can my program help you?
i'm sometimes asked, can't i get the requirements
online?  how can your program help me?
well, it is true - anyone can do a simple internet search and
in minutes find information about car dealer license requirements. 
however, keep this in mind:
1.  the state will give you the requirements but they
will not tell you what to do first, second, third, etc.   (there
is a certain order in which you need to meet the requirements if you want to
save time and money)
2.  the state will not hold your hand and guide you through
the process step-by-step - that's my job!
3.  the state will not show you the easiest and cheapest way
to get licensed - again, that's my job!
4.  the state will not show you how to succeed and make money
in the car business - my job again!
5.  the state will not take your emails and phone calls if you
need help along the way and after you get licensed - i will!
(don't forget:    i'm  a licensed dealer and i've had my
dealer license for almost 16 years.  i'm also a lawyer who is very familiar
with dealer laws.)
 
examples of
car dealer's license topics covered
in detail... (plus many more!)
what are the advantages of a licensed auto dealer that states won't tell you
about?
where do dealers get special discounts
from with a car dealer license?
exactly how
much money will it take to become a licensed auto dealer? 
where exactly do i get the
car dealer's license from? 
can i sell cars from my
home with my car dealer license? what will happen if i
do? 
exactly how long will it
take to get my dealer's license? 
who can i call for questions
concerning a dealer license? 
how much profit can i
expect if i have a car dealer license? 
what are tips and tricks for reducing the
car dealer license "red tape"?
what is a bond for? do i need
one to get a car dealer license? how do i get it? 
do i need a business license? what will happen if i don't
get one? 
do i need a car
lot to get a car dealer license? 
do i need to be physically present at my office
during business hours, or can i have customers beep me? 
is office sharing
permitted with a car dealer license? 
do i need business
insurance to get a car dealer license? how can i get around it?
can i get sued personally? what's the worst that can
happen? 
how difficult is it to pass the inspection of place of
business? what do they look for? 
what are tips and tricks for naming an auto business?
how do i make my own inexpensive business signs?
what should i know about city zoning? what are some zoning
tips to get a car dealer license?
do i need to obtain a business checking account, or
can i use my personal account?
how bad is bad
credit for a car dealer license?
how can a criminal record affect my
application for a car dealer license?
do i need to take a state
exam to get a car dealer license?
 
want a free 5 minute car dealer
consultation?  call me!
the only thing i ask is you click on some links below to find
out more about my services, read my free sample and "free study
course"  and then give me a call.   just click on my
"contact us" page and call me any time.  you won't find me hiding
behind my computer.   call me!!!
 

how
to order   
why
our car dealer license program is best on the web
free
car dealer license sample pages
warning - scams on the
web
free e-book 
how
much money dealers make!
free list of car
dealer auctions in the u.s. and canada
car
dealer license consulting
car
dealer license (california only)
win
a free car dealer license book
contact us 
/  company references
car dealer license
links

 
will this car dealer's
license program work in all states? 
requirements do vary slightly from state to state, but most states have
certain requirements in common with each other. for example, most states require a bond,
but vary in the amount of the bond.  one of the books available,
called "secrets of licensed car dealers" contains the requirements of
all 50 states in the appendix!   in my "dealer
license" manual, i discuss the easiest and cheapest ways to acquire the
bond.
the materials we provide will help you get a dealer's license in all the
following states:  alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado
connecticut delaware florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois. indiana iowa kansas
kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi
missouri  montana nebraska nevada
new hampshire new jersey new. mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio
oklahoma oregon pennsylvania  rhode.
island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia
washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming.


© copyright 1997-2014 hedjazi motors/ car dealer license auto consulting.
  all rights reserved. have a question?  call us
dealers
license books  
/  why
choose us? / samples 
/  scams
to avoid  /  free
e-books  /  dealer
auctions  /  consulting 
/  contest 
/  contact
us  /  links


