













inn at the park: bed and breakfast in south haven michigan






















































inn at the park



skip to header rotation
skip to main content









 


main menu




logorooms

view all roomsamenitiesaccessibilitypoliciescheck availabilitybook nowgift certificates
about us

about the innmeet our teamour gardenpoliciesgalleryblog
inn-dulgencesattractionsgroupslocation

mapdirectionscontact us
269-639-1776check rates 













check in: 
check out: 




reservations













welcome to inn at the parka luxurious and cozy getaway!






perfectly located in the heart of south haven, inn at the park offers quick access to the best of the area. just a short stroll brings you to the stunning sandy beaches of lake michigan, where you can soak up the sun, enjoy the waves, or take in breathtaking sunsets. downtown’s shops and restaurants are also just steps away.
start your morning with the aroma of fresh-brewed coffee and a homemade breakfast served in our bright dining room. after a day by the lake, unwind in our lush gardens or relax in the cozy comfort of the inn.
at inn at the park, the beauty of lake michigan and the charm of downtown south haven are right at your doorstep.

our lake michigan bed and breakfast is the perfect home base for exploring all that south haven has to offer. just one block from the sandy beaches, harbor, and charming shops and restaurants of downtown, inn at the park lets you park your car and walk to to everything.
whether you’re planning a weekend getaway, a romantic honeymoon, or a relaxing retreat, our central location makes it easy to enjoy the best of lake michigan and this quaint lakeside town.
we can’t wait to welcome you!

read more 







our rooms cozy & romantic accommodations our beautiful guest rooms are elegantly appointed with cozy fireplaces and details that make you feel relaxed and comfortable. each room has a flat-screen tv, wireless internet, private baths, and a king or queen bed. some rooms have a soothing whirlpool jacuzzi to maximize relaxation.
book your stay! 





 








 





enhance your stay offerings to make your stay extra special bottle of bubbly and a massage? hand dipped fruit and wine? take a look at offerings that can truly make your visit memorable. have an idea? let us know and we’ll see if we can make it happen for you!
learn more 












things to do stay in the heart of south haven located perfectly between downtown restaurants and shops in one direction and gorgeous lake michigan in the other direction, once you park your car you’re just steps from everything.
learn more 





 






 
host your event
host your meeting or event with us!
learn more


 
our gardens
visit our beautiful seasonal gardens.
learn more


 
about the inn
learn more about our beautiful inn and the team.
learn more







 give the gift of an incredible inn experience

gift certificates make the best gifts for friends, family or business associates.
order now 







read our recent posts
 blue serenity
there’s a reason we’re drawn to the color blue. it’s the shade of open skies and endless seas, a color that... read more
 
 exciting updates at inn at the park
at inn at the park, we’ve been busy enhancing every aspect of our guest experience, and we’re thrilled to... read more
 
 the fennville wine region
the united states boasts a diverse and vibrant wine culture, with its roots tracing back to the early colonization... read more
 








233 dyckman ave south haven, mi 49090                        phone: 269.639.1776
email | website
accessibility | privacy | site map 

facebook
google
instagram
tripadvisor



stay in touch
get area information straight to your email box.

sign up now

















© inn at the park 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.






call for assistance269.639.1776 


›
want to chat?text us at2693184999















 


call
rooms
map

reserve






