






cosmoetica: the oldest and most popular non-commercial arts site
        online!








 
 
over
                    2 decades of non-commercial dominance! 
over
                    1,009 million visitors since 1/9/01
 






cosmoetica     bylines 1 2 3 4 5 6    schneider online 1 2 3 4 5   archives     gfsi essays     seek & destroy   books   schneider fiction     true life     cinemension






 
dan schneider's amazon books page
 
the dan schneider video interviews
 
page 1  page 2  page 3 
                        page 4  page
                        5
 
 taking interviews to the next level!
watch interviews from award winning artists,
writers, thinkers, and citizens of note! 
 
featured interview >>>>>
 
 
on
                        rankin/bass
 
videos also appearing at
cosmoetica's youtube channel, cosmoetica's educational channel, dan schneider's cosmoetica vimeo, cosmoetica on daily motion, twitter and facebook
 
 
dan schneider being interviewed by others
                        online:
 
we
                        said, they said podcast on sight & sound film list
 
we
                        said, they said on poet bruce ario
 
destin
                        davis's q&a with the benton courier
 
chin jian xiong's primer on dan schneider
 
tommy
                        kovac interviews dan schneider





 
 

 





 
                  newly
                  released!
 
wordshapes: 

                  selected poems 1999-2009
 
 
by
                  jessica schneider

                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   

                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   
"each
                  poem exists as its own essence, its own song, even if for only
                  a glimpse—offering that momentary something."
 
                   









 
latest dan schneider video interview
on
                    genocide ii
 

 
 





 







index
sitemap
advanced




      




site search by freefind



 
 
or, to search cosmoetica, click here.  despite this site's providing over 100,000 searches per month to google, that company refuses to allow me to customize a site search w/o wanting to charge me $1000/yr for the privilege of providing them with customers and revenues.









ask dan schneider
 
after years of being flooded with questions and requests from cosmoetica fans, finally there is a way for dan schneider to respond to the many questions emailed to him every week (about 2000 per week).
 
feel free to email dan schneider a question on art, life, or cosmoetica and its family of websites and video channels, or maybe even send a question in video format and it might appear online (email first for instructions on how to properly send a video question). the sending of such a video question is also the giving of consent for it to be used and posted.











feature attractions 













 highlighting important, excellent, and cogent essays, fiction, and poetry 
 
dan schneider writes a great sonnet
(in real time: ed gein becoming)
 
 

 
 





interview








 
 







 
arts
                    & life with
dan
                    schneider
 
 

 
 





 
 
                  
american
                  tv 

 with mitchell hadley: 

renegade
                  network: abc





 
 
 
 






interviews











bylines



                                                             
the dan schneider interviews
 the most widely read interview series in internet history!
 
poet james emanuel
journalist pete hamill
philosopher mark rowlands
documentarian matthew pellowski
psychologist steven pinker
 
omniversica
 
the pioneering classic of internet radio is back after over a decade off air.









  
180 degrees south
 
 
happy people: a year in the taiga
 
 
chariots of the gods
 
 
dr. no
 






dan
                    schneider on




cinema








cinemension's great films list





subscribe to rss headline updates from: 
							powered by feedburner







 
as
                    if a promontorie
 

 
 












this old poem    poetry    praise for cosmoetica    contact/submissions     statistics     jessica schneider's blog     chubby oscar





copyright ©2001-2024 by dan schneider





































