
the pollination home page














welcome
to

the
pollination home page
your
portal to pollination information and images























at left: poorly
pollinated blackberry.  the ovules in the center were not
fertilized by a pollen grain, so they did not develop drupelets. the
most likely cause was insufficient bee visits. to enlarge and compare
with a well pollinated berry click on the image






need
bees for your crops? choose from a worldwide list of beekeepers who
provide pollination service. click the pollination beekeeper link
below. no endorsement implied by listing.

pollination
beekeepers
(apicultores que alquilan las colmenas de la abeja para la polinización)


reconstruction underway






i. welcome to pollinator 2.0
 
  justus von liebig, a german chemist of the 1800s proposed a
significant principle of nature. it's called liebig's law of the
minimum, or sometimes the law of the limiting factor.
    liebig
used a barrel as an illustration. the barrel can only be filled to the
level of the shortest stave. likewise in many areas of the natural
world, one factor can limit the whole.
    for example,
there are eight amino acids that our bodies cannot produce. these must
be present in our food, or we will suffer nutritional deficiency
diseases. however, they must be present in a proper balance. if one is
missing, the others cannot be utilized.
   corn is a major
food of native americans. however, if too much corn is eaten, one will
suffer deficiency, because it lacks one of the eight essential amino
acids - lysine. if lysine is added, the remainder of the nutrients can
be used. whether they knew the reason or not, they invented a
dish
that solved the problem. they added beans to the diet,
creating "succotash," beans supplied the missing amino acid and made a
balanced diet.
    farmers know that one deficient mineral can cause
a serious crop
failure, because the plant cannot properly utilize the other minerals
which are present. they rely on soil tests to identify any limiting
factors so they can be corrected.
    pollination can be a limiting
factor in horticulture. every other necessary cultural need may be met,
but
pollination failure can limit the quality, the quantity, or even deny
the yield altogether.


liebig's
barrel




    dr. malcolm (tom) sanford, florida
extension specialist published, in my estimation, one of the most
important papers on pollination in the 20th century. his 1998 paper was
the beginning of an official awareness of what beekeepers were seeing
all along:  "pollination, the forgotten agricultural input."  
    pollinator
decline, and the need to manage pollination are the reason the
pollination home page and its predecessors, palmetto pollinator and the
pollination scene, were begun more than two decades ago.
 
  now it is recognized as more than an agricultural issue, and
it
is time for an upgrade. so welcome to pollinator 2.0.
    the
old page has been taken down and is being rebuilt, piece by piece with
more information, updated and additional links, better graphics, new
videos and a whole lot more. this is the happening place for anything
to do with pollination, and it will also include some side trips.
welcome!
dave, aka pollinator, or sometimes the old drone
(drones don't normally
get old, unless they fail to fulfil their function in life.)

all about pollination     (under reconstruction)

environment: pollinator
education, pollinator decline, pollinator protection
the world of bees (except honey bees)
honey
bees and their management
non-bee pollinators: bats, butterflies, birds
pollination management
plant-pollinator database
pollination
services
books, links and other resourcesopportunities:  education, events, jobs



ii. the
old drone's blog   new! check it out.



iii. other topics of interest   (lots more coming
soon)
beneficial insects (and other helpful creatures)
pollinators
aren't the only good bugs. 

other
beneficial insects
and creatures     

our
exhibit at the 1997 south carolina state fair took a blue ribbon!


new! swarm capture fail videos; then swarm capture success!
(note:
the videos in this story are in flash format, so they should be able to
be played by both pcs and macs. however, your visus software may block
them, and you'll have to change settings to see them. because they are
high definition, they are very large files, and folks who have dialup
internet may not be able to download them.


photos and videos may not be reproduced without permission!


gardeners resources

how do i know if my cukes
or squash aren't getting
well pollinated?
i don't think i have enough bees. how do i do hand pollination?
i have a really nice tasting apple. can i grow apple trees from seeds



iv.
housekeeping: awards, copyright and photo use, webmaster and misc.
if
you are looking for the pollinator partnership recently featured in organic
gardening magazine, their
correct address is http://www.pollinator.org.   
enjoy your visit there.
(when
you finish there, y'all are welcome to come back and visit here awhile.)
write to the webmaster
    
meet the webmaster

to use photos from this web
site 
disclaimer
#1:  opinions
aren't facts; learn the art of discrimination. opinions presented for
your use and
amusement; use at your own risk. no endorsement is implied for anything
on linked pages.
we cannot guarantee the validity of information, the honesty of the
proprietors, nor the
quality of products for sale, nor anything else.
disclaimer
#2  i gratefully
acknowledge the help of many people on this page. but any errors are
mine alone. my wife
has been giving me some kind of herbal extract to make me smarter. it
hasn't helped, but
people do seem nicer to me.

copyright:  
this
page in original form and with additions and modifications is copyright
1996-2012, by
david l. green. except for short quotes used with attribution, anything
used from this web
site must be with permission.
for
further information.
help us
out. 
the pollination home
page does not accept advertisements, in a desire
to keep the page free of distractions. it is a labor of love by the
webmaster, a retired beekeeper. those who find it useful may wish to
make a contribution to help with its expenses. simply click on the
button below to make a donation through paypal:



(links from
your website are appreciated.)

this site is best viewed
with a computer and a monitor.
latest update: february 25, 2012


