


isilo








isilo™

library |
information |
support |

download |
purchase |
search

blackjack playeron google playare you a player?get the free game


target price check

home

welcome to the isilo™ website!







new at isilo.com


the library now has over 50,000 free ebooks,
for immediate downloading and viewing with isilo™.
isilo™ 6.21 for ios is now available on the
app store.
isilo™ 6.22 for android™ released.
get it from the download area.
isilo™ 6.20.1 for mac os x 10.10 yosemite is now available on
the mac app store.

isilo™ 6.20 for mac os x released.
get it from the download area.
isilo™ 6.20 for nook is now available on the
nook® apps™ shop.
isilo™ 6.20 for windows®, palm os®, pocket pc,
windows® ce handheld pc, and windows mobile™ smartphone,
released.
get them from the download area.
if you have a license for version 4.x or prior, you can purchase
the upgrade to version 6.x from the
online store.
version 6.x is a free upgrade for licensed users of version 5.x
within the same platform.
isilo™ 6.19 for blackberry® 10 and playbook™ released on blackberry® app world™.
get it from the download area.

isilo™ optimized versions of the cia's
the world factbook 2013 are now available
for download.
isilo™ 6.10 for webos™ touchpad is now available in the
app catalog.
isilo™ 6.10 for webos™ phone is now available in the
app catalog.
isilo™ 6.10 for android™, blackberry®,
blackberry® touch, windows®, mac os x, palm os®, pocket pc,
windows® ce handheld pc, windows mobile™ smartphone,
symbian uiq, symbian uiq 3, symbian series 60, symbian series 60 3rd edition,
s60 5th edition, and symbian series 80 released.
get them from the download area.
if you have a license for version 4.x or prior, you can purchase
the upgrade to version 6.x from the
online store.
version 6.x is a free upgrade for licensed users of version 5.x
within the same platform.






isilo™ is a highly versatile document / ebook reader
available on more platforms than any other reader.
the supported platforms include

iphone/ipod touch, android™, webos™,
blackberry® touch, blackberry®,
palm os®, pocket pc, windows mobile smartphone,
symbian s60 3rd edition, symbian series 60,
symbian uiq 3, symbian uiq,
symbian series 80, and windows® ce handheld pc
handhelds, as well as for windows® and mac os x computers.
you can find thousands of  ready-made documents
downloadable immediately for reading with isilo™ or you can
create your own documents from html content using
isilox.
some of the major features that will win you over to isilo™
include:

high text compression in isilo™ format
documents result in a 50% to 60% decrease in size, which is about
20% better than the palm doc format, allowing you to store more
and larger documents on your handheld.
hyperlinks make it much easier to navigate through a
document.
images add visual richness to documents, especially
photo-quality color pictures.
tables allow the display of tabular data.
formatted text gives style to text for controlled
emphasis.


click on one of the links below to see a detailed feature list,
to see screen shots, to download the trial version, or to purchase.


feature list    
screen shots
download trial version




click here for additional purchasing options.























follow @_isilo_



©1999-2019 dc & co. all rights reserved.



