



the new york annual conference 






















toggle navigation





the new york conference | the united methodist church
nyac





home
about
mission
ministries
news
resources
finance
committees
events






















bishop bickerton on a time for courage, endurance, strength, and conviction1 of 8


reaffirm who we are and what we are called to be as the church2 of 8


2025-26 appointment season information3 of 8


start now to meet the deadline for statistical report submission4 of 8


new hope episcopal area releases new logo5 of 8


new hope episcopal area: bishop bickerton outlines what comes next6 of 8


host a meeting at the conference center7 of 8


8 of 8














bishop bickerton on a time for courage, endurance, strength, and conviction



reaffirm who we are and what we are called to be as the church



2025-26 appointment season information



start now to meet the deadline for statistical report submission





new hope episcopal area releases new logo



new hope episcopal area: bishop bickerton outlines what comes next



host a meeting at the conference center









our mission: we strive to share god’s love by creating safe places where all are accepted and welcomed, connecting the needs of people to the presence of god, and transforming the world through christ. learn more>>




news
press releases
events
blogs







seeking volunteers in mission teams: leader training scheduled for march 22 - feb 14
 over the past few years, severe flooding in vermont has upended lives and livelihoods. the state has been repeatedly hit by storms, that have caused extensive damage to homes, businesses, property, ...




germany elects werner philipp as bishop - feb 13
the germany central conference elected the rev. werner philipp, a district superintendent in eastern germany, on the seventh ballot.




united methodists join suit against trump policy - feb 11
united methodists have joined with other christian denominations and jewish bodies in a lawsuit against the u.s. department of homeland security.




bishop bickerton addresses annual conference leaders at the gcfa quadrennial training - feb 06
bishop bickerton offered a timely address on the first morning of the general council on finance and administration's quadrennial training. the theme for the gathering—taking place this week in ...




archives and history sets big plans - feb 05
a change in how the united methodist commission on archives and history is funded will make planning projects easier in the new quadrennium.




view more news 







reverend david a. gilmore, nyac director of congregational development and revitalization, to  take district superintendent appointment with the missouri annual conference’s heartland district - feb 04
it is with great sadness that the new york annual conference (nyac) must announce that our dynamic and charismatic director of congregational development and revitalization, reverend david a. gilmore,...




ny bishop thomas bickerton and other denominational leaders  craft proposal to preserve the united methodist church - jan 03
new york annual conference (nyac) resident bishop, thomas j. bickerton is among a diverse group of united methodist church (umc) leaders and advocacy groups from around the world who have created a ...




united methodist traditionalists, centrists, progressives, & bishops sign agreement aimed at separation - jan 03
january 3, 2020 (washington, d.c.): a diverse group of representatives from united methodist advocacy groups with contrasting views and bishops from around the world has collaborated on a proposed ...




view more press releases 






february16
2025 met lsm course: basic (english),




february18
board of laity meeting (zoom)




february18
christian unity and interreligious concerns meeting (zoom)




february18
chd advanced lay servant ministries courses (february)




february18
conference commission on religion and race meeting (zoom)





view more events 





aiem housing allowances




metropolitan anti-racism training (zoom)




metropolitan lay leadership training (zoom)




be wary about emails that "just don't sound right"




letter from bsa bankruptcy court





view more blogs 






 

quick links

bishop thomas j. bickerton
episcopal office announcements
cooperative parishes 
2023-24 appointment book
church conference forms
church dashboard login
nyac forms & policies
districts
calendar of events
conference staff
give to the new york annual conference 
contact us



directories

church locator
clergy locator
nyac-affiliated agencies

resources

press/media inquiries 
manage your e-mail subscriptions 
conference journals
safe sanctuaries 
intercessory prayer calendar
let us remember
classifieds  
book of discipline (2013-2016)
daily devotional
privacy policy 
disclaimer









   
        










open hearts. open minds. open doors.
get in touch with us
new york conference, 20 soundview avenue, white plains, ny 10606
toll free: 888-696-6922    phone:  914-997-1570




