

































































the sentinel | breaking news | | read carlisle and cumberland county breaking news. get latest news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















31°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




sports


high school



college



penn state



professional



outdoors



betting



casino



opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




lifestyles


arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



local scene



events calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



sponsored content


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









31°
cloudy
























        
        
            girls wrestlers from cumberland valley, big spring, freshman class shine at setional tournament

five sentinel-area athletes struck gold in the sectional tournament at mechancisburg to open the individual girls wrestling postseason.

















        
        
            cumberland valley boys basketball's seniors are always ready to write the next chapter

cumberland valley's seniors celebrated thursday's mid-penn title over trinity. but like any good leaders, they're hungry for more, always eager to take the next step. 

















        
        
            44-acre soccer complex gets initial approval in south middleton township

after pulling a proposal 16 months ago, keystone fc has preliminary approval for a 10-field soccer complex in a different part of south middleton township.

















        
        
            an antidote for teen smartphone fever? high school service clubs

high school clubs at boiling springs and big spring are helping students curb their phone usage while developing classic social skills through volunteering.

















        
        
            carlisle board eyes transfer of $3 million for athletic improvements to main campus

carlisle school board could vote to make $3 million available to fund a stadium fieldhouse and other athletic improvements to the main district campus. 

















        
        
            lights-out cumberland valley executes mid-penn boys basketball title defense, stampedes past trinity

cumberland valley caught fire early, maintained its momentum and sailed to repeat mid-penn gold with an 89-76 victory over trinity thursday. 

















        
        
            district 3 boys basketball: 8 sentinel-area teams advance to 2025 tournament

a look at the local qualifiers for the 2025 district 3 boys basketball playoffs with notes on their opening-round matchups.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            girls wrestlers from cumberland valley, big spring, freshman class shine at setional tournament


















        
        
            44-acre soccer complex gets initial approval in south middleton township


















        
        
            5 sentinel-area girls wrestlers capture sectional titles at susquenita















                
                the latest



















        
        
            cumberland county neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published in the sentinel 




















        
        
            bridge replacement project to begin on route 34 in middlesex township

the existing single span concrete slab bridge, which was built in 1921, will be replaced with a precast concrete box culvert.




















        
        
            honor roll for feb. 15

check out the honor roll for the second marking period at lamberton and wilson middle schools in carlisle.





















        
        
            cumberland county neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published in the sentinel 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video



















        
        
            see carlisle area's most expensive homes for sale



















        
        
            view carlisle area upcoming events



















        
        
            see latest carlisle area pets up for adoption




















        
        
            cumberland valley's myah mulgrew wins by fall to claim girls wrestling sectional title












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            5 sentinel-area girls wrestlers capture sectional titles at susquenita

five sentinel-area wrestlers struck sectional gold at susquenita, and 12 others joined them as regional qualifiers.





















        
        
            photos: girls wrestlers compete for 2025 sectional titles at mechanicsburg

scenes from the finals of the 2025 district 3 section 2 girls wrestling tournament at mechanicssburg area senior high school. 




















        
        
            cumberland valley's nolan buzalka part of 2025 big 33 team pennsylvania roster

buzalka joins team pennsylvania as a tight end, a position where he earned mid-penn commonwealth all-division first-team honors this fall.




















        
        
            cumberland valley, keystone kraken eliminated from cpihl playoffs

cumberland valley and the keystone kraken both suffered season-ending losses in the central pennsylvania interscholastic hockey league playoffs this week.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            the art of sports memorabilia: a collector’s guide

contributor content. if you are a sports fan who loves to collect sports memorabilia, here are some vital tips you can follow to help you collect memorabilia correctly and stand a higher chance of winning big in the future.




















        
        
            14 best colostrum supplements

affiliate content. discover the 14 best colostrum supplements, offering exceptional options to support immunity, gut health, and overall well-being.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            skills of central pa



                                        27 longwood dr, mechanicsburg, pa 17050
                                    




























        
        
            partnership for better health



                                        274 wilson street, carlisle, pa 17013
                                    






 website






























        
        
            ima medical supply, inc



                                        1 sprint dr, carlisle, pa 17015
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


amplified midstate

homeseller

pa wheels for you

penn state

the sentinel special sections

varsity sports

get healthy




services


about us

activate full access

advertise with us

become a carrier

contact us

customer service

career opportunities

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the sentinel, 327 b street carlisle, pa 17013
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























