











pass ltd | test equipment | calibration | training services































 










skip links skip to primary navigation skip to content
   01642 626140 contact us 

01642 626140	


contact us	



leave feedback 
      toggle navigation       home services  overview test equipment training calibration   industries our company  about certificates policies   careers news feedback contact us 
      search for:   

 

         see whatwe dotake a look around pass ltd and find out about the services we offer.play video 
  over 10,000productssupplier of test equipment, from the leading brands, to industries all over the world.test equipment  
  new hvtraining centreleading supplier of electrical training courses from city & guilds, eal and more.training  
  ukasaccreditedhuge calibration scope available onsite or in our iso:17025 accredited laboratories.calibration  

test equipment   leading suppliers and stockists of test and measurement equipment. providing quality and cost-effective solutions to customers across many sectors.

learn more	
training   accredited training provider offering an array of electrical and safety qualifications for both businesses and individuals across the uk and overseas.

learn more	
calibration   calibration, repair and asset management, our ukas accredited laboratories can cater for all scopes of equipment from the world’s leading manufacturers.

learn more	






websites





test equipment www.tester.co.uk test and measurement equipment, safety, thermal imaging cameras, security and much more.


visit website	
  



training www.electricaltrainingcourse.co.uk low voltage electrical, high voltage and health and safety courses can be delivered at one of our venues or on-site.


visit website	
  



calibration www.calibrate.co.uk the pass calibration house is ukas accredited and can calibrate all makes and models of test equipment.


visit website	
  
who are we?




all-in-one service full management of all of your test and measurement equipment. from initial sourcing and supply to calibration and repair. we also provide help and advice and a range of training courses.

services	




global industry supplier servicing all sectors in all regions, from utilities, education and facilities to medical, marine/offshore and public sector. we really can cater for all organisations in all shapes and sizes.

industries	




established since 2001 a national leader in the supply of test and measurement equipment, calibration and training. providing customers with cost-effective solutions and exceptional customer service.

our company	
looking for an exciting career?

work for us 
     news  read the latest pass company news articles and related company announcements.             pass ltd announces acquisition of gas and environmental services (ges) on 04th june 2024  5th june 2024 pass news
 pass (portable appliance safety services) ltd, is today pleased to announce the acquisition of gas and environmental services ltd (ges), a company that specialises in         pass limited acquires cuthbertson laird group  1st february 2022 calibration/repair news
 pass ltd is delighted to announce the acquisition of  cuthbertson & laird group (c&l) c&l has been operating in the test and measurement industry for         pass ltd make the fastest 50 north east list  13th october 2021 pass news
 we are proud to announce that ward hadaway, an independent law firm supporting entrepreneurialism, has released their annual list of fastest-growing private businesses in the         pass ltd is 20 years old thanks to brands that stood the test of time!  6th june 2021 pass news
 twenty years ago, we started out as a distributor of pat testers. today we boast an eclectic portfolio of test equipment and tools, including multifunction

      pass is a leading supplier of test equipment, training and calibration and we are certified to iso 9001, iso 17025 and achilles.  links
home
services
industries
our company
certificates
brexit preperation
policies
careers
news
contact us
get in touch


01642 626140
  01642 603858 (fax)
   head office  pass ltd  1 wilson street  thornaby  stockton-on-tees  ts17 7ar
   mon-thurs: 8:30am – 5:00pm friday: 8:30am – 4:00pm sat-sun: closed  
      




send message 
   © 2019 pass (portable appliance safety services) ltd. company no: 4457106. privacy policy.  marketing and web by pass media



























