



saab club of north america – keeping the spirit alive

























































 









skip to content 

facebook
instagram
youtube 








menu 
home
about

about
contact
board
bylaws
privacy
scna seeks it volunteer


membership

join
new member referral bonus


shop

shop
cart


9s magazine

9s
9s – full issues 1973 to present
9s content submissions
buy nines back issues in print
advertise in 9s


events

calendar
convention

saab owners’ convention 2025 – soc42
past conventions

saab owners’ convention 2024
saab owners’ convention 2023
saab owners’ convention 2022
saab owners’ convention 2021
saab owners’ convention 2020
saab owners’ convention 2019
saab owners’ convention 2018




soc group photos
car competitions
volunteers


resources

resources
saabwisonline.com
instagram
facebook
youtube
service
keys
saab parts
tuning


login
 


 







welcome to the saab club of north america!soc42 registration is now open! register here for the hotel! register here for the event! view the schedule here!we’re going to new jersey!july 16-20, 2025july 16th – track day; july 17-20, 2025 conventionhello fellow saabers!soc42 will be held at the sheraton parsippany hotel, new jersey. july 16-20, 2025. we are super-excited to be in the northeast – although folks will ask why new jersey? i know, we may be pushing the definition of ‘northeast’, but we have a very good reason. as you know, every year we have a theme for soc. those of you that have come to soc over the years know we have celebrated everything from viggen anniversaries to soc41 marking our commitment to local clubs. this year’s theme is all based on parts. and so is our new jersey location. we’d like to welcome back the soc parts tent. new jersey is the location of saab original. so you can start doing the math…i have a few other important updates too. our survey has turned up some feedback we are acting on. you wanted more value-based options for registration – we are delivering. and although we have tried to be flexible in the past with a-la-carte options, we are going to be now offer an all-in option for the best price in years. and every year we strive to get information and registration out as quickly as possible. we heard you there too. as soon as we get event registration open – you will know. hotel registration is open now. you can make your hotel reservations here.we are planning on having our usual track day event on wednesday the 16th too – more to come soon.get ready to rename parsippany to partsippany in july!keep on saabin! – shelly baxter, president scna 










facebook
instagram
youtube 

					© 2025 saab club of north america, inc.				




 

 




























