







the ultimate information and resource center for candida, candidiasis, fungus, and yeast infections

































the ultimate resource for fungal and yeast infections

























tweet 




share





fungus
yeast
candida
bacteria
parasites

 










home

candida summary

candida summary
candida info1
candida info2
candida short q.
candida long q.
candida books
candida
                        diet
candida diet books



fungus info

fungus info
rx fungal drugs
fungal drug table
prescription drug overview



parasites info

parasites info
books on parasites
roundworms
flukes
tapeworms
anti-protozoal drugs
anti-worm drugs
most common drugs
blood tests



diag. lab tests

diag. lab tests1
diag. lab tests2
guide to lab tests



intest. cleansing

intestinal cleansing
simple flush
lemonade diet



treatment plan

treatment plan
triple rx treatment
scoring drugs
med. interactions


find a
                doctor

products

products
gse info
molybdenum
pantetheine
nac
l-glutamine
biotin
yeast defense
yeast fighters
pau
                        d'arco
oil of oregano
olive leaf extract
garlic
cat's
                        claw
caprylic acid
black
                        walnut
berberine


about us
legal


 







“p.s. good website - i’m
                understanding this more and more.” 
                               s.b
“no md has helped me at all since they
                think my blood work is normal’  s.k..
“just a thank you for posting this
                information, it helps!” t.k.
“ i have a strong
                belief that i have a fungal infection that's responsible for many symptoms i am experiencing. my local doctor has
                not been able to establish a clinical diagnosis but i am not convinced. your book is helping me to deal with
                him.”                                  
                z.c.


help others find
                us
link to this site!



important
                you must kill off candida from throughout your system to get well, not just from the intestinal tract. all of the
                fungicides listed in this site will kill yeast both systemically and in your intestines.






 

 









fungus, yeast, candida, & parasites

 

the web’s ultimate information and product resource for fungus and yeast infection, especially systemic and
            intestinal candida albicans infections
 

            save hundreds of hours searching
this is a healthcare oriented web site that provides you with access to
            an unmatched amount of quality information. if you are serious about wanting or needing to know
            information about fungal and yeast infections this is the best single resource you will find. this web site presents
            the results of extensive research into fungal and yeast infections and treatment, especially intestinal infections
            due to the overgrowth of candida albicans and the pathogenic bacterial and parasitic intestinal infections that are
            commonly associated with candidiasis.
the benefits to you are substantial. you get access to a huge
            amount of quality and important information not available anywhere else. we've done a considerable amount of work in
            collecting, consolidating, and presenting this information. our research enables you get to get on with your life.
            for most purposes, your search can stop here.
our major information topics
we have consolidated a wide range of information from hundreds of web sites into a single resource that is
            distilled, formatted, edited, and rewritten. it will provide you with a comprehensive source of information that is
            well organized and very well explained. the major topics covered by this web site are briefly described below. click
            on the menu buttons in the left column to investigate these pages.

            fungus general information
in order to understand the nature of fungal and yeast infections, it is helpful to understand the nature of the
            organism. the fungus
            information page provides a good, mildly scientific but easily readable overview of the nature of
            fungi and some important attributes that will relate to candida and treatments. it provides a backdrop for the
            information on candida.
prescription drugs
it’s important to understand the standard medical toolkit for treating fungal and yeast infections. the
            prescription drugs section
            includes both a thumbnail sketch as well as a comprehensive review of prescription drugs used for treating fungal and
            yeast infections. the thumbnail sketch is presented in a brief table that fits on one printed page, with a backup of
            explanatory and reference material drawn from a number of authoritative sources. you will be able to understand for
            yourself which medications are likely to work and which not likely to work. because few doctors actively treat fungal
            and yeast infections -- other than simple cases like jock itch, athlete's foot, and nail infections -- you may end up
            knowing more about these drugs and treatment protocols than they do. for your treatment plan, it is
            very important to understand what is not likely to work, and why.
candida general information
the candida general information section
            expands on the knowledge base established on the fungus information page to explore the topics of “what is a
            candida infection”, “how do you get a candida infection”, “how do you know if
            you have a candida infection”, and “how do you treat a candida infection”. the candida
            section includes candida questionnaires that analyze symptoms to estimate the probability of a candida
            infection. there is a section that discusses diet and its contribution to candida overgrowth, including an
            overview of the digestion process so that the important aspects of the candida diet are readily understood. this
            section includes links to the most popular books on candida, including candida diet books and
            cookbooks.
candidiasis treatment plan
the treatment
            plan section expands on information in the diagnostic lab tests section and the candida section to present
            a consolidated view of a reasonable diagnosis and treatment plan.
diagnostic medical lab tests
if ever there was a topic where it appears that "nobody knows nothing", this is it. if you've been crawling the
            internet (you don't surf on a topic like this, you crawl), trying to understand if you've got some identifiable
            illness and what you've got if you've got anything, then you may have come across numerous references to diagnostic
            tests. mostly, these references are questions ("does anybody know what a candidisphere test is? -- someone said i
            should have it done.") most questions go unanswered because its information that’s hard to come by and
            difficult to understand. but, our page on fungal, yeast, and parasite lab tests gives you one-stop information
            shopping. it describes all the major tests in clinical diagnostic use today (some are very obscure), identifies some
            of the test manufacturers that provide test kits and supplies to the diagnostic labs, identifies the diagnostic labs
            that appear capable in this specialized area of medical science, and provides descriptions of the relevant testing
            services they provide.
 (in point of fact, the "candidisphere" test is actually the "candisphere" test which has been discontinued
            by the manufacturer in favor of more modern tests. see our page on lab tests for details.)
how to find a doctor
another of the most commonly asked questions on candida and similar discussion forums is "how can i find a doctor
            who knows about chronic yeast infections, and knows how to treat them?". we can't offer any guarantees, because every
            doctor has a unique level of knowledge and experience about the topic, and more or less of a willingness to go beyond
            the bounds of the training they received in medical school. what we can offer through our how to find a doctor page  is one of the most
            comprehensive web sites (the most comprehensive that we've seen) for finding a healthcare professional who
            might be willing and able to help.
book recommendations
we present an assortment of book recommendations that includes the most popular in each topic as well as some
            titles that fit in the category of early medical school texts -- more scientific but approachable by the average
            person. we offer you an easy way to purchase these books through amazon and barnes and noble -- just click on the
            links provided.
what we are not
we do not practice medicine here. if you have a medical condition that you believe
            requires medical attention, seek out competent medical advice from a healthcare professional.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 








fungusfocus objective: information on symptoms, medical diagnosis, treatment, and cure of
                fungus infections and yeast infections, especially systemic, chronic, or recurrent fungal infection and yeast
                infection caused by candida albicans intestinal yeast overgrowth (candidiasis). for treatments addressing the
                symptoms of candida albicans intestinal yeast infection. in men and women for addressing underlying causes of fungus
                and yeast-related disorders including oral (mouth) yeast infection (thrush), vaginal yeast infection (vaginitis)
                and  male yeast infection (jock itch). for treatment and supportive therapy of intestinal disorders commonly
                associated with candida albicans yeast overgrowth (candidiasis) including irritable bowel syndrome (ibs), leaky gut
                syndrome, intestinal parasite infections (parasites), and intestinal bacterial infections. for symptoms analysis,
                questionnaires, and diagnoses by lab tests. for antifungal prescription drugs and fungicidal home remedy through
                natural, homeopathic, herbal, and botanical medicines and supplements.
fungusfocus does not practice medicine. the information herein is intended to help you with greater awareness. if
                you are ill and need treatment, seek out a qualified healthcare professional. please see our legal page for our
                disclaimer.
copyright 2003 -
                    
                  fungusfocus llc all rights reserved. no material may be published in any form or on any
                forum whatsoever without explicit written permission from fungusfocus llc. this web site is the result of a great
                deal of hard work -- please respect our copyrights. 

 

 



