



wilkes university



































wilkes university uses cookies and similar technologies to provide you the best possible
         experience on our website.
review our privacy policy
acceptwilkes university



wilkes university

programs
news & events
alumni
wilkes portal


request info
visit
apply
toggle search and navigation menu



wilkes university




request info
visit
apply
programs
news & events
alumni
wilkes portal


top searches

calendars
undergraduate tuition
graduate programs
graduate tuition
online programs
virtual tour
jobs at wilkes



for you

parents
alumni
employers




academics & research
admission & financial aid
life at wilkes
athletics
about wilkes
give to wilkes








play/pausewilkes university
 

academics & researchadmissions & financial aidlife at wilkesathleticsabout wilkes

at wilkes, you will.



stage and pagehow liv serkosky launched her story













discover your place at wilkes.
our compact, 35-acre campus blends stately mansions with state-of-the-art facilities
                                 in a historic downtown neighborhood.
when you need a study break, take a walk and enjoy some delicious cuisine from around
                                 the world. visit the river common park for a jog, bike ride or picnic. hop in the
                                 car and take advantage of the recreational activities available in the nearby pocono
                                 mountains. the journey’s up to you.



















around wilkes-barre
the surrounding region
plan your visit











what do you want to do?search query
not sure what to study? don't worry! you don't need to declare your major until the start of your junior
                           year. your advisor will be there every step of the way.


explore all:
majors and minors
graduate programs
online programs











online graduate programs
earn your master's degree online at wilkes. our affordable and flexible programs are
                              designed for working professionals just like you.
pursue your passion or align your graduate studies with your career goals with programs
                              in business administration, creative writing, nursing and education.
apply to an online program


available programs
graduate education
graduate nursing
creative writing ma/mfa 
mba










at wilkes, we know you’re capable of more, and we know you’ll achieve it.
we know you're willing to...


more about work hardwork hard
work hardchoose a major that challenges you to be more. the interconnected nature of our academic
                                    programs allows you to explore and combine multiple interests.
academics at wilkes




more about create connectionscreate connections
create connectionsdevelop relationships with people who will help you grow.
mentorship at wilkes




more about go the extra milego the extra mile
go the extra mileearn real-world experience and find your career path.
career development at wilkes




this is an incubator for whatever you find interesting. for those willing to work
                        for whatever comes next.









ashley o'connor: finding her passion and a scholarship
ashley o’connor proudly followed in her family’s footsteps and her interest in water works earned
                     her scholarship funding plus a job after graduation.




john devereux: seizing opportunities at wilkes
john devereux is a true example of all the possibilities students can seize here at wilkes and there
                        is a wealth of never ending support, at wilkes and beyond.




ashley gangaware: finding a home at wilkes
for ashley gangaware ’24, coming to wilkes was like coming home — in more ways than one. gangaware found
                     a home — and multiple families — during her wilkes career.







98%
job / graduate school placement rate 
                           asterisk




$41 million
offered in scholarship aid



13:1
student-faculty ratio




asterisk indicates 
                  based on self-reported survey data.






an active and vibrant community.

view all eventsview all news


 feb 17fall in love with wilkesdo you want to know what it’s like to be a current wilkes student? are you unsure...  ross hall refresh welcomes studentsfebruary 11, 2025  feb 18pnc field info table-tuesday 2/18meet a representative from pnc field, moosic, pa at the student center lobby on tuesday,...  pulitzer prize-winning journalist and bestselling...february 5, 2025 








where colonels call home.



discover your place at wilkes. our compact, 35-acre campus blends stately mansions
                                 with state-of-the-art facilities in a historic downtown neighborhood.
when you need a study break, take a walk and enjoy some delicious cuisine from around
                                 the world. visit the river common park for a jog, bike ride or picnic. hop in the
                                 car and take advantage of the recreational activities available in the nearby pocono
                                 mountains. the journey’s up to you.







around wilkes-barre
the surrounding region
plan your visit










previousnextwilkes has become my home away from home, and i am so happy to be here. i love spreading the word about this amazing school, and i enjoy being involved, sharing my traditions, and learning new ones.shanelly hinds - 2024 president of the international student ambassador club and secretary of the wilkes african cultural associationi love my job. i work closely with dope athletes, inspire the next generation of creatives, and also work with some of the most creative minds in all of college athletics.lamont brown - assistant director of graphic design, university of connecticut athleticsi chose wilkes because it felt like home. the opportunities on and off campus are endless and there is lots of room for growth and development.emily repp '24 - nursing











you're ready. how will you make it happen?
our financial aid team will guide you every step of the way. with merit scholarships
                                 and financial aid packages for 100% our first-time, full-time students, we’ll show
                                 you how to make your wilkes education a reality.
learn about financial aid













connect with #wilkesu


instagram instagram link facebook external website x external website












wilkes welcomes all.
wilkes university is an inclusive learning environment committed to increasing access
                                 to higher education. we create opportunities for the dialogues that increase diversity
                                 awareness. we embrace and celebrate diverse backgrounds and perspectives which strengthen
                                 and enrich our campus and our community.
learn about diversity initiatives














what does success look like to you?


you bring the hard work. we'll provide the support.
our expert faculty will challenge you to exceed your limits and cheer you on while
                                 you do. focus on research. start a business. study abroad. land an internship. your
                                 success is up to you, but we’ll provide the support to help you get there.
wilkes is a university that delivers:

promise without pretense.
access without exception.
happiness without compromise.

are you ready to open the door?





plan your visit
explore wilkes virtually
apply










wilkes university


1-800-wilkes-u

admissions@wilkes.edu
library
human resources

give to wilkes
wilkes university on facebook

wilkes university on x (twitter)

wilkes university on instagram

wilkes university on youtube








you don't have to travel far to go further.
wilkes university is within a few hours' drive from the biggest population centers
                  in the northeast and mid-atlantic.
84 west south streetwilkes-barre, pennsylvania 18766







© 2025 wilkes university
accessibility
consumer information
legal & privacy
campus safety
jobs at wilkes















©
