





 









key west cuban restaurant | key west cuban food at el meson de pepe






























































  









locals save 20%* on entire check (dine-in only) with valid i.d.!













 


primary navigation

305-295-2620











sign up for deals
home
menu
our story

restaurant
history of key west and cuba
pepe’s key west blog


private parties
sunset celebration
patio bar

special cocktails
our photos


contact us

general inquiries
map & directions
sign up for a special offer


 














authentic
cuban food



✻

in mallory square, key west
our menu













discover
our story

✻
located in the popular old town neighborhood of key west and next to mallory square, el meson de pepe has been crafting authentic cuban food and drinks for more than 30 years. a passion that started in cuba, now thrives as a staple in the key west restaurant scene.
about us
















discover
our menu
find all the popular cuban restaurant favorites along with unique flavors developed from our world-class chef de cuisine pepe diaz. from cuban nachos and tamales to lechon asado and vaca frita, we've got a flavor that's perfect for every palate.
view menu















our patio
bar

✻
start your night off right with refreshing cocktails and live salsa music on the patio bar. enjoy the best mojitos and caipirinhas on the island constructed by experienced mixologists.
learn more













sunset
celebration
when you make plans to experience the sunset celebration at mallory square, make sure to include el meson de pepe. we provide great pre and post-party atmosphere complete with tapas, traditional cuban entrees, and festive cocktails.
learn more












private
parties

✻
located in a beautifully historic building next to mallory square, el meson provides one of the most unique event venues in key west for private parties and group outings. impress your guests with carefully prepared buffets of cuban favorites or customize a plated dinner with flavorful creations from our chef de cuisine.
learn more














el meson de pepe hours:
monday through thursday 11am-9pm  friday through sunday 11am-10pm
we do not take reservations and operate only a first come, first serve only basis.

 


 follow along 







sign up for special offers & discounts 
 


el meson de pepe's is a family owned and operated cuban restaurant in key west. chef pepe diaz and family first opened in 1985, bringing locals and tourists alike delicious cuban favorites for over 30 years. el meson de pepe is dedicated to great quality food and the preservation of cuban-conch heritage in key west.
*offer may not be combined with other discounts, coupons or promotions.
complete guide to cuban coffee in key west
the history of bacardi rum
things to do near mallory square key west
best bars in key west to explore on vacation
traditional cuban food during the holidays
the flavors and heritage of traditional cuban cuisine
most historic restaurants in key west
more than a cuban sandwich: key west food you must try















							© el meson de pepe   •   410 wall street, mallory square, key west, 33040   •   305-295-2620
this website uses an ada accessibility tool. view our ada accessibility policy. 
home | website terms & conditions | privacy policy








7ads6x98y


				sign up to receive offers & promotions			





email*

first namelast namezip code
  











δ






			×			





























we use cookies to give you the best experience. by using our site, you agree to our cookie policy.ok








