






 


home – ri builders































































 









skip to content



 (401) 438-7400mon-thur 8:30am – 4:30pm (12:00pm on friday)
search:
search









ri builders
building professionals since 1945

home joinjoin new members  aboutabout committees & councils professional women in building why hire a member officers & staff member benefits builders helping heroes  information centerworkforce development ri builder monthly magazine marketing opportunities riba podcasts mbe accelerator program  member resourcesmember resources ri builder monthly magazine education programs events calendar workforce development find a member member benefits 2024 iecc energy code permitting think tank advocacy and pac insurance apprenticeship program member log in  contact 



 
home joinjoin new members  aboutabout committees & councils professional women in building why hire a member officers & staff member benefits builders helping heroes  information centerworkforce development ri builder monthly magazine marketing opportunities riba podcasts mbe accelerator program  member resourcesmember resources ri builder monthly magazine education programs events calendar workforce development find a member member benefits 2024 iecc energy code permitting think tank advocacy and pac insurance apprenticeship program member log in  contact 









the 2024 iecc energy code starts nov 14th! 
							attention: 
builders, remodelers, architects, trade professionals and building officials, riba is offering energy code classes developed in partnership with the national association of home builders. 

learn about the major changes to the energy code and all the options on how to be compliant. 
contact us at 401-438-7400 to register for a class.  
							 


don’t miss out on construction opportunities in rhode island. follow our straightforward process to get your new contractor registration and start building your business legally and confidently. 
							your path to new contractor registration in rhode island 
							become a registered
ri contractor today 
							
get started today 
							
 


call elise geddes to schedule your no cost yearly review now – 401-438-7400 
							
learn more 
							riba and the builders insurance group (big) now offer a complimentary review of your insurance! over insured, under insured, or not insured, find out now with no obligation to you.
review services 
							new member benefit 
							insurance 
							 




news &
information 
							view podcast library 
							new podcast series 
							catch the latest podcast 
							

 


our story 
							learn more about the rhode island builders assocation, and the unique benefits of becoming a riba member. 
							

view video 
about riba 
							 


membership 
							join the rhode island builders association today! call us 401.438.7400. 
							the best value, best services in residential construction! 
							click here 
							 


en español 
							clases 
							a partir del mes de enero, estamos ofreciendo una variedad de cursos educativos en español. 
							aprende más

 


education 
							online 
							tuition-free for riba members & employees. state-mandated education offered here. save thousands - best value in the industry! 
							start here 
							check out these education programs and get your credits! 
							 


hire a member 
							looking to hire a residential contractor? visit our directory! 
							start here 
							 



workforce 
							development 
							riba, real jobs rhode island and rcwp have come together to recruit and train people who want to join the industry. 
							click here 
							find a job 
							post a job 
							


 


click here 
							click here 
							click here 
							
info / advocacy / events 
							 


de osha en español 
							clases de seguridad  
							 este curso es para subcontratistas que quieren aprendes sobre los temas de seguridad de osha para protegerse y proteger a sus trabajadores.  este curso es gratis si te inscribes a programa de desarrollo de contratistas de ri.  para más información favor llamar a margarita robledo al 401-374-1044. 
							aprende más


 


 















welcome to the rhode island builders association
the rhode island builders association (riba), founded in 1945 as a not-for-profit organization, is one of the nation’s largest local trade associations dedicated to serving the housing industry. the association has nearly 1,000 member companies in rhode island and is an affiliate of the national association of home builders.  our site has been categorized into 8 popular sections featured below and with more details in the site navigation above.  and if you can’t find what you are looking for give us a call at 401.438.7400, we are here for you!










information
find residential construction resources in the ri builder report, the award-winning official monthly publication of the rhode island builders association.
learn more










education
free tuition for members and their employees; state mandated continuing education, certification course, classes & seminars.
learn more










free career training
workforce development
your resource for training and finding skilled employees in residential construction.
learn more










hire a member
find professionals in all aspects of residential construction with riba’s online member directory.
learn more










events
riba offers the best industry events that you will love to attend including the ri home show, clambake, golf outing, networking bbq’s and more.
learn more










benefits
take advantage of, and stay up-to-date on your member benefits. you could save thousands of dollars each year with registration.
learn more










advocacy and pac
we monitor state and federal regulations, legislation, introduce and lobby for bills to benefit the residential construction industry. 
learn more










insurance
builders insurance group is located at riba headquarters and provides residential contractors with a full-service insurance agency.
learn more

























contact us 
450 veterans memorial pkwy
east providence, ri 02914
phone: (401) 438-7400
hours:
mon-thur: 8:30am – 4:30pm
fri: 8:30am – 12:00pm
quick links
join ribathe rhode island home showresidential construction work force partnershiplist
upcoming coursesfollow us 
 








					© 2025  ri builders all rights reserved | designed and developed by pmc media group | privacy policy









go to top


translate >>






















































