


cupcake bakeshop by chockylit































about me

name:  chockylit 

about cupcake bakeshop
view my complete profile


i have moved! follow me here to http://www.cupcakeblog.com.









cupcake bakeshop has moved!
chocolate cupcakes with chestnut-fromage blanc fro...
thai tea cupcakes
ube cupcakes with bubble buttercream
chocolate chai spice cupcake
pistachio cupcakes with rose petal buttercream
vietnamese coffee cupcakes
banana cupcakes, a few ways
carrot orange cupcakes with cream cheese frosting ...
samoas® cupcake





03/01/2005 - 04/01/2005
04/01/2005 - 05/01/2005
05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005
06/01/2005 - 07/01/2005
07/01/2005 - 08/01/2005
08/01/2005 - 09/01/2005
09/01/2005 - 10/01/2005
10/01/2005 - 11/01/2005
12/01/2005 - 01/01/2006
01/01/2006 - 02/01/2006
02/01/2006 - 03/01/2006
03/01/2006 - 04/01/2006
04/01/2006 - 05/01/2006
05/01/2006 - 06/01/2006
06/01/2006 - 07/01/2006
07/01/2006 - 08/01/2006
08/01/2006 - 09/01/2006

adding value to flour, eggs, and sugar since 

1983.






www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing photos in a set called cupcakes. make your own badge here.







sunday, august 06, 2006



                      	 
                      	 cupcake bakeshop has moved!
	                       
                          

comments have been turned off here (at least i think they have) and all new posts & comments will be made on http://cupcakeblog.com. please update your bookmarks and links!it was high time i made the move. i am excited about categories and other forthcoming enhancements that will make finding what you need fast and easy. all posts and comments can be found at http://cupcakeblog.com. look out for a new recipe later today at http://cupcakeblog.com!thanks!cherylnote: your feedblitz susbscription will continue to behave as expected (so i hope).

posted by chockylit | 9:47 am
       |
         0 

comments
 




sunday, july 23, 2006



                      	 
                      	 chocolate cupcakes with chestnut-fromage blanc frosting and madeira wine glaze
	                       
                          

this post and site have moved.i apologize for the lapse in posting, but i just returned home from a trip to portugal. more specifically, i was on the island of madeira, the island where my mother grew up. it was a fantastic trip and my mother's cousins where generous and gracious hosts. i knew i would make a cupcake to commemorate the trip and i knew it would involve madeira wine. i decided to pair the wine with chocolate for sure. i was keeping a lookout for one other local ingredient to use in the recipe and a trip to the curral das freiras, or corral of the nuns, provided me with some chestnut puree. chestnuts are abundant in this area and a visit sure shows that. there were all things chestnut for sale there - syrup, cake, soup, you name it. i had one more decision to make when devising this recipe and that was which cheese i would pair with the puree to make a frosting. i was leaning towards something tangy to balance out the earthiness of the chestnuts. i chose a fromage blanc from cowgirl creamery. it is indeed tangy with a texture similar to fresh ricotta. i think it's choice is a matter of taste - i will admit it pairs somewhat strangely with chocolate - but i want to give it more time to sit and for flavors to meld. i will report back on whether ricotta, which is much sweeter, might be a better choice. update: well, all in all, the cupcakes tasted very good, but ultimately i found the tang of the cheese a bit overpowering for the chestnut. i would try this again with ricotta or some other milder, sweeter cheese. i also updated the assembly instructions with some lessons learned.chocolate cupcakes24 regular cupcakes / 350 degree oven 200 gram bar of valrhona 61% cacao3 sticks butter2-1/4 cups sugar8 eggs1-1/4 cup flour1/4 cup cocoa powder, unsweetened1-1/2 teaspoons baking powderpinch of salt1. chop chocolate and transfer into the bowl of a standing mixer.2. add butter to the chocolate and place the bowl over a pan of simmering water. stir until chocolate melts and butter is combined.3. remove from heat and stir in sugar. let mixture cool for 10 minutes.4. beat in an electric mixer for 3 minutes.5. add one egg at a time, mixing for 30 seconds between each6. sift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and a pinch of salt into the mixture and mix until blended.7. scoop into cupcake cups and bake at 350 f for 25 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.madeira wine glaze1-1/2 cups sweet madeira wine1/4 cup sugar1 tablespoon chopped orange peel1. add madeira and sugar to a medium sized saucepan. over medium-high heat, stir until sugar dissolves. 2. boil until liquid is reduced to a syrupy consistency, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. 3. let cool for a minute then stir in orange peel. set aside to cool completely.removing peelchopped peelchestnut-fromage blanc frosting1-1/2 cups (11 ounces) fromage blanc1/2 cup (5 ounces) chestnut puree1 cup powdered sugar, sifted1. beat cheese briefly, scrape bowl.2. add the chestnut puree and sifted powdered sugar. beat until combined.note: i purchased the chestnut puree in portugal. it's a simple mixture of chestnuts and sugar. i have seen similar products in italian grocery stores. otherwise, roast some chestnuts and puree with raw cane sugar in a food processor until creamy. assemble1. drizzle glaze over the top of the cupcake to moisten and flavor the cake.2. scoop frosting onto cupcakes using a small ice cream scooper.3. starting from the top of the mound of frosting, smooth down to the edge of the paper with a small pallet knife.4. smooth off the top of the point of frosting, providing a flat top for decoration.5. drizzle with glaze and top with silver dragees, candied orange rind or some other decoration. [note] drizzle glaze before serving as it does become absorbed in the frosting over time, else omit the second application of glaze. note: silver dragees, or bolas prateadas in portuguese, are seen on many madeiran desserts. i brought some back with me for a final "topping off" of my homage to the trip.scooped frostingspreading frostingsmoothed frostingdrizzling glaze

posted by chockylit | 2:57 pm
       |
         36 

comments
 




sunday, june 25, 2006



                      	 
                      	 thai tea cupcakes
	                       
                          

i really, really want a solid thai tea cupcake recipe. i have been playing around with just about every product i could get my hands on and trying a variety of recipes and approaches. getting the thai tea flavor in the baked good was just not working. while the cake tasted fine... in most cases ended up tasting like corn and not thai tea. i finally decided to skip the flavor in the cake and focus it in the filling and frosting. i also used yet another new product and this one is my favorite so far. i made thai ice tea per the directions and the result is most definitely whatever i am being served in san francisco thai restaurants... the thai tea flavor i am accustomed to and love.these cupcakes tasted luscious - no funky after tastes, no cloying sweetness. the cake is the not-too-sweet balance to the creamy sweetness of the filling and frosting. we tried these soon after assembly and they just sort of burst into a creamy mass. i think with some time in the refrigerator the flavors will deepen, the filling will become one with the cake, and the experience should be equally as good, perhaps a little better, and definitely a bit neater.i don't know if this is the end of my search, but i am definitely pleased with what transpired today.cupcakes15 regular cupcakes / 350 degree oven 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature1-1/2 cups sugar2 cups all-purpose flour1/2 teaspoon baking powder1/2 teaspoon baking soda1/8 teaspoon salt1 cup evaporated milk1 teaspoon vanilla4 large egg whites1. beat butter on high until soft, about 30 seconds.2. add sugar. beat on medium-high until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.3. whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. 4. measure out vanilla and milk together.5. add about a third of the flour to the butter/sugar mixture and beat to combine.6. add about one half the milk mixture and beat until combined.7. repeat above, alternating flour and milk and ending with the flour mixture. transfer to a bowl. clean mixer bowl well and dry thoroughly.8. whip egg whites until soft peaks form.9. mix in about a half cup of egg whites in to the batter, then fold the batter into the egg whites, gently until all egg whites streaks are gone.10. scoop into cupcake papers about two thirds full.11. bake for 20-25 minutes until a cake tester comes out clean.mise en placebatterthai tea creamy filling3/4 cup sugar6 tablespoons all-purpose flour1/8 teaspoon salt 1-3/4 cups milk1/4 cup thai tea syrup 4 large egg yolks1. in a small bowl, whisk egg yolks and set aside. 2. in a medium bowl, mix sugar, flour, and salt together and set aside. 3. in a small saucepan, bring milk and thai tea syrup to simmer over medium-low heat.4. pour about a half cup of the milk over the dry mixture and mix to combine. 5. transfer back into the pan and continue cooking over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens. about 5 minutes.6. slowly add a small amount of the hot mixture to the eggs and mix to combine. transfer back into the pan and continue cooking over medium-low heat, stirring constantly for 3 minutes.7. transfer to a bowl, let cool for 10 minutes. then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cool.  note: you will have extra filling. i decided against splitting the recipe in half as it uses the 4 egg yolks for the 4 whites in the cake recipe. if you don't want extra, try cutting the recipe in half.thai tea syrupthai tea cream cheese frosting1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature1 8-ounce package phili cream cheese1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons thai tea syrup4 cups powdered sugar, sifted1. bring cheese and butter to room temperature by letting it sit out for 1 or 2 hours.2. sift powdered sugar into a bowl or onto parchment.3. beat butter and cheese at medium speed until creamy.4. add half of the sugar and 1/4 cup of thai tea syrup. beat until combined.5. gradually add remaining sugar (more if you have to) until you get to the consistency and sweetness you like. add more syrup to get to the flavor you want. i added 2 more tablespoons.the conethai tea cream fillingreplaced topassemble1. using a small pairing knife, cut off the top of the cupcake in the shape of a cone. flip the top over and cut off the cone.2. fill the cavity with a teaspoon of cream filling.3. replace the top of the cone.4. frost then sprinkle with crushed thai tea leaves.

posted by chockylit | 11:27 pm
       |
         30 

comments
 




sunday, june 11, 2006



                      	 
                      	 ube cupcakes with bubble buttercream
	                       
                          

 this is definitely an experimental recipe... one that ended up tasting great, but, trust me, looked a bit funky. i got introduced to ube in the form of ice cream from mitchell's ice cream here in san francisco. i was ready to finally try an ube cupcake recipe, so i went to pacific super, an awesome asian grocery on alemany street not too far from where i live, and bought nearly everything ube. i reconstituted ube powder per the instructions on the packet, but didn't like the taste very much at all. i boiled and mashed some fresh purple yams and they tasted much better. it was an easy decision to skip the powdered and go with the fresh.one thing i didn't do, that i noticed the few recipes on the net did, is add food coloring. after my red velvet experience, i have been anti-food-coloring-in-batter. in this case, i think i would have been better off to relax my newfound prejudice... the yams were a deep purple blue, which was great, but when mixed with the yellow egg yolks and other ingredients, the batter ended up a ghastly green. maybe a little red food coloring would have balanced it out. on the other hand, i can say that the ghastly green is natural! maybe a half cup of smashed beets might do the trick, if anyone cares to experiment even further.one definite keeper for me is the topping of peanuts crushed with a good amount of salt. this is something i stole from a caterer friend. the salty-sweet taste is very satisfying.ube cupcakes24 regular cupcakes / 350 degree oven 3-4 small to medium purple yams (ube)4 large eggs, room temperature2 cups sugar1 cup oil, grapeseed or vegetable1/2 cup macapuno, chopped1 teaspoon vanilla3 cups all-purpose flour1 teaspoon baking powder1 teaspoon baking soda1/2 teaspoon salt1 cup buttermilk milk1. peel and slice the yams into inch thick slices. transfer into a medium pan, rinse, then cover with cool water. bring to boil and simmer until tender. mash with a fork2. crack eggs into a large bowl. beat with a whisk until yellows and whites are combined.3. gradually add sugar and whisk until combined.4. add oil and whisk until combined. add chopped macapuno and vanilla and stir with a wooden spoon to combine.5. sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in another bowl. 6. add about a third of the flour mixture to the wet mixture and mix to combine.7. add about one half of the buttermilk and mix to combined.8. repeat above, alternating flour and buttermilk and ending with the flour mixture.9. scoop into cupcake papers about half to two-thirds full (depending on whether you want flat or domed cupcakes. note that these cupcakes will don't shrink. two-thirds full will result in domed cupcakes.)10. bake for 22-25 minutes until a cake tester comes out clean.cooked ubeube cupcake batterbaked ube cupcakebubble buttercream3 cups water1/4 cup tapioca balls1 cup (2 sticks) butter, room temperature5-6 cups powdered sugar, sifted1 teaspoon vanilla 1. boil the water in a medium saucepan (i used the water from the yams). 2. add the balls to the boiling water and boil for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. 3. turn off heat and let the balls steep in the water for another 30 minutes. 4. transfer balls to a sieve and rinse with cool water to remove starch. transfer to a bowl and cover with cold water until ready to use.5. beat butter in an electric mixer until soft.6. add 3 cups of the sifted sugar and beat until combined.7. drain tapioca balls and measure out 1/2 cup. fold into the frosting.8. add remaining sugar, 1 cup at a time, stirring until combined.note: this frosting was very soft and almost looked a little curdled. it definitely has a not so pretty texture, but it tasted fine. the tapioca balls are a novelty and perhaps not necessary. there is the added interest of the chewy texture, but i am not sure it’s worth the sacrifice in the visual appeal. if you are looking for something picture perfect, definitely skip this recipe. it needs work. tapioca ballsassemble1. pipe frosting onto cooled cupcakes.2. crush about a 1/3 cup of unsalted peanuts with about a teaspoon of salt. sprinkle over cupcakes.

posted by chockylit | 9:05 pm
       |
         32 

comments
 




monday, may 29, 2006



                      	 
                      	 chocolate chai spice cupcake
	                       
                          

i must admit... i almost felt like i was cheating with this recipe. i used my current favorite chocolate recipe and added a few teaspoons of ground up spices - that was it! but while the approach was straight forward, the result was great. the spices shown through the flavor of the chocolate just enough to add complexity and interest to the experience. the moist chocolatey goodness of the cake can live on its own, but ultimately, the frosting is what makes it a cupcake and the simple chai spice buttercream was a great addition. not too overwhelming, but enhancing the flavor all the more. (i added a bit extra minced fresh ginger which was a nice touch.) just goes to show you... with a great base recipe and a rummage through the spice rack or pantry, anyone can come up with an interesting and tasty concoction. days later, my husband is still talking about them and they seemed to be a hit at the art opening i made them for.chai spice mix 2 teaspoons fennel, whole2 teaspoons cloves, whole1 tablespoon cardamom, ground2 teaspoons cinnamon, ground2 teaspoons ginger, ground1. with a small food processor, grind up the whole fennel and cloves.2. transfer to a small bowl and add remaining spices. mix to combine. chai spice mixchocolate chai spice cupcakes24 regular cupcakes / 350 degree oven 200 gram bar of valrhona 61% cacao3 sticks butter2-1/4 cups sugar8 eggs1-1/4 cup flour1/4 cup cocoa powder, unsweetened1-1/2 teaspoons baking powder3 teaspoons chai spice mixpinch of salt1. chop chocolate and transfer into the bowl of a standing mixer.2. add butter to the chocolate and place the bowl over a pan of simmering water. stir until chocolate melts and butter is combined.3. remove from heat and stir in sugar. let mixture cool for 10 minutes.4. beat in an electric mixer for 3 minutes.5. add one egg at a time, mixing for 30 seconds between each6. sift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, chai spice mix, and a pinch of salt into the mixture and mix until blended.7. scoop into cupcake cups and bake at 350 f for 25 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.cooling cupcakechai spice buttercream frosting1 cup (2 sticks) butter4-5 cups powdered sugar, sifted1/4 cup milk2 teaspoons chai spice mix2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger1. beat butter until creamy, scrape bowl.2. add 4 cups of sifted powdered sugar, milk, spice mix, and ginger. beat until combined.3. add more powdered sugar as needed to get piping consistency. note: everyone's personal preferences differ. with frosting, the flavor is up to you. if you are unsure of how much of a chai flavor you want, start light on the spices and add a teaspoon at a time until you get to a flavor you like. same goes for the sugar. it's a matter of taste and what consistency you want to work with. experiment until you get at what works for you.assemble1. frost the cooled cupcakes.assembled cupcakes

posted by chockylit | 2:47 pm
       |
         44 

comments
 




saturday, may 13, 2006



                      	 
                      	 pistachio cupcakes with rose petal buttercream
	                       
                          

i made an impromptu decision on a thursday afternoon to make cupcakes for a party on friday afternoon. i knew i wanted to make pistachio cupcakes, my homage to indian sweets. i didn't have a lot of time or options, so i ran out at lunch to the ferry building, conveniently located across the street from work. i managed to find some pistachio cream (at $19.99 for 8 ounces! ouch!) at the village market and rose petal jelly and small, edible rose buds at boulettes larder.i decided on a chiffon style cake this time around. i want to make an important point outright. this is a far trickier method than the creaming method that i use for most of the recipes in the blog. many things can always go wrong in baking; this is even truer with this style of cake. it shouldn't stop you from trying, but if there is one thing i learned from the professionals that i took classes with, the key is being able to work with whatever the outcome is. in this case, i made quite a bit of batter. as such, my oven was packed with cupcakes and they were baking unevenly. did i risk opening the oven to shift them around? opening an oven too early in the process can cause a draft and result in fallen cupcakes. or did i leave them be and deal with some cupcakes being over done? in the end, i waited until about halfway through the baking time, then opened the oven and shifted the cupcakes around. in the end, i would say about 8 of the 36 cupcakes fell. i used the good ones for the party and covered the others with a bit of frosting and saved them for the family. the pistachio cake was an experiment. i was happy with the outcome. despite the baking issues i had, the cake was tasty, and in my opinion very pistachio-y. it was light and airy, just like chiffon should be. i went light on the frosting so it wouldn't overpower the cake. i didn't get much of a rose flavor from the jelly, but the color was nice and i could definitely smell roses (most likely from the buds). if i had planned ahead, i would have order some rose water or syrup to help liven the frosting some.pistachio cupcakes36 regular cupcakes / 350 degree oven 2-3/4 cups cake flour1-1/4 cups sugar1 teaspoon salt3 teaspoons baking powder1/2 cup grape seed oil (or vegetable oil)8 egg yolks (approximately 6 ounces)1/2 cup water4 ounces pistachio cream (approximately 1/3 cup)10 egg whites (approximately 10 ounces)3/4 cup sugar1/2 teaspoon cream of tarter1. sift flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder into the bowl of a standing mixer.2. in a medium bowl, combine oil, egg yolks, water, and pistachio cream. stir to combine.3. on a low setting, start to beat the dry mixture and slowly add the wet. increase the mixer speed to high and beat until pistachio cream is incorporated. 4. transfer mixture to another bowl. wash and dry mixer bowl.5. whip egg whites with whip attachment on medium-high speed until foamy. with the mixer on medium speed, add cream of tarter and slowly add sugar. beat on high speed until stiff peaks form. 6. scoop a cupful of the stiff egg whites into the batter and stir to combine. this should lighten up the batter.7. transfer the egg whites to the batter and gently fold until there are no more streaks of egg white.8. scoop into cupcake cups and bake at 350 f for 22-25 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.tip: cake flour is a must for chiffon. all-purpose won't give you the same delicate texture. pistachio creamrose petal buttercream frosting 1 cup (2 sticks) butter4-5 cups powdered sugar, sifted1/2 cup rose petal jelly1. beat butter until creamy, scrape bowl.2. add 3-4 cups of sifted powdered sugar and jelly, beat until combined.3. add more powdered sugar as needed to get to whatever consistency/sweetness you wish to acheive.rose petal jellyassemble1. frost cooled cupcakes lightly with buttercream.2. for pistachio garnish, grind up pistachios in a small food processor. take up some of the ground nuts into your hand and press the edges of the frosted cupcake into the mixture. 3. otherwise top with edible rose bud or edible rose petal.

posted by chockylit | 9:35 am
       |
         26 

comments
 




saturday, may 06, 2006



                      	 
                      	 vietnamese coffee cupcakes
	                       
                          

i have been thinking about making a vietnamese coffee cupcake for a while - really since way back, when i worked on the thai iced tea cupcake. when it comes to coffee flavored cakes, what one typically finds are mocha type concoctions (coffee and chocolate) or tiramisu type desserts (sponge or lady fingers doused in coffee). i haven't found many examples of coffee-flavored cake batter outside of these two options. in lieu of an existing recipe, my approach would be simple - substitute strong brewed coffee for the liquid in a basic cake batter.and that got me wondering... what cake batter?  if you've ever taken any baking classes or read any professional baking books, you know that there are basic methods of preparing cakes including the sponge method, creaming method, two-stage method and a bunch of others. my favorite method is the creaming method which is used for many american-style baked goods. you cream the butter and sugar, add eggs, then alternate dry and wet ingredients. the result is a heavy mixture and relatively dense cake. the two stage method involves separating the eggs, following the same basic steps as with the creaming (with the exception that only egg yolks are added), then whipping egg whites to soft peaks and folding in to the batter. the result is something somewhat lighter. the classic sponge method requires heating and mixing the eggs and sugar over a water bath until it is light and fluffy. then folding in dry ingredients and sometimes melted butter. which of these (or any of the other) methods will translate to the dense, rich, moist, coffee flavored cake base i was looking for? i decided that the basic creaming method would result in a batter that had the bones to support the rich coffee flavor. the resulting cake was great - great texture and moistness, but even better, a super intense, coffee flavor - exactly what i was looking for. i made a sweetened condensed milk pudding to fill the cupcakes and decided to top them with lightly sweetened whipped cream. i haven't tasted the end product (just all the components), so i will need to report on that tomorrow.vn coffee cupcakes24 regular cupcakes / 350 degree oven 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature2 cups sugar4 large eggs, room temperature2-3/4 cups all-purpose flour1-1/2 teaspoons baking powder1/8 teaspoon salt3/4 cup strong brewed vietnamese coffee1/4 cup milk1 teaspoon coffee grounds1. beat butter on high until soft, about 30 seconds.2. add sugar. beat on medium-high until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.3. add eggs one at a time, beat for 30 seconds between each.4. whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. 5. measure out coffee and milk together.6. add about a fourth of the flour to the butter/sugar mixture and beat to combine.7. add about one third the coffee/milk mixture and beat until combined.8. repeat above, alternating flour and coffee and ending with the flour mixture.9. fold in the teaspoon of coffee grounds.10. scoop into cupcake papers about half to three-quarters full (depending on whether you want flat or domed cupcakes. note that these cupcakes will shrink slightly when they cool).11. bake for 22-25 minutes until a cake tester comes out clean.tip: be careful when adding the coffee/milk mixture to the batter. if you add it too quickly the mixture will look curdled. add small amounts and beat well to incorporate.cupcake ready for bakingbaked cupcakesweetened condensed milk pudding2 teaspoons gelatin3/4 cup sweetened condensed milk1. sprinkle the gelatin over a 1/4 cup of water and let sit for 5 minutes.2. in a small pan over medium heat, heat the sweetened condensed milk until warm.3. add the gelatin and stir over heat until the gelatin melts.4. transfer mixture to a bowl set over a pan of ice water. stir constantly until the mixture thickens. it will get very thick and might clump if you stop stirring. stirring over ice bathwhipped cream1 cup heavy cream2 tablespoons sugar1. whisk cream on high speed until soft peaks form.2. add sugar (more or less depending on your taste) and whip until thick.cupcakes ready for fillingassemble1. using a small pairing knife, cut off the top of the cupcake in the shape of a cone. flip the top over and cut off the cone.2. fill the cavity with a teaspoon or so of sweetened condensed milk pudding.3. replace top.4. top with swirls or dollops of lightly sweetened whipped cream.5. dust with finely ground coffee.assemblymaking vietnamese coffeevietnamese coffee is made with special grounds that contain coffee and chicory and using a special filter. it is brewed resting on a glass filled with an inch or so of sweetened condensed milk. the result is strong, rich, creamy, and sweet. i prefer mine iced. the melting ice lightens up the drink a bit. get your filter readyadd groundsreplace filterscrew on tight for strong coffeefill with water and wait!

posted by chockylit | 11:38 pm
       |
         32 

comments
 











browse recipes
cupcake questions





accidental hedonist
all cupcakes
anne's food
baking sheet
brownie points
camilla engman
chez pim 
chocolate & zucchini
chubby hubby
coconut & lime
cookies, cupcakes, and more
cookie madness
cooking for engineers
delicious days 
dessert first
domestic goddess 
don't mess with the cupcake
dooce
eggbeater
erin's kitchen
52 cupcakes
fluid pudding 
(the) food blog blog
fussy 
gastronomie
gluten-free girl
go fug yourself
good stuff
greedy goose
kung foodie
kalyn's kitchen
lick the spoon
lovescool
nordljus 
not martha
101 cookbooks
simply recipes 
smitten kitchen 
the girl who ate everything
the kitchen
the scent of green bananas
trembom 
whiskie bits  (not a blog, but she sells cupcakes!)





 
		  		











 


