





sewing machines and sewing machine service and repair



















skip navigation
website accessibility





     like and follow!




 
view cart/checkout





  








richland sewing center
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  sewing machine sales and service for over 40 years












toggle navigation
						☰ menu
					





home
about us

about usour staffrepairs and serviceshh, its secret


machines

machine brands informationhusqvarna vikingbrotherjanomepfaffpreviously loved


products

products carriedfurnituresoftwarefabricsetc.


classes/events

calendarclass listingspecial events


buy designs

buy designs

gallerycontact us
































previous



next







we are now a proud premier dealer for arrow and kangaroo sewing cabinets! we will be updating ourfurniture page often with new products and promotions so check back regularly!we are still happy to provide curbside service for anyone that does not want to come inside, just call 817-590-4447 when you arrive,
and we will come out to help you. please, everyone be patient and we will work our hardest to get everyone taken care of quickly!our store hours are currently open from 9:30 a.m.- 5:00 p.m., monday thru saturday and closed on sundays. call now with any questions!817-590-4447





sew luxury awaits...click here for more on this new top of the line from brother, the aveneer ev1!





where should you buy a new sewing or embroidery machine?
are you ready for a new sewing machine? are you interested in an embroidery machine? where do you buy a new sewing machine? right here!! we are the longest running sewing machine store in the dallas-fort worth metroplex. we carry a full line of machines, including sewing machines, embroidery machines, long arm quilters, mid arm quilters, sergers, and specialty machines. we also carry quilting frames, fabrics, machine accessories, notions, embroidery designs, repair parts, and more. this is the location of our in-store service department, so your sewing machine never leaves our store to get fixed. we are the #1 tarrant county dealer for brother, husqvarna viking, pfaff, and janome, and we also service handiquilter machines at this location. nearly all new sewing machines purchased here come with free one on one instruction to get you familiar with your new friend, as well as a free cleaning within the 1st year after your purchase date!  we have devoted a large portion of our website to make it easy for you to research and learn about whatever sewing machine you are hunting for. we hope to bring back our ability to sign up for classes and make purchases on the web site soon, but in the meantime if you see a class you are interested in you can call to sign up over the phone, 817-590-4447. all of our classes are listed on our calendar page, and if you click on a class it will give you more information about the class and will have a class supply list within 2 weeks of the class date in most cases. you can always call us with any questions, or you can click on the contact us tab in the main menu bar and it will send us an email that we try to answer right away. 





click to join our e-list!
the quickest and easiest way to keep up with what we have going on is to sign up for our email. we average 1 email a week; with class information, specials, events, and coupons. click the link to add your preferred email to our constant contact list.





below is a quick link image to all of "our specials", including promotions run by the different companies, but we also like to have a spot here on the home page to tell you when there is something new that we don't want you to miss. this week that special is:also, be sure to click on the closeouts and floor models sale link for an updated list of machines at great blowout prices! our semi-annual floor model sale has begun and the list is extensive with up to 53% off new machines!







ourmachines




ourspecials




classes & events







the incredible top of the line sewing and embroidery combo, the continental m17, from janome is here! click here for more details





now in stock from husqvarna viking: the designer epic 3!come see it today!
get ready to create like never before. our latest embroidery machine brings you industry-leading features that give you more freedom and flexibility with every project.
click here for more details...






learn about the greatest pfaff sewing and embroidery machine...the pfaff creative icon 2!!call for more information, or come in and try it out!
















information

about us
shipping info

hours:   mon-fri  9:30-5:00                 sat   9:30-5:00                 sun  closed

address

850 w pipeline rd
hurst, tx 76053



contact us


phone: 817-590-4447
richlandsewingcenter@gmail.com



authorized dealer

brother
viking
janome
pfaff








home   |   about us   |   machines   |   products   |   classes/events   |   buy designs   |   gallery   |   contact us   |   site map






		copyright © 2007-2025 - richland sewing center
website design by like sew






























