




  


small world pediatric dentistry p.c. | pediatric dentist oklahoma city ok



























(405) 946-0686



book now!























homeguthrie's teammeet dr. guthriewhat sets us apartfor new patientsoffice visitspatient formsoffice policiespediatric dental faqsoffice touroffice brochurepreventive dentistrypreventive caredental exams and cleaningsfluorideteeth for lifethumb suckingnutrition and oral healthnitrous oxideabout pediatric dentistrydental care for your babypediatric dentistrycommon procedurespediatric dental emergenciesthe importance of baby teethsedation dentistryspecial needs dentistrywhy choose a pediatric dentistcontact usoffice locationappointment requestrefer a friend









 

creating happy,
      healthy smiles
      one child at a time







                patientforms
            




                appointmentrequest
            




                findus
            




                funstuff
            




















meet dr. guthrie

	dr. guthrie is excited to help little smiles grow up to be big, healthy ones! he offers gentle pediatric dentistry in 	an environment that is fun, exciting, and where kids love to visit!
      
learn more!
























dr. andrew guthrie and team provide quality children’s dentistry in a friendly and family-oriented atmosphere. we make sure every child is at ease, as they learn it's fun to take care of their smile!
small world pediatric dentistry sees infants, children, teens, and youth with special needs, offering:

dental exams, cleanings, fluoride, and preventive care
extractions, children’s root canals, and restorations
nitrous oxide (laughing gas) and sedation options for anxiety-free procedures
care for children’s dental emergencies

ours is a kid-friendly and welcoming office, where we work with parents to develop their child’s dental care plan. each visit is tailored to the little one: personalized treatment, delivered with patience, kindness, and warmth, sets children on the path to a lifetime of happy and healthy smiles!
our oklahoma city pediatric dental office serves edmond, norman, and surrounding communities. we look forward to showing your children that caring for their oral health is fun! please schedule a visit, today!






how can we help you?



what is a good time for my childs first visit?



why choose us?



do you offer special needs considerations?



what is the first visit to the office like?








3616 nw 50th stoklahoma city, ok 73112

(405) 946-0686

get started!



 powered by birdeye







website powered by sesame 24-7™

•
site map
















