


rocktoons.com – the best uk blog for casino news and information












































menu












home
contacts
 

















 



 





why is graphic design so important in casino softwares

keira walsh
june 15, 2020
 0 comment 





if you are reading all our articles on online casinos, you will know how every detail of which is made up of a slot machine is important for is fundamental on the overall. we told you how the best gambling providers search for the perfect music to let you play and bet without getting tired of the slot machine.
well, you won’t be surprised to know that even the graphic design is planned down to the last detail in order to let you always feel comfortable and satisfied. if you read our last article, you will also know how the choice for the music is not limited to a good soundtrack, like the ones you hear in elevators. online gambling providers need to find the perfect music for you to abstract. it is the only way to let you keep betting without realizing how fast time goes by.
it is the exact same thing for graphic design. providers can’t just offer you a good background or brilliant colours. they have to design the perfect layout that will make you abstract, and that will let you deepen only in what you are doing right now: betting, betting and betting. how do they know how to entertain your sight so much? keep reading to understand everything!
how do they entertain your sight
of course, online gambling providers need to find always different themes, to let you live each time a different experience. the first things that providers study are the trending themes. is there a famous tv series that is blowing up through hashtag on social media? is there any important colossal movie anniversary? if the answer is yes, then there will probably be at least one casino provider that is trying to buy the rights of that movie to let it become a slot machine. it is very easy. if the tv series or similar become very famous, then all the aficionados will want to live that story on the reel-set.
do you need an example? la casa de papel, the hugely popular netflix drama became a slot machine produced by skywind group in 2020. do you think that the slot game will earn fame thanks to its return to player higher than 96%? maybe yes, but all those money heist aficionados will surely be part of its fame.
choosing a trendy topic is one important thing. what does it happen if you choose a trendy theme, but you don’t take care of the design part? everyone will get tired after a few spins.
the keywords when we are talking about a successful casino software are: attractive facades, engaging interactivity and flashing lights.
maybe you think that these features can only satisfy a baby. you are old enough for being deceived this easy… or not? 
a psychological study behind slot machine design
if you want to deepen in this subject to understand how flashing lights can easily push you betting a little more, we suggest you read this interesting article that you can find here. design indaba is an authority in design world, so you know that behind their articles there are real studies. the editor writes that almost 50 years ago in the usa, a professor did an experiment with pigeons: he put them in a box where they could receive food as a reward after pressing on a lever. in the first part, pigeons used to push the lever continuously for obtaining their reward. then the professor noticed how the birds would keep the attention on the lever if the prize were released less often.
in the same way, while you are playing to casino games, you will be rarely rewarded with flashing lights and brilliant colour. but those times will push you playing a little more. 





the transition between land-based casinos and online gambling

keira walsh
june 4, 2020
 0 comment 





let’s experiment. let you try to walk in the shoes of any gambler at the end of the xx century. it seems a long time ago, while we are only talking about 20 years ago. so, you are a gambler and you like going to land-based casinos for betting your money on blackjack, poker, or maybe some of those multicoloured slot machines.
between 1994 and 1996, thanks to the free trade and processing act, casinos from antigua and barbuda start offering their services on the world wide web. we have to wait until 1998 to see the first platforms related to online poker on the internet.
why would you give up with your land-based casinos, full of those poker tables, slot cabinets and a lot of wonderful entertainments, to choose a new way of betting? so let’s talk about this new way of betting. in the beginning, the network was not as powerful as nowadays, so you may have to wait for some minutes to know if you win or lose a game. people used to bet looking their dealer in the eyes, feeling the green felt under the fingers. then they had to bet their money watching a screen, with no idea on who was on the other side of the computer.
let’s say, moreover, that “old habits die hard”.
why would online gambling grow up so much in order to overcome land-based casinos?
a lot of advertisements and commercials, we think. the truth is that we don’t know, but it happened. let’s try to discover the reasons together. keep reading!
once upon a time, land-based casinos
land-based casinos were born during the xix century, but it was nothing new. blackjack is something like 200 years older than the first land-based casino, while sports betting go back to the roman empire. we are talking about thousands of years of live betting.
what were the advantages of land-based casinos? surely, being able to look directly in the eyes of the dealer, being able to understand the next move of someone by looking in his eyes. a good way to escape from your everyday life entering in a land of toys, full of lights, spectacular music and a lot more.
on the other hand, gamblers had to drive to the nearest casino. it was pride that not so many towns could claim. gamblers had to find some free time in order to bet their money.
what did you do if someone told you that you no longer had to waste your time driving for entertaining yourself with casino games?
what did you do, as a gambler of the xix century, if someone told you that you can bet your money on poker, blackjack, slot machines, everything you want, without going out of your house?
the advantages of relying on online casinos
the answer is very easy. you would have accepted it.
gamblers from all around the world accepted it because online gambling has a lot of advantages. it used to have also disadvantages 20 years ago. now they are almost completely disappeared.
today gambling is always on hand, so it also became a way to constantly earn money, nothing so different than trading online. do you find hard seeing online gambling in this way? there are many facts and studies that prove this. the eu online gambling market is now growing at about 10% per year, as shown in the research of the european gaming and betting association.the whole online gambling market is expected to grow to usd 127.3 billion by 2027, acctually a raise of 11.5% from 2020 to 2027. 
a new frontier – mobile gambling
it seems that from 1850, to the last decade on xx century nothing changed about online gambling. it is incredible thinking about how in only 20 years, everything has changed. we went from going into land-based casinos for betting to play casino games while sitting on the couch in our own house. now there is something new! mobile gambling is invading the market and it is the latest frontier on casinos software world.
after all, you always bring with you your smartphone. are you ready to start betting wherever and whenever you are, or you are going? 





how playtech casino software use music to improve their games

keira walsh
may 26, 2020
 0 comment 





every once in a while, everyone has to choose a new slot machine (or generally speaking casino game) to have fun and enjoy some online gambling entertainment.
it is a complex choice for those who have more experience in the sector, but why is it like that? that is because there are a lot of aspects that need to be valued to understand if a slot  is a right fit for you: you will need to know the rtp (return to player), that should be very high, the number of paylines, the volatility and the maximum payout.
let’s say that you found the perfect slot game: a very high rtp, a lot of paylines and a maximum payout over 100,000x. what can go wrong?
very simple. you can get tired of that slot.
the most important thing for winning big prizes in slots is never to become exhausted of them because you have to understand all those tips that identify the different slots. if you get tired of a slot after less than twenty spins, you will never be able to deepen in the knowledge of that specific slot, and you will just lose all your money.
what are the real important aspects that you should study in a slot machine? keep reading to know them! 
the most important aspect of a slot enterntainment
rtp, the number of paylines and maximum payout are obviously important features for defining a good slot. what are, however, the most important ones?
the first one is the design. if there is a slot theme with a pink design, unicorns and fairies that is very profitable but you are a boy, it will not be the right choice for you. the first thing you have to keep in mind, so, is that you need to choose theme and design more to your liking.
however, there is one thing that is even more important than design, and we are talking about music, the soundtrack. a lot of famous providers do not give the right value to this game’s aspect. for this reason, we always play slots with obscene music, and we end up muting the game. the experts know how sad it is to play on a muted slot machine. 
the english provider playtech, born in 1999, during the years has been studying the importance of music and design in every slot. today we can say that their choices for music truly improve their casino games. maybe this is the reason that playtech is considered one of the leading software developer in online gambling matter. follow the link for playtech casino software if you want to know everything about the story behind this famous gambling provider.
but how does the music improve something so pragmatic as a slot?  
why is the music so important for playtech?
playtech’s online software experts think that music is one of the most important aspects of every slot brand. thanks to an enticing soundtrack, in fact, you can play to a casino games for a long time without getting tired. this is because a deep song is able to transport you to another dimension, that is the abstract one. while you are listening to a wonderful soundtrack, you will be able, moreover, to let your mind wander, to let yourself thinking of positive ideas.
after having led this important study, top playtech software developersdecided to create a perfect mix of beautiful design and wonderful music, soundtracks and in-game sounds.
for what it’s worth, we can say that they reached their purpose with the release of different slot brands. if you want some examples because you got tired of all those slots with unlistenable soundtracks that always make you click on the mute button, keep reading!
the best playtech software – how to understand the importance of music
the first slot we should talk to you about is the jazz club, obviously produced by playtech. what is the best opportunity to show your interest in proposing good soundtracks? surely a music-themed slot game.
if you are in love with jazz, the music style that used to fill the air in the most famous clubs in london, new york and berlin during the 1920s, then you need to try this slot. we don’t want to dwell any longer about the slot’s technical features. the wonderful thing is that for each spin in the jazz club, you will start listening to a brief musical interlude, played by piano, trumpets, drums and saxophone. in this way, every spin will be better than the last one!
another example is epic ape. this time the theme is not on music, but about apes. the landscape behind the reels offers a glimpse of the dense jungle. during your spin you will listen to tribal music , played by drumming, that increases at every win until it will become an enticing soundtrack.
you have to trust us: play some of the playtech gaming software brands and you will be involved in a fantastic experience. just try them out!





music and mental health – how do these two combine?

keira walsh
july 24, 2019
 0 comment 





hey there! you’re probably wondering why so serious with this topic? we think that it is important to spread awareness for such important issues that people usually try to avoid and what better way to do that than with an article, dedicated to the connection between music and health. don’t worry, we won’t make it too serious – we would like to share some interesting facts on how music can affect your mental health in specific scenarios and how this interesting ‘couple’ performs in casinos. confused? keep on reading!

your brain is alive with the sound of music
maybe not the best title, but we hope you get the idea. as the old saying goes, music is universal. music unites people from all around the world – a few simple words with an accompanying melody can change minds and help people remember, love, forgive. as a lot of you may know, music has healing powers and can help people who struggle with mental health problems like demetia, alzheimer, depression, panic attacks and more. it can also help you detox your mind and spirit, which is why music is an inseparable part of yoga, meditation and other spiritual practices. if you look in the dictionary, you would most probably stumble upon this or a similar definition of music:
‘vocal or instrumental sounds (or both) combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form, harmony and expression of emotion.’
but music can also really mess with your intentions and emotions. so, how does music affect players at the casino? let’s see.
musical therapy
we started serious, moved away for a second, and we’re back at it again. as music can motivate you to play more at the casino and enjoy your time at the facility, music can also help you deal with some mental health issues. when someone is healing a person through music and poetry, he/she is practicing a relatively new type of therapy – musical therapy.
musical therapy is a real thing and it is gaining popularity slowly but truly around the world as a common practice to help people who struggle with mental illnesses. musical therapy has the goal to let people express themselves through sounds via instruments like small drums, a guitar or even a piano and to help them deal with their problem. you could go to sessions alone or in a group, depending on how the therapist works and on how you would feel more comfortable. musical therapy may not eliminate the problem, but it could help clients accept it and reflect upon it easier.   
conclusion – bring awareness
a lot of you may be skeptical and maybe think that depression and anxiety are not real health conditions and that people overreact. we would like to bring awareness and share that this is real and that everyone should be more open about the topic. if you or a friend of yours struggle with some kind of mental health problem, don’t be afraid to seek help and try musical therapy sessions.
thank you for reading our blog post! we hope you’ve learned something new and interesting when it comes to music and how it could affect your mind, whether you’re at the casino, in a therapy session or even at home while cleaning. music is all around us as long as you can hear it and understand it.
would you like to read more articles like this? share on our social media what would you like us to talk about in our next post! we would like to dedicate more blog posts to mental health and bring awareness.
until next time!





the psychology behind music in casinos

keira walsh
september 16, 2018
 0 comment 




as the old saying goes, music is universal. it spans the breadth of language and culture and can join unknown people together into a form of brotherhood. music has also been said to be the language of the soul, as it engages the senses bringing you to a sense of awe, amazement, and sometimes even clarity on a particular situation in life. therefore, music is a universal language, one which we all understand.
there is a whole school of thought dedicated to the effects of music on people, with some highlighting its therapeutic effects. however, in this blog post, we want to focus on something a little bit different, and that is the use of music and the psychology behind music in casinos. you’ve all been to land-based and online casinos and you’ll certainly have picked out that every slot machine makes its own sounds, however, what you might not have noticed is that the casinos have carefully picked out a select style of music to achieve several goals. for example, the psychology behind music in casinos and the marketing strategies employed are very specific. their aim is twofold: they either want to make you feel relaxed enough to continue parting with your money, or excited and energetic enough so that parting with your cash is done in an environment that makes you feel comfortable doing so.
don’t be fooled. the music strategy used in casinos is very specific. you might have noticed certain music in elevators, shopping malls, and doctors’ rooms. each of these has a specific strategy behind it. their purpose can range from either calming you down as you wait for your turn to arrive or pumping you up so that you rush to get something done. the same is true for casinos, which employ very specific strategies to ensure you’re as comfortable as possible when playing.
so what type of music will you hear at a casino? although you might be familiar with lady gaga’s poker face or kenny rogers’ the gambler, casinos traditionally stay away from these types of pop songs and there is a very specific reason for that. the reason is that they want to create an atmosphere in which you’re nearly hypnotized – namely, that you are as calm and undisturbed as possible when playing.
the type of music that correlates with this feeling is called muzak, a soft instrumental genre of music often heard in elevators and grocery stores. in some cases, the muzak will feature songs from the current top 40, while in others, the songs will be of a more generic variety. the main purpose isn’t in the music itself, but in the feelings it instils in the listener. the idea is not that you will spend more money by listening to soft and imperceptible music, but that the relaxation effect encourages you to stick around for longer. this is important for any casino, as the house edge shifts things into their favour the longer you play. muzak is usually heard in casinos during the daytime.

on the other hand, at night, things change up a little bit with casinos often opting for more rock- and pop-related songs that drive up and create a sense of excitement. this sense of excitement is associated with a feeling of fun and you therefore don’t think twice about the cash you’re spending, again helping the casinos change the house edge in their favour.
whether you like muzak or not, you’re bound to hear it in a casino as it tries to engage all your senses and provide an atmosphere of fun and excitement for you to play in. moreover, the visual effects of hypnotic carpeting, the bright and vivid lights, and the sounds of slot machines and sometimes even jackpots being won are truly what make a casino experience what it is. so, the final lesson to be learnt from this? don’t underestimate the importance of music.





welcome to rocktoons.com for all your need to know about casinos

keira walsh
september 6, 2018
 0 comment 




apart from the sounds made by the reels spinning on slot machines, the sound of a ball spinning around the roulette, or the sound of a dealer dishing out a deck of freshly-shuffled cards, what other sounds can be heard at a land-based casino? well, we’ve done our research and want to give you more information on this topic. but that’s not all. we’d also like to welcome you to our very own casino-related blog in which you’ll get an overview of all-things casino related. why? simply because we love gambling and we know you do, too.  
so as an introduction, we’d like to take this opportunity to welcome you to rocktoons.com, where you’ll not only find out about the links between music and casinos, but you’ll also find out about how to pick a credible online operator, what makes the mobile version of a casino game versatile, and how to take advantage of the live dealer tables. yes, we’ll cover all topics casino related and we invite you on this journey with us as we hop on from topic to topic, covering all the hottest news in the casino sphere.  
however, our blog won’t just be a one-way street where we feed you with information with you as a passive observer. you’ll also get the opportunity to participate by joining in the discussion, posting your comments and sharing your thoughts, as well as helping us give you the best possible content that we can by suggesting ideas to us. we’d be very happy to hear your views and opinions and we encourage you to write to us by clicking on the contact us tab on the home page.  
and now, with all introductions aside, we’d like to introduce you to our very first blog post about casinos and music. stay with us to find out what the psychology behind the choice of music in casinos. 



 











recent posts


why is graphic design so important in casino softwares


the transition between land-based casinos and online gambling


how playtech casino software use music to improve their games


music and mental health – how do these two combine?


the psychology behind music in casinos


archives

june 2020
may 2020
july 2019
september 2018

categories

casino

gambling

money

poker

roulette

slots



 




















            
            2025 copyright | rocktoons.com



