


the vintage radio place, old time radio programs






the vintage radio place












hi !

i'd like to take a minute to introduce myself and give you a little background leading up to the formation of this site.

my name is jerry haendiges.  i became re-interested in old radio programs in the late 1960's after listening to a "inner sanctum mysteries" program included as part of a new program talking about sound effects during the golden days of radio.  this brought up instant visions and memories of days gone by when as a young boy i was under my covers at 10:15 pm (way past my bed time) listening to broadcasts of "i love a mystery" aired on radio station khj in los angeles.  i had rigged up a table radio with an old telephone receiver and had put masking tape around all of the openings in the radio, so that the light emanating from the tubes could not be seen by my parents.  there i was ... immediately immersed in adventure with jack, doc and reggie again.  boy! what memories!

i began checking out the local radio stations to see if they might, per chance, have any of these programs left ... they did.  and so my collection began.  i got ahold of an old thorens 16" turntable and started recording on an old revere recorder my dad bought in 1948.  as a side-note, i just recently discovered some of the old tapes i had recorded back in 1950 while going through my dad's things shortly after his death.  it didn't take long to realize this was going to be more than just a passing fancy and so i went out and purchased some high quality recording equipment.  the highest sound quality i could obtain became a priority and obsession.

after i had built up a collection of several hundred programs, i felt everyone should have the opportunity to enjoy these shows as much as i was.  i approached some local radio stations with an old-radio format in mind.  much to my surprise, they were very much interested in the idea.

in the early 1970's, i began programming for several local stations including kpfk, kcrw, kcsn and kpbs.  at first i worked strictly behind the scenes doing the programming and engineering.  later i was asked to step in as the host, announcer and narrator.  i found i had a strong bond with my radio audience.  i continued for about 10 years, syndicating the program around the country, until the business pressures of my company forced me to stop.

in 1973, i was approached by a wonderful gentleman jim coontz about starting an organization dedicated to preserving old radio forever.  jim, kevin stern (who was announcing one of my shows at the time), and i formed an organization called sperdvac (the society to preserve and encourage radio drama variety).  many of you are members of this organization.  it has grown way beyond the visions of it's three founders.  if interested in joining click on the sperdvac link or call 562-947-9800.



acknowledgments 

there have been a great many friends i've met over the years who have helped me in this venture.  there are way too many to list here, but i would like to mention a few of my "special friends"

i've already mentioned jim coontz, but i want to again thank him for all of his fine work on behalf the hobby.   tom elkins and i have had many good times in the past and he is responsible for uncovering many excellent sources for me along with being a very close friend.  glen mueller put in countless hours listening to my shows and giving me descriptions of them and correcting incorrect information.   the late roy hooper for discovering some really rare shows. ken greenwald for providing what i consider the finest dubbing talent in the world.   chris lembesis for his extensive knowledge of radio and help in dubbing programs.   

now for some very special friends ...

randy eidemiller has been a very good and close friend for many years.   randy's vast knowledge and expertise in science fiction has helped me out on many occasions.  i remember one time especially in 1976 when i interviewed ray bradbury.  i took randy with me and he was able to give me great insight on ray's works where i was quite weak.

last, but far from least, john gassman and larry gassman.  john and larry are twins who have been blind from birth.  not only have they not allowed their blindness to be a handicap, i have one heck-of-a-time trying to keep up with them.  they are my closest and dearest friends in the hobby.  we became friends well over 20 years ago and have remained such ever since.  we see each other every week and sometimes several times a week.  this is facilitated by the fact that they live quite close to me.  i am continually amazed at their knowledge ... virtually all of which is committed to memory (heck, i have a hard time remembering what some one said to me 10 minutes ago).  they have been hosting the best anthology show on the air for many years. the show airs sundays on  kpcc (pasadena) from 5:00 - 7:00 pm called: same time, same station.  it makes me feel good to know that when i gave up my programming, it would fall into such capable hands.  please visit john and larry at their  home page.




 chuckle of the week! 









otr fanciful marriages:


if hedda hopper had married titus moody, divorced him and then married
dennis day, she'd be hedda moody day.

if mary noble had left hubby, larry, and next married doc savage, she
then would be mary noble savage.

if lonesome gal had gotten outsdoorsman mark trail to the altar, she
would become lonesome trail.

if madamme queen had left her amos 'n andy circle of associates and
married, in succession, sky king and goodman ace, she could call herself
madamme queen  king ace.

if gracie allen had, instead of marrying george burns, married his
rival, fred allen,then divorced him and married mel allen, she'd be gracie
allen allen allen.

if ilka chase had married otr band leader al katz, she'd call herself
ilka chase katz.

if ann sothern had married, in succession, perry mason, artells dickson,
and peter lyon, she would then be ann sothern mason dickson lyon..

if margo lane had abandoned lamont cranston/the shadow and walked as a
bride into the chapel with detective charlie wild, she'd come out as margo
wild.

if vera vague had first married little jack little and later married bob
hope, she would sign her name "vera little hope."

if young widder brown had married again, this time to ezra stone, she
would be young widder brown stone.

if candy matson had broken her engagement with lt. ray mallard and
instead chose detective martin kane for her husband, she'd be candy kane.






created by my good friend jack french.
if you like what you see, why don't let jack know.  just click on his picture.


added by ray healy, heals@warwick.net, on septemnber 1st, 1998


if ella fitzgerald had married darth vadar, she'd have been ella vadar!!




and this one created by dick lupoff, bigkids@aol.com, on septemnber 2nd, 1998


if nina simone married harold pinter, and he then died, and she next married
mongo santamaria, she'd be nina pinter santamaria.



and this one created by terry smith, terrymarc@aol.com, on septemnber 22nd, 1998


if tuesday weld had married hal march ii, she would be tuesday, march the
second.



and this one created by kenneth clarke, blue57note@aol.com, on december 14th, 1998



if candy matson abandoned her relationship with det. ray mallard and married
edgar bergen, then she'd be known as candy bergen.




and this one created by kenneth clarke, blue57note@aol.com, on december 16th, 1998



if gracie allen decided not to marry george burns, but married mel allen then
divorced him and married fred allen, divorced him and married steve allen,
then she'd be gracie allen allen allen allen. 




and these two created by kenneth clarke, classicriders@hotmail.com, on december 29th, 1999



if farah fawcett married former baseball player toby harrah she'd be farah 
harrah.
if she divorced toby and then married yogi bera she would then be farah 
harrah bera.


if carrie fisher had married harry caray and then after his death she 
married jim carrey she would be carrie caray carrey.




and this one created by jack ickes, jack@localaccess.com, on wednesday, july 19, 2000



if olivia newton-john married the movies robert newton, divorced him and wed baseball's tommy john, she would be olivia newton-john newton john.





it may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.











places to go ... things to see !!


 if you have realaudio, you may listen to red skelton's famous "commentary on the pledge of allegiance"

if you would like to listen to some old time radio programs as you tour my site, you may do so if  you have realaudio.  just click on "old time radio programs -- preview listening lounge" and i'll take you there.


jack mann has just published the most comprehensive article on otr trading to date "a guide to otr trading".  check it out ... you'll like it!   it may be found by clicking on "otr articles" and look under jack's heading.     



main table of contents for all areas of my site





vintage radio logs well over 500 logs of episodic listings for several thousand old radio programs taken from my personal collection of over 80,000 programs. 

purchase radio programs  from jerry haendiges productions.    or    you may purchase old radio programs on cd, cassette, reel to reel tape, dat and videotape here.  we also  restore poor quality audio recordings.   

otr articles  you will certainly want to visit this one. here you will find many articles written with the sole intent of helping out the otr collector, along with some very interesting interviews. ..   new articles as of 4-15-99


the olde tyme radio network  here, by way of realaudio, you may listen to some complete current radio broadcasts being aired outside of your listening area.  for instance, john and larry gassman's "same time, same station" and tom heathwood's "heritage radio classics theatre"  once you start these broadcasts, you may listen to them as you tour the rest of my site. you must have realaudio 5.0 or higher installed on your computer.   


old time radio programs -- preview listening lounge  here you may preview, using realaudio, sound clips from a variety of different programs.  a few of these will be standard programs known and enjoyed by all of you.  most will be unique shows and most likely will be new to you.  this area is designed to acquaint you with a wide variety of programs. once you start the programs, you may listen to them as you tour the rest of my site. you must have realaudio 5.0 or higher installed on your computer.   

 commercial radio logs. where you may purchase fantastic series outlines.  

otr collectors corner where small to moderate collector's may post their collections to trade with other collector's.  a great way to get your collections started and growing.

jerry haendiges' home page pictures of my wife, granddaughters, and me.  also my address and phone number.

the history of how and why  "the vintage radio place" was formed.

the old time radio clubhouse lists of otr clubs and organizations, along with addresses and e-mail contacts.  


a tribute to jack french. there is a party going on with the express purpose of honoring one of the great friends of otr collectors, jack french. come on in - you're invited! 

upcoming events. various otr functions around the country

in memoriam! unfortunately, otr artists are at the stages in their lives when we are losing them rapidly.  this area is an obituary notification and tribute to the artist.


"a guide to otr trading" jack mann, known for his killer list of otr web sites, has put together a marvelous article designed to help standardize otr trading. 

the california artists radio theatre. under the direction of veteran actress peggy webber, along with your favorite actors of radio and television, bring new radio broadcasts to the airways    

radio stations currently broadcasting otr courtesy of lou genco.

john & larry gassman's page 

same time, same station kpcc otr program schedule

chuckle of the week! the name says it all!


here are links to other great otr web sites.  i highly recommend all of them!since i can't supply you with a return link back to my site, make sure you know how to use your browser's "back" control.  e-mail me if you don't.  i'd hate to see you get lost somewhere in cyberspace :-)... besides, i want to see you back here soon!





many sources, lists and links. this is a must-see site. masterfully put together by lou genco, it is positively the premiere "old radio site" ... don't miss it!  
 


radio days. excellent site by jim widner. jim is a writer who has helped me (and the otr collector) by providing updated information for my site.  he provides history and insight into several otr programs ... along with many sound clips 

the official sperdvac home page this is actually a site  excellently perceived, designed, constructed and maintained by web master richard novak, long time otr enthusiast and sperdvac volunteer.  on the site you will find terrific articles originally published in sperdvac's monthly newsletter, the radiogram. there are several pictures of otr personalities and sound bytes.  richard has just installed an on-line registration form with which you may submit a membership application.  sperdvac is probably the best source for good low-cost and high-quality otr program rentals.  tell 'em jerry sent you! 


the old-time radio bulletin board this is a wonderful area dreamed up by lou genco in which visitors submit any kind of otr question for the world to see.  someone invariably will give you an answer, or at least give you a hot lead to pursue 


jack mann's killer list of otr web sites: this should give you a link to anywhere you would ever want to go in search of otr. man alive, jack has really done an exhaustive job on this list.

 david hassell's otr menu
 this is really a unique site. david writes some neat works, some of which i have stolen to post in my "chuckle of the week" section. one area i really enjoy reading is something david calls "my otr pick of the week". all of us collectors have shows we've never heard, right? well, david is solving that problem by methodically going through his collection, picking out one show each week, and writing an extremely in-depth revue on that show.  go there, you'll like it! 

"it's a wonderful life" ~ jimmy stewart for you fans of jimmy stewart and the film "it's a wonderful life" (and who isn't a fan of both), this is one terrific site to visit. wonderfully put together by paul michals, who describes himself as the "consummate jimmy stewart fan", this site has absolutely everything you could ever want to know about stewart and his movie.  go see it!!




"classic radio gallery" what better way to listen to an old time radio program then to listen to it on an old time radio?  merrill  mabbs has put together one fantastic collection of antique ~ classic radios.  there are countless pictures of classic radios in extremely high resolution ... simply wonderful photography (a representative example is the atwater kent picture shown to the right). the condition and detail of these radios are just outstanding. if you have a vintage radio and need to identify what it is, chances are great that you'll find it here.  there are also classic radios for sale. in addition, schematics and service information are available at very reasonable prices if you wish to repair your own radio. watch out though, you may find youself spending hours there :-) 
   
   check it out ... you will not be disappointed!


the
internet otr digest. the "digest" is like a world-wide otr club delivered right to your email box.  a fun and friendly group of otr fans from the  first timers to the old timers. make new friends, discuss your favorite shows, learn something new.  it's all here... and of course it's all free. i personally subscribe to this roundtable and read the terrific articles and comments posted there every day.  from time to time i also join into the conversations. i highly recommend that if you're not a member already, that you join today!


other people's radio logs




upcoming events!!






none to report at this time



return to: main table of contents



thanks for stopping by.  you are visitor number: 

to visit this page since march 1, 1997.i hope you enjoyed your stay, i've certainly enjoyed having you here!








jerry haendiges productions © 1996 - 2012




