




 

comic book strip books and graphic novels online and physical store  



































































 

                  your shopping cart






              checkout »








dutch
english











              home




              comiclopedia


              artist compendium


              comic history




              webshop




              info


              about lambiek


              orders & payments


              credits


              faq




              news




              contact






















            search in
            webshop
          

























home of kees kousemaker's comiclopedia


new additions:








    recommended
  












future
the end of the future

by  tommi musturi


            the very last issue in future series. that\'s it. won\'t spoil anything. ten years in making and five years in drawing.
            
              read more


 magazineunderground


















my favorite thing is monsters

by  emil ferris


            set against the tumultuous political backdrop of late \'60s chicago, my favorite thing is monsters book two is the eagerly awaited conclusion to one of the most acclaimed graphic novels of the past decade. presented as the fictional graphic diary of 10-year-old karen reyes as she tries to solve the murder of...
            
              read more


 artmurdermysterysketch


















the complete crumb comic covers

by  robert crumb


            the complete crumb comic covers is een ambitieuze verzameling van meer dan tweehonderd illustraties en comicomslagen die robert crumb tussen 1960 en 2021 tekende. van zap comix tot arcade en van american splendor tot weirdo laat dit boek meer dan zestig jaar van crumbs carrière zien met een groot...
            
              read more


 about comicsartunderground


















tits & clits 1972-1987

by  various


            in 1972, underground cartoonists joyce farmer and lyn chevli produced tits & clits -- a funny, rowdy, raucous underground comix series about female sexuality that one reviewer described as "the ultimate in vaginal politics" -- and became the first american women ever credited with writing,...
            
              read more


 alternativesexunderground


















dog head

by  dave cooper


            the great return of the legendary dave cooper to comics!
after 22 years away from the comics, the legendary dave cooper is back!
this first issue of dog head features the first episodes of his two brand new series: l'architect (the architect) and the great hierarchy : yardstick's worth.
2 new works...
            
              read more


 absurdismsurrealism


















dementia 21
dementia 21 box set

by  shintaro kago


            a two-volume custom slipcase set featuring the devilishly funny, absurdist adult manga stories by shintaro kago, one of the most transgressive and experimental of japan\'s manga auteurs. initially printed in a super limited edition run, fantagraphics is bringing this title back into print for trade...
            
              read more


 adventurehorrormangasurrealism


















tokyo these days

by  taiyo matsumoto


            on his last day as an editor, shiozawa takes a train he\'s ridden hundreds of times before to impart some last advice to a manga creator whose work he used to edit. some time after, he is drawn to return to a bookshop at the request of a junior editor who wants shiozawa\'s help dealing with an incorrigible...
            
              read more


 about comicsadventuremanga


















scott pilgrim
scott pilgrim\'s precious little box set

by  bryan lee o\'malley


            looking for the perfect entry point into the world of scott pilgrim? well, this is it, buddy! all six volumes of bryan lee o\'malley\'s epic tale of a slacker\'s quest to win the heart of the girl of his dreams by defeating her seven evil ex-boyfriends! all together in a beautiful new slipcase! also includes...
            
              read more


 adventurefantasyhumour


















sigaretten
joost swarte - drawn shorthand

by  joost swarte


            muovendo acqua di stagno, grosse rane sballottano sogni, con piroette siderali. c’è un uomo nel frigo: guardarlo e’ bello e penoso, mentre cerca calore. in cima ad un mucchio di libri, qualcuno aspetta soltanto un pezzo di pane e un poco di vino. ogni singola tavola di joost swarte,...
            
              read more


 sketch


















dog head
dog head deluxe

by  dave cooper


            the great return of the legendary dave cooper to comics available in a beautiful collector edition limited to 599 copies !\r\nafter 22 years away from the comics, the legendary dave cooper is back!\r\nthis first issue of dog head features the first episodes of his two brand new series: l\'architect (the...
            
              read more


 absurdismsurrealism















recent news




signeersessie voetsporen door milan hulsing

wij hebben de eer en het genoegen u uit te nodigen voor de signeersessie ter ere...
              
                read more





25 years of comiclopedia (and 56 years of lambiek)!

this week marks the 25th anniversary of the comiclopedia! in november 1999, comic...
              
                read more





presentatie flip!

vrijdag 11 oktober presenteren fake booij en lambiek het overzichtswerk van ph....
              
                read more



comic book shop lambiek
lambiek is europe's first comic shop and probably the oldest existing comic shop worldwide. it has been a hallmark in the world of comics since the opening in 1968.
our site presents the comiclopedia, an online encyclopedia of thousands of comic artists from all over the world. you can also browse through our webshop for old and new comics, prints and original artwork. we ship worldwide.
come and visit our shop when you are in amsterdam! from central station, you can take any metro train of the subway system. ride one stop to nieuwmarkt station. take the koningsstraat exit and you will find us at the top of the escalator!
 

        read more
 



kees kousemaker’s
        comiclopedia
        







        the comiclopedia is an illustrated compendium of over 14,000 comic artists from all over the world.
      

        some (random) artists from the comiclopedia:





bojan redzic 




kobayashi kiyochika 




 shin mun-su 




robert gring 




hal foster 




pierre lacroix 










          search in comiclopedia            

        











series- collections
    check out our new overview page 











 
 

top


about searching


general conditions


privacy statement




 
 













