





































home | community health network







      skip to main content
    










mychart sign in
mychart



mychart


sign in
register




sign in to mychart



to register for mychart, our patient communication and information system, please choose from the following options:
if you have an activation code from your enrollment letter/provider:

register with code

don't have a code?

sign up here




mychart resources
how-to guides and tips for mychart users
mychart guide

get an immediate, self-serve price estimate through mychart - no account or login required!
get an estimate






search


search (header)









menu







 

      
    find a doctor
  




 

      
    careers
  




 

      
    urgent care
  




 

      
    locations
  




 

      
    billing & costs
  




 

      
    contact us
  







menu


health services


provider/employee login


classes and events


education and research


about us


diversity, equity and inclusion


news


give




follow community health network




















































how may we help you?







 

      
    find a doctor
  




 

      
    careers
  




 

      
    urgent care
  




 

      
    locations
  




 

      
    billing & costs
  




 

      
    contact us
  













care beyond the hospital wallscommunity health network president and ceo bryan mills connects the many ways our care manifests in the community. he shares how healthcare is much more than what happens within the four walls of a hospital and that we are prepared to meet patients where they are and prevent more costly interventions whenever possible.caregivers who go beyond






 



health services




bariatrics/weight loss


cancer care


children's health


heart and vascular


maternity services


mental/behavioral


orthopedics/joint/spine


physical therapy & rehab


post-acute care


primary care


sports medicine


women's care






        see all health services
      









your community






 
working toward zero suicidesindiana has the nation’s highest rate of students who have contemplated suicide. the statistics are alarming, and addressing this health crisis requires all of us. we've teamed up with wthr to create the resources parents and teachers need to talk about suicide prevention.read more


 
grant supports east sidecenters for medicare & medicaid services will provide $2,560,494 to address health-related social needs of east side residents to improve access to food, housing and social supports.read more




 
we make it simpleexceptional care. simply delivered. that's our commitment to you and your family. with compassionate caregivers and tools such as mychart we make managing your health as simple as possible. read more


 
now open! new community cancer center northhope has a new address. the new community cancer center north is equipped with advanced diagnostic and treatment technology, offering state-of-the-art treatment opportunities, care programs and essential healing environment designed as a model to meet patients' personal needs.read more







      visit the community blog
    






 
$9m


distributed by community foundations

donate now
 

 
350+


primary care providers for personalized care

find a provider
 

 
7,650


babies born at community hospitals last year

deliver here
 















toll-free, 24 hours:
800-777-7775




live chat



follow community health network





























footer


terms of use


privacy notice


notice of non-discrimination


price transparency


financial assistance


compliance concerns












