



go kart galaxy - your online source for go kart parts and minibike parts



 
 





home
axles
bearings
brakes
bushings & spacers
catalog
chain/guards
clutches & keys
frames, fenders, plates, and acc.
fuel accessories
go kart & minibike kits
kart control hardware
seats & covers


shock absorbers
spindle sets & components
sprockets & sprocket hubs
steering wheels & accessories
throttle & brake controls
throttle cable & fittings
tie rods & tie rod kits
tires & tubes
wheels & accessories
ordering & legal info
links
contact
faq


clearance items


 
all go kart parts and minibike  parts sold on this  site are azusa brand products.  go kart galaxy is an independent dealer and   is not in any manner
  associated or affiliated with azusa engineering, inc.

 
go kart parts and minibike parts at affordable prices...period
questions?  email sales@gokartgalaxy.com 7 days a week.  we accept your credit card payments through paypal.    you don't even need a paypal account. 
 
 questions?  email  sales@gokartgalaxy.com .

  attention:  high schools and colleges
 go kart galaxy has the go kart parts and minibike parts you need for your school projects.  as a   school/college, you qualify for the ups business rate for all orders shipped to   you.  contact us about your order and we'll work with you to get you the   parts you need for your project!  your purchase order is accepted.


axles
  
if you need an axle for your go kart, look no further.        we've got many different lengths and several different diameters available.        we also have axle bearing kits so that you can mount your axle to your go       kart.  
bearings
  
if you need wheel bearings for your go kart or minibike,       look no further.  we've got many different varieties to fit your       application.  we've also got plenty of tie rod end bearings to choose       from.
brakes
  
go kart galaxy has a wide variety of brakes available for       your go kart or minibike.  you can choose from three sizes of drum       brakes, two sizes of band brakes, as well as one size of mechanical disc       brakes.  
bushings and spacers
  
 
 
we've got plenty of bushings and spacers to choose from       for your go kart or minibike.  from steel, to aluminum, to nylon, we've       got what you need.  if you're after a steel bushing but don't see the       exact length you need, you can simply get the 5" spacer and cut what you       need out of it.


catalog
  
browse through 50 pages of azusa go kart parts and       minibike parts at your leisure. azusa engineering's product catalog includes       pictures and descriptions of its full product line of go kart parts and       minibike parts. this catalog does not include go kart galaxy's current       prices of these products. 
 
chain &       guards
  
we've got chain for your go kart or minibike, as well as       for pocket bikes.  we've got sizes ranging from #25 all the way up to       #530 chain.  if you need a chain guard, we've got a universal guard, as       well as a guard made to fit most briggs and tecumseh engines.  and of       course, without a chain breaker you're up a creek.  we've got two to       choose from that are easy to use and make outfitting your go kart or       minibike a breeze.
 
     
    clutches &       keys
  
if you need a clutch for your go kart or minibike, we've       got what you need.  we have clutches for #35 and #40/41 chain drives.        bores available are 5/8", 3/4", and 1".  
frames, fenders,       plates, & accessories
  
if you're wanting to start a go kart or minibike build,       we've got a go kart frame and a minibike frame you can use.  engine       plates, fenders, foot pegs, a kickstand, and other weldements are also       available.  and of course, we've got all the other go kart parts and       minibike parts so you can complete your build!
 


fuel accessories
  
if you need fuel line or fuel fittings for your go kart or       minibike, we've got what you need.  we sell fuel line by the foot at a       great price.
go       kart & minibike kits
  
if you want to build a go kart or minibike from the ground       up but can't fabricate a frame yourself, you should try our go kart kits and       minibike kits.  they include all the go kart parts and minibike parts       you need to complete the build, except for the engine, clutch, paint, and       tools. detailed step by step instructions included.
kart       control hardware
  
we've got brake and throttle pedals, brake and throttle       control rods, and all the associated hardware so that you can outfit your go       kart or replace your worn out components.
seats &       covers
  
go kart galaxy has go kart and minibike seats, covers, and       complete seat kits available.  we have two sizes of minibike seats to       choose from, as well as one size of go kart seat. 


shock       absorbers
  
we've got mechanical, hydraulic, and heavy duty hydraulic       shock absorbers for your go kart or minibike.  compression ranges from       450 lbs. to 730 lbs.
spindle sets & components
  
with two diameters and three different axle lengths to       choose from, go kart galaxy has the spindle sets and components you need for       your go kart or other small vehicle application.  
sprockets &       sprocket hubs
  
go kart galaxy has a wide selection of sprockets and       sprocket hubs for your go kart or minibike.  finished and blank       sprockets range from #35 all the way up to #530 pitch.  we have       sprocket hubs for 1" and 1 1/4" live axles.  if you don't see your       sprocket pattern listed, contact us and we'll see if we can help.
 
steering wheels & accessories
  
we have both 10" and 12" diameter steering wheels       available, as well as a polished aluminum butterfly steering wheel and a       black butterfly steering wheel.  we also have steering shafts ranging       from six inches to 34 inches long, as well as all the necessary hardware.


 
     
    throttle & brake controls
   
 
 

    go kart galaxy has plenty of minibike brake and throttle control components       to choose from.  you can choose from poly lined or unlined conduit, or       you can even buy a minibike throttle assembly without the precut cable and       conduit, and just get one long enough to fit your needs.  there are       three precut lengths of brake cable and conduit to choose from as well.
throttle cable & fittings
 

    with four diameters of conduit and cable, multiple precut lengths of each,       and a variety of fittings, this is your one stop shop for your cable and       conduit needs for your go kart or minibike.  if you have a need for a       large quantity of cable and conduit, 50 and 100 foot rolls are available.
 
 tie       rods & tie rod kits
  
go kart galaxy has tie rods in two diameters and multiple       lengths, so chances are you'll find what you need for your go kart.  if       you're on a budget, you might consider using our economy tie rod kits.        if nothing but the best will do, get the deluxe aircraft quality tie rod       kits.  
tires &       tubes
 
if you need tires and inner tubes for your go kart or       minibike, this is the place for you.  we've got go kart tires, minibike       tires, and pocket       bike/scooter tires, as well as all the inner tubes you need.  


wheels &       accessories
 
go kart galaxy has five different diameters and six       different styles of wheels available for your go kart or minibike.        we've also got three different materials available:  aluminum, steel,       and nylon.  at the bottom of each wheel product page is a tire fitment       chart you can use to pick out the right tire to fit on the go kart or       minibike wheel you want.
clearance       items


are you buying your go kart parts or minibike parts on a       tight budget? sometimes we receive go kart and minibike parts that just       aren't saleable as new.  whether it's spindles with a bit of rust on       them or fenders with some scratches or blemishes, you can take advantage of       clearance prices on these fully functional parts.
ordering & legal       info
please read the information on this page.  it       contains information such how the ordering and shipping process works, lead       time to ship orders, and returning merchandise.  if you are ordering go       kart parts or minibike parts and are from another country, it is imperative       that you follow the instructions on this page.  no matter who you are,       many of the questions you may have about the ordering process both before       and after it occurs are answered on this page.  you can save yourself       and us alot of time simply by reading what is on this page.
contact
if you have questions that are not answered on this       website, feel free to contact us.  we'll do our best to answer your       questions.  if we don't know the answer, we'll say so.  the last       thing we want to do is guess and lead you astray with an incorrect answer.        we'll also try our best to refer you to someone who might be able to answer       your questions if we cannot do so.  


frequently asked questions
be sure to visit this page as well as the  ordering & legal info before contacting us       with a question.  you could be saving your time and our time by doing       so.  


    

prices and specifications subject to change without notice.
from time to time,   manufacturers or suppliers either raise prices or upgrade their products, and   these changes may not be shown on the go kart galaxy website as soon as this occurs. this is   why the products may differ slightly from what is shown. however, all changes   are usually to improve or update the product, and does not lower the quality of   the merchandise.  parts ordered from go kart galaxy should be installed and   used by persons who are familiar with mechanical parts and their proper use and   installation. the customer assumes responsibility for maintaining products   and/or equipment in safe operating condition.  copyright 2004 by go kart   galaxy.


