

























the internet people - infowest internet services
















































866-463-6937🏆 celebrating 30 years in business! (our history)customer login






residential internetcheck for availability
wireless
fiber/fiberwave
sunriver fiber

business internet
other servicesit support
internet for multi-dwelling units
government/public safety
special events
security (business & home)
infowest voice
voip
managed router
experienceiq
protectiq

streaming tv
communitysupporting our neighbors
about us
careers
blog
espanol blog
kids innovate stem camp




30 years oflocal internetexperience reliable internet from a company with over three decades of expertise. no hidden fees, no data caps, and no bandwidth limits. get people-first internet from the internet people.get infowest internet nowresidential internetbusiness internetfiber



up to 2 gbps$100/monththe ultimate internet experience. mesh units and gigabit speed router included.get internet nowfiber/fiberwave



up to 1 gbps$80/monthstream 4k and connect multiple devices, able to handle all your internet needs. commercial-grade router included.get internet nowfiber/fiberwave



up to 250 mbps$65/month250m upload and download!  download large files, and stream with ease. get same upload and download speeds and the best customer support. sign up today and get one month free!  commercial-grade router included.get internet nowwireless



up to 100 mbps$85/monthdownload 100 mbps | up to 20 mpbs upload.  great for social networking, email, shopping, streaming music, hd videos and multi-player gaming. router and equipment included!get internet nowwireless



up to 35 mbps$65/monthdownload 35 mbps | up to 4 mpbs upload.  supports multiple devices, great for social networking, email, shopping, streaming live music and hd videos. router and equipment included!get internet nowwireless



up to 25 mbps$55/monthdownload 25 mbps | up to 3 mbps upload, support multiple devices, great for social networking, email, shopping and streaming music.get internet now









fiber



up to 2 gbps$500/monththe ultimate in speed 2gig upload and download. 3 year contract price call now for more pricing options.get internet nowfiber/fiberwave



up to 1 gbps$300/monthable to handle your connectivity needs. 3 year contract price call now for more pricing options.get internet nowfiber



up to 500 mbps$200/monthgreat for multiple pos (point of sale machines) and 2-5 computers working at a time.
able to handle security cameras and smart devices. 3 year contract price call now for more pricing options.get internet nowwireless



up to 200 mbps$120/monthperfect for small businesses with basic connectivity needs. great for pos (point of sale) machines, multiple computers, and more advanced cameras and security. compatible with voip (voice over internet protocol). call now for more pricing options on our 3-year contract.get internet nowwireless



up to 100 mbps$90/monthstream videos on multiple devices, use pos (point of sale) systems, support three or four users, and manage a standard office security system with room to increase your voip phone capacity. call now for more pricing options on our 3-year contract.get internet nowwireless



up to 50 mbps$60/monthgreat for your small business or office, ideal for your pos (point of sale) system, voip phones, and up to two computers streaming music. call now for more pricing options on our 3-year contract.get internet now









need more speed? or a large business? give us a call: 435-674-0165 x 5get speeds up to 10gbpsvoip and security also availablethe ultimate internet experience 
when clicked, this video is loaded from youtube servers. see our privacy policy for details.give $50, get $50give your friends $50 off any infowest residential internet service. receive a $50 credit to your infowest account when your friends sign up. there is no limit to the number of account credits you can earn!check out this offeryour neighborhood internet expertssince 1994, infowest has delivered the ultimate internet experience, expanding beyond internet services to include voip, home security, and it solutions.internet for multi-dwelling unitswe build and maintain custom fast, easy-to-use networks for apartment and condo complexes as well as hotels and motels from orem to st. george. we take the work out of the network for owners and managers.government/public safetywhen reliable communication is a must, we do our part to provide dedicated communication services to our government agencies including fire departments, police stations, first responders, municipal offices and more!special eventsdoes your event need reliable internet connection? infowest now offers up to 1 gig of internet for custom outdoor and temporary events. we have provided service for races, concerts, non-profits and more! contact us today to see if infowest can cover your event.securitywe provide home security, home video surveillance, and home automation. there are also many additional add-ons like thermostat control, lighting control, door locking, garage control, remote access, and outlet control. the options to protect and monitor your property are virtually endless!voipour cloud based business phone systems are perfectly suited for all office sizes. infowest hosted phones have the power and flexibility of the most advanced systems on the market yet still fit into your budget. 1 phone or 1,000 phones we’ve got you covered.it supportneed internet at an event, arena or somewhere else? we’ve got you covered. infowest supplies internet to events both big and small.

we provide wiring services, and other low voltage services need your it problems solved?
we’ve got the answers.smart bizhoa fiber is here!we provide top-quality, high-speed internet for hoa's.


1
2
next » 


meet the internet people february 13, 2025• espanolenamórate de estas ideas para citas del día de san valentín¿ya has planeado una cita espectacular para el día de san valentín con esa...february 13, 2025• blogfall in love with these valentine’s day date ideashave you planned a spectacular valentine’s day date yet for your special someone?february 6, 2025• bloginternet side hustles the internet has been a game-changer for decades—and infowest has been part of that...

the infowest familyat infowest, our customers are our neighbors and family. with over 140 local employees right here in utah, we work hard to deliver the speeds you need and the exceptional service you deserve. contact us 24/7 or visit your local office in st. george, cedar city, richfield or overton. infowest is proud to be your trusted, local internet provider.local.local customer support.24/7 monitoring.no extra fees.the internet peopleyou don’t stay in business for over 30 years without a great team. infowest team members are passionate, experienced and dedicated to delivering exceptional service and care. you can rest assured that we always ready to serve you.jefffield ops installersimonfield equipment recovery specialistlaizamarketing specialistzacksupport technicianlaurabusiness developmenttrevornetwork adminjamesnoc managertiffanycustomer servicejeffsupport ops managersaracustomer servicecharliefield ops installer

you're in good companyinfowest has been providing high-speed internet to southern utah for 30 years! since 1994, we’ve continued to grow and expand across southern utah. in 2010, we took a big step by bringing reliable internet to communities in southern nevada that needed it most. we care about our communities and love serving our neighbors and local community.we would love to hear from you. click below to contact usget infowest internet today!




packagesresidential internet
business internet
companycontact
about us
careers
terms and conditions
communitysupporting our local communities
blog
affordable connectivity program
st. george, ivins, santa clara, washington, mesquite, overton, logandale, moapa, cedar city, hurricane, parowan, rockville, beaver, new harmony, kannarville, milford, enoch, springdale, minersville, brigham city, layton, lindon, midvale, murray, orem, west valley, payson, perry, tremonton, richfield, salina, monroe, diamond valley, dammeron valley, veyo, central, pine valley, enterprise, winchester hills, apple valley, virgin, toquerville, la verkin, leeds, beaver dam, scenic, brookside, littlefield, summit, marysvale, joseph, annabella, elsinore, central valley, venice, sigurd, aurora, redmond, axtell, centerfield, gunnison, manti, ephraim, beryl, glendale, centerville, clearfield, morgan city, west pointcopyright © 1994 - 2025 • infowest 

angle-down code snippet ma-gdpr-youtube 1.5.0















