
























 
 
seven cycles - u.s. built custom bicycles in titanium and titanium-carbon mix


skip to content






		current lead times: simple-custom framesets:  1 week. full custom bikes: 7 weeks.
			
 















bikes

all bikes by category
 simple-custom bikes
options
paint
graphics





bike building

fit methodology
design process
bikes for women
manufacturing
customization
materials technology
testing




order

order your simple-custom seven
order your full custom seven
your local seven retailer




contact & support

support faq
contact us
career opportunities




about

history and founding principles
meet the bike builders
customer gallery



blog

store





u.s. built custom bicycles in titanium and titanium-carbon mix




















































previous


next





beautiful bikes of the moment













































previous


next

 
				"my new seven is another world. it defies all possible logic, until you ride it.  unreal."
				 — david f.








choose udh or seven's integrated titanium dropout.  udh is available on all of our thru-axle models.








sometimes seven ends up with a test bike, demonstration frameset, or special project that has no permanent owner.  help us by giving good homes to these very special sevens.












gravel & road riding
this is a classic gravel bike.  designed for what most riders think of as "gravel."  the bike also loves fast road riding when paired with 28 to 32 mm tires.







seven week lead time
you can be riding your own fully custom one-of-a-kind seven bike within 7 weeks.





custom frame for $2,995
titanium.  custom.  built by seven.  what more could one want?  a $3k price tag?  okay.  check out seven's simple-custom platform.  lets go!









seven's use of titanium
seven offers three distinct titanium tubesets in thousands of performance combinations.  read about the sets and see which one is right for your next bike.





seven factory newsletter
sign up to receive periodic updates from planet seven. be the first to learn about new products and innovations, ideas, and new rides.




seven's slang geometry
slack and long are the new watchwords for large-tire gravel bikes.  seven's slang geometry is available on seven of our a-frame bike models.






 
 





contact us

					newsletter signup


current lead time


instagram
facebook


career opportunities
warranty





		copyright © 1997-2025 seven cycles, inc.
accessibility | terms of use | privacy policy | warranty

connected to the local database sevencyc_seven.




