


mixed media assemblage collage art gallery, contemporary sculpture, modern poetry, abstract painting, + photography by artist steven b. smith




















contemporary mixed media collage, urban assemblage art, and modern poetry of steven b. smith   











 
 
site map
 


 









 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 













 








stations of the lost & found 
                                        a true tale of armed robbery, stolen cars, outsider art, mutant poetry, underground publishing, robbing the cradle and leaving the country by smith & lady364 pages
 
                                       $19.99
 > buy now






zen over zero: selected poems 1964-2008 by steven b. smith  69 poems and 21 collages over 44 years
 
                                       $12.00
 > buy now



 











golden eyes 
more photos 









my back porch 
more assemblages 




 

s t e v e n    b.    s m i t h
born in bitterroot, raised on paradise prairie. farm boy, car thief, 
      naval academy, expelled for dope, high society marriage,
      armed robbery, jail, escaping the cops, illegal loft dweller, 
                                artcrimes, rat attacks, overdose, overdose, overdose, celibate,
      remarried, expat.    more bio...
n e w ! 

s e c t i o n s 


blog
walking on thin ice: smith n lady's art, poetry, conversations, observations & adventures in foreign lands


 
 


art
op art and surreal paper collage, avant garde assemblage art, art photography, foto fables, underground comix & things for sale


 
 


lit
weird poetry & modern tall tales (tall but true)


 
 


guests
some poets n artists we like


 
 


artcrimes
the twenty year underground publication by smith & his guest editors. explore the history of artcrimes, read poems by daniel thompson, read old issues, purchase copies


 
 


me
read the mutant bio of steven b. smith, view 62 years of mugshot photos, read reviews and comments, contact 


 
 


news
current events & additions to the web site


 
m i s c e l l a n e o u s    p r o j e c t s 
 lab rats   
the quantum collapse of mother dwarf smith 
 heil to the thief   
                        george w. bush league central 
foto fables    
                        journeys from darkness to light, ugly to beauty, wrong to right 
relics    
                        a potpourri of debris 
neon art    
                        the found neon sculpture art of jeffry chiplis represented in photo collages by smith
 the city poetry    
                        lady's art n poetry zine focusses on cleveland writers and artists, but it also features well known contributors from all over the world. its poems and art are typically surreal, irreverent, madly political, beautiful or sublime. contains mature content. 
myspace
smith n lady on myspace

 













“let's face it smith, if the song "my way" were written 
        about your life, it would be lyrics by william s. burroughs& music by laurie anderson, as performed by the velvet 
        underground. the 45-rpm vinyl would have been a blue 
        corrosion color rather than black, with voodoo lounge as
        the cover and "voodoo child" as side b. and that my 
        friend would be one highly collectable single.” 



     steve reynolds, june 2004
 
 


 
grease your grill
i'm an oven cleaner baby
  need to scrub your grill
  yes this oven cleaning man
  mean to steam your grill
  get the heat back baby
  flame 'n fire the thrill
i'll rub your rust off lady
  get your grid to shine
  rid this mood of maybe baby
  lady let me lick your lime
  make much meat that might be
  moistened by munching lightly
  juicy, prime
gonna grease your grill
  put the heat back baby
  then send you the bill
steven b. smith
 





 
 


 



..





website design by lady k. inquiries welcome; click here. 
 



