



 



home » jasna


































toggle navigation





 search





search














regional groups
                            regional groups
                        
                            contact
                            contact jasna
                        
                        member login








i.
jane austen ›
bio, portraits, & places; austen's works; screen adaptations; austen chat podcast; related links




ii.
publications ›
jasna journals; newsletter; book reviews; bibliographies; essay contest winning entries




iii.
conference & events ›
jasna regional events; annual general meetings; tours of england




iv.
programs ›
essay contest; international visitor; jane austen book box; young filmmakers contest




v.
about jasna ›
regional groups; jasna post; community guidelines; history; board of directors; contacts




vi.
join & support ›
membership dues and forms; ways to support jasna



regional groups ›
contact ›















 
celebrating the life and legacy
in 2025 we'll mark the 250th birthday of jane austen—a literary icon who continues to entertain, delight, and inspire generations of readers. join us as we celebrate her timeless works, remarkable life, and enduring legacy throughout the year with special events, activities, online tributes, and more. 
her life ›
her works ›











jane austen’s far-reaching influence
unexpectedly austen
a collection of tributes and reflections on jane austen and her work from notable public figures. we'll share more throughout 2025 as we celebrate austen’s 250th birthday.
read more ›











austen at 250: "no check to my genius from beginning to end"
jasna 2025 agm: save the date
jasna members will gather for our annual conference oct. 10-12 in baltimore, md, to celebrate the 250th anniversary of jane austen’s birth. join us as we explore the essence and genius of jane austen!
learn more ›











limited-time offer
free student membership
we're celebrating the anniversary of jane austen’s 250th birthday this year with a special offer for the next generation of austen fans and scholars. student memberships are free through december 31, 2025!
learn more and join ›






the jasna post


february 7, 2025 
jane austen in the garden: a visit with kim wilson
the garden may be where charlotte sends mr. collins when she tires of him, but for many of jane austen's heroines, it's a place of repose and reflection.

read more ›



january 9, 2025 
a close look at austen's genius: a visit with john mullan
happy 2025! this year marks jane austen's 250th birthday, and we are delighted to kick off the celebration with professor and author john mullan as our guest.

read more ›



december 5, 2024 
adapting austen: a visit with andrew davies
in this episode we chat with the man who gave us the 1995 bbc adaptation of pride and prejudice—for many, the definitive austen adaptation.

read more ›











new: jane austen in the garden: a visit with kim wilson
listen to our podcast
our monthly podcast, austen chat, offers the company of clever, well-informed guests, who have a great deal of conversation!
learn more ›











providing context
austen's world up close
jasna members share their expertise in short videos that shine a light on aspects of life in jane austen's world.
watch the videos ›











jasna members on jane austen 
austen's enduring appeal
why does jane austen inspire legions of admirers? jasna members offer their thoughts in this video.
watch the video ›











join jasna
become a member
learn about the benefits of jasna membership: our publications, regional events, conferences, and more.
learn more ›











meetings & events

					
						upcoming events
					
				


feb
15




									vancouver region: chalk and cheese—siblings as opposites in austen
								


vancouver, bc





feb
15




									san diego region: english fans in the time of jane austen (virtual)
								


ca





feb
19




									mississippi region: interrupting mr. collins
								


university, ms



all events ›








“i would not have missed this meeting for the world.”
emma











about jasna
the jane austen society of north america is dedicated to the enjoyment and appreciation of jane austen and her writing. jasna is a nonprofit organization, staffed by volunteers, whose mission is to foster among the widest number of readers the study, appreciation, and understanding of jane austen’s works, her life, and her genius.  we have over 5,000 members of all ages and from diverse walks of life. although most live in the united states or canada, we also have members in more than a dozen other countries.

learn more ›





©2025 the jane austen society of north america, inc. all rights reserved.terms of use



















