

























coastwatch great lakes node - a noaa program within glerl





























an official website of the united states government
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock ( locklocked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

            










 

menu







homeaboutabout coastwatchandrea vander woudesongzhi liucontactsatellite productsdirectorytrue colorsea surface temperature (sst)icecpa chlorophyllcpa suspended mineralscpa dissolved organic mattercpa dissolved organic carboncpa light attenuationsar windssurface temperature contoursstatisticsdirectoryaverage surface water temperature (glsea)ice concentrationerddapthredds



search


































image attribution






                        image attribution
                    


                            images in this billboard are used with the permission of mark edlund, science museum of minnesota.
                        




 







noaa coastwatch:
            
                            great lakes node            
        

    
            delivering environmental data and products for near real-time observation of the great lakes.    
    



more about us












                sst data availability limited            

                due to an  update to the servers at noaa’s central processing division, sea surface temperature data will be intermittent. during these data gaps, please refer to the modeled sea surface temperatures. we appreciate your patience.            





                uncrewed aircraft system notice:            

                noaa/glerl will be operating our small uncrewed aircraft systems (suas) at altitudes of up to 400 feet above ground level. specific locations are determined on a case-by-case basis. during these flights, the suas will be in technical compliance with pii information collected in accordance to the presidential memorandum “promoting economic competitiveness while safeguarding privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties in domestic use of uncrewed aircraft systems.” we will publish the locations of the flights at a later date.             


services provided




coastwatch data are used in a variety of ways, including near real-time observation and tracking of algal blooms, plumes, ice cover, wind, water intake temperatures at fish hatcheries, two and three dimensional modeling of great lakes physical parameters such as wave height and currents damage assessment modeling, research, and educational and recreational activities.
in addition, through a cooperative project with michigan sea grant, great lakes coastwatch satellite-derived surface temperature imagery is contoured and made available via michigan state sea grant’s web site. great lakes coastwatch data and products benefit riparians as well as commercial and recreational users.


view all services









featured services









                    true color                



 


                true color images look similar to a “photograph” of the earth and lakes from a space-borne satellite perspective.            



view true color









                    sst contour maps                



 


                daily interpolated temperatures from multiple satellite measurements.             



view contour maps









                    ice products                



 


                data from the noaa coastwatch great lakes node to monitor the ice  conditions such as six different types of ice, ice thickness, and ice  cover.            



view ice products












who we are






                andrea vander woude, ph.d.            

                node managerresearch physical scientist – remote sensing researcher            


[read more]








                songzhi liu            

                operations managerprogrammer analyst            


[read more]
















 


                                    great lakes coastwatch                                



























                                great lakes environmental research laboratory                            




                                            (734) 741-2235                                        



                                                oar.glerl.cw@noaa.gov                                            














noaa.gov

                    an official website of noaa








about coastwatch

about glerl

privacy policy

disclaimer

accessibility

website feedback
 




looking for u.s. government information and services? 
visit usa.gov









