




big bend river tours














| home | contact us |




river tours

half day
one day
two day

two day santa elena canyon sample itinerary
two day colorado canyon sample itinerary
two day temple canyon


multi days

3 day santa elena
3 day boquillas canyon
3 day temple canyon
7 to 21 day lower canyon




backroad tours

big bend national park
big bend state park
local area


hiking tours

big bend national park
big bend state park
local area


specialty tours

saddle paddle
texcombo


rentals & shuttles

rentals
shuttles


price list
watch videos

lower canyons 
lower canyons aerial views
santa elena canyon
hot springs canyon
santa elena canyon high water
4 day boquillas canyon


faq's
lodging














   




welcome to big bend river tours
the oldest river outfitter running the rio grande in the
big bend area of texas!
  big bend river tours is located on fm 170 west, just after the highway 118 junction.  our hearts remain true to the area, as we prefer to operate only in the big bend.  we are centrally located near several motels, restaurants, stores and gas stations and only 3 miles from the western entrance to big bend national park.  we are the oldest full service outfitter, offering  you journeys by canoe, raft, van, on foot, and with combination trips, on horse as well.  we are open 9am to 4pm year round and offer trips daily.   
our guided rafting trips, canoe trips, guided hikes and backroad tours are structured to give you information about the region's history, geology, wildlife and plant life through the expertise of our knowledgeable guides. combination trips include the union of either a river trip, guided hike, or backroads expedition.  horseback trips can be  arranged through the local stables as combination trips as well. private shuttles and equipment rentals can be reserved  to provide  a wider array of options for those who would rather "go it on their own". 
please note that the last twenty years in the big bend have been very dry.  this creates a low water situation which sometimes eliminates the use of rafts.  we have a fleet of old town canoes that we use during the low water periods. our guides are expert instructors, so even novices can learn to canoe and enjoy one of our spectacular canyons.  the water tends to be very mild and more lake-like with few rapids during lower water.
check us out on the today show, click here!
please let us help you with your big bend vacation plans. call us now at our toll-free number 800-545-4240!
we are open from 9am to 4pm. extented hours during high season.

     

home | contact us | employment | links
              
copyright © 2011 - 2019 big bend river tours, all right reserved.




book now


