





cleaning solutions janitorial services – day portering in houston































skip to content


cleaning solutions janitorial services

				day portering in houston			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

contact us
about us
home
reviews
 









cleaning solutions janitorial services 
day porter services in the houston area by nathan and susan connors.


contact us


at cleaning solutions janitorial services, we offer the most efficient day porter cleaning in houston, tx.free estimate and 10% off first time clients!
your office or business is going to get dirty during the course of a day. interior cleaning and exterior cleaning of commercial buildings is almost impossible during work hours, and keeping employees overtime for cleaning duty not only wastes your payroll, it also does not get you the deep clean you need. cleaning solutions janitorial services offers a day porter solution to your cleaning needs. we are professional cleaners who can give your business the deep cleaning it needs.
hiring a janitorial service like us is beneficial for you as a business owner. first, we save your payroll for the busy days when you really need it. we have the experience and tools necessary to clean your building from top to bottom as well. our exterior cleaning involves power washing, which is the most affordable way to add value to your property. power washing will blast away years of dirt, mold, and mildew, making your business or office more aesthetically pleasing and healthy.
the interior of your business is what will need the most work. floors will undoubtedly get dirty. we will vacuum all carpet areas, and sweep and mop hard surfaces to ensure your floors are squeaky clean when you come in the next day. we will dust those hard-to-reach corners and clean the grime off windows, providing you with clarity. bathroom areas can also be a big job, so we will mop the floors and disinfect all stalls and sink sections.
day portering in houston



we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for emergency services. 

we’d like to acknowledge one of our colleague companies in the dallas fort worth area.  dallas janitorial services are the go-to day porter janitorial company in dallas fort worth.  they have been in business many years and some of our staff got their original training working with this outstanding company.   
when you hire cleaning solutions janitorial services, you get the most affordable service in the area.







cleaning solutions janitorial services,
proudly powered by wordpress.	footer













