


www.donniefritts.com saving face with faith - home

































www.donniefritts.com saving face with faith



















								home
							



								testimonies
							



								contact us, we'd love to hear from you
							



								gallery
							






































 






 







​donnie fritts    was diagnosed with a rare cancer, ameloblastic carcinoma, on december 23, 2002. three tumors, stage four, along with his forehead, part of frontal lobe, nose, upper palate, pituitary gland, top lip and  the whole center of his face was removed in august of 2003 during a 12 hour surgery.he finished 36 rounds of radiation in november of 2003.reconstruction started in 2005. dr. craig dufresne, dr. michael t. singer,  dr. david ross and mr. robert barron  decided what each would do and donnie, with sharon by his side, began the  journey to become whole.a new face was made in 2009.  dr. michael singer along with dr. ross and mr. barron created a bar to hold a working upper palate and mr. barron created a  prosthetic nose. dr. dorsey van horn of  calhoun, ga repaired all of the damage to the bottom teeth due to lack of saliva because of radiation damage. dr.  ken van arsdale continues to care for donnie's medical needs.the whole face "failed" in 2010. the metal bar broke. some of the facial implants failed. the nose didn't fit because of the changes in the bar and teeth.donnie had 4 infections in his face in 2010.  he was admitted to a hospital in rome, ga for surgery to remove the infection and then sent to calhoun, ga  for a 2 week stay in the hospital there. he was then sent home with a picc-line  and several more weeks of antibiotics and hyperbaric therapy.donnie, though hopeful, found himself in so much pain that he couldn't function as he could before cancer. he steadily became more depressed as the painful days continued.another new face was created for donnie in 2012.the facial bar failed in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and, after several weeks in md for facial reconstruction in march 2020,  he remained 'broken ' through all of 2021 until 2022 when dr. singer repaired  the metal facial  bar. it failed again in 2023 and 2024.​​donnies oral surgeon says that he has to have all of his bottom teeth pulled and some  cut out as   they are fractured due  to radiation,   as soon as possible in 2024.donnie doesn't have enough bone to support the prosthetic without many surgeries and procedures and since he is high risk for infection, is not a candidate for a  transplant. dr. michael t. singer created a working, permanent prosthetic upper palate that allows donnie the ability to enjoy a soft diet without having to "chew" with his fingers and has created a nose that covers much less of donnies face.  dr. van horn worked hard on the lower jaw so that it would be easier for dr. singer to create the working, prosthetic upper palate. the first nose created by mr. robert barron, in 2009, was a masterpiece but failed. without proper airflow, and profuse sweating, the area became inflamed, extremely painful  and then, several infections set in. the second nose he created covered too much of donnies face and while looking fantastic, it was very uncomfortable to wear for longer than a few minutes. donnies face got very red, chafed and he would sweat profusely under the mask.  the moisture set a stage for more infections.  ​he has had 2 other  prosthetics made and is wearing the last one made. it is a few years old and in rough shape but  we are thankful that it is still usable. facial neuropathy causes donnie much pain, in addition to other medical issues caused by surgeries, procedures, radiation and life.life for donnie is painful and hard but worth fighting for. he continues to fight for life!​the reconstruction continues, thank you for helping make this possible!​donnie and sharon appreciate your interest in their story.






to donate to this 501(c)(3) accounte. silvers431 mount vernon  drivecalhoun, ga 30701make check payable to barrett rd cog benevolence fund/donnie frittsyou will be sent a receipt for your donation to this 501c3 fund.all donations  are for medical and medically related expenses also including occasional grocery and household medical products, otc medications, vitamins, special foods, etc,  as well as insurance payments. donnie or sharon fritts have no access to this account.





donate onlineplease contact e. silvers at elesilvers@att.net for a  501(c)(3) receipt ​
click to set custom html







 
to contact donnie and sharon fritts57@hotmail.com
 














 






 











web hosting by startlogic







