





the salvation army western territory























































































doing the most good®





 locations


donate








donate goods







donate clothing, furniture & household items


give now

$500
$250
$100
$50
other



donate










careers
about us
ways to give
volunteer
corporate partners
why the uniform
contact us
newsroom
shop
















  


love beyond wildfires. bring hope now.

  wildfire survivors need immediate help. your donation provides critical aid—shelter, food, and support—through our emergency disaster fund or helps meet urgent needs across southern california.

emergency response
long term relief













wildfire emergency response information
thank you for caring!
as the needs are constantly changing, the best way you can help is to give us flexibility in obtaining the most needed resources for wildfire survivors.
                
        
please support wildfire relief efforts by giving at:
salarmy.us/socalfires

see the latest wildfire relief updates



the salvation army exists to meet human need wherever, whenever and however we can. our presence in the western u.s. spans 13 western states, plus guam, the marshall islands and micronesia, and is part of a global mission to do good.

for the most up-to-date information on services in your area, including registrations for seasonal assistance, please contact your local salvation army using the location finder below.













learn how you can help.


  
brighten the holidays


each december, millions of parents must choose between giving gifts or paying bills.
 brighten the holidays 

 
  
cure hunger


every day, almost 50 million americans face food insecurity.
 cure hunger 

 
  
overcome poverty


one out of every six americans lives in poverty.
 overcome poverty 

 
  
provide shelter


every night in the u.s., more than 550,000 people go homeless.
 provide shelter 

 
  
fight human trafficking


the average age of entry into the american sex trade is 13 years old.
 fight human trafficking 

 
  
stop domestic abuse


every 9 seconds in the u.s., a woman is assaulted or beaten.
 stop domestic abuse 

 
  
equip families


45 percent of high school students say there are gangs - or students who consider themselves part of a gang - in their schools.
 equip families 

 
  
teach kids


40% of children living in poverty aren't prepared for primary schooling.
 teach kids 

 
  
empower the arts


shrinking school budgets limit the future of educational music programs.
 empower the arts 

 
  
assist the unemployed


over 30% of the homeless population suffers from mental health disorders.
 assist the unemployed 

 
  
explore rehabilitation


alcohol abuse kills 75,000 people in the united states every year.
 explore rehabilitation 

 
  
help disaster survivors


each year, natural disasters negatively affect over 90 million americans.
 help disaster survivors 

 
  
love the elderly


7 million americans over the age of 65 experience depression.
 love the elderly 

 
  
serve veterans


veterans represent 26% of our nation's homeless population.
 serve veterans 

 
  
share god's love


79% of people believe that spiritual faith can help people recover from disease.
 share god's love 

 
  
meet the greatest need


eighty-two cents of every dollar donated to the salvation army helps meet the greatest need in your local community.
 meet the greatest need 

 





how we meet local needs

  





assess the need
first, we assess the needs of each community in which we serve. we work to understand the obstacles, hardships and challenges native to the area's particular population.


build the programs
next, we build local programs designed to offer immediate relief, short-term care and long-term growth in the areas that will best benefit the community.


invest in the community
then, we offer the local programs to the local community working to continually optimize their efficacy via spiritual, physical and emotional service.








the salvation army is different in every local community
because every local community is different.







see the impact
real human stories of people overcoming challenges and seizing a second chance. 
        brought to you by our official news source
 















welcome to the do gooders podcast






the do gooders podcast
conversations  with those doing good and those with good ideas so you can turn inspiration into action right where you are. 
 listen and subscribe








learn more about our advisory boards



territorial advisory board	


local advisory board information






see what's happening at your local salvation army














the salvation army mission statement
the salvation army, an international movement, is an evangelical part of the universal christian church. its message is based on the bible. its ministry is motivated by the love of god. its mission is to preach the gospel of jesus christ and to meet human needs in his name without discrimination.







ways to give

donate cryptocurrency
contact us
about us
careers
locations

partners



























						the salvation army western territory headquarters
						serving communities in alaska, washington, oregon, california, new mexico, arizona, nevada, utah, idaho, wyoming, montana, colorado, hawaii, guam, micronesia and the marshall islands.
						30840 hawthorne blvd, rancho palos verdes, ca 90275  | 1-800-sal-army | privacy policy | ©  the salvation army western territory
					






















<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-pmw2g9v"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe>






