







glossy news satire, comedy, humor.






















































 




skip to content





















menu
homeadvertise with glossy newssubmit your satire here!terms of use

  






×



search for:



 








 
posted in politics putin-trump announce presidential run in 2024

 author: scott talbot evans
 published date: 2023-02-26
 0 comments on putin-trump announce presidential run in 2024 



 
posted in politics oohrah! alternative to other camp lejeune settlement tv ambulance chasers

 author: ken hogarty
 published date: 2023-02-19
 0 comments on oohrah! alternative to other camp lejeune settlement tv ambulance chasers 



 
posted in politics incoming house judiciary chairman jim jordan vowed to investigate the “liberal, democrat plot to deny patriotic americans fauci footballs during christmas.”

 author: steve schneider
 published date: 2023-01-17
 0 comments on incoming house judiciary chairman jim jordan vowed to investigate the “liberal, democrat plot to deny patriotic americans fauci footballs during christmas.” 



 
posted in crime politics more presidential campaign announcements tweeted from the donald: today and the next 50 years

 author: ken hogarty
 published date: 2022-11-23
 0 comments on more presidential campaign announcements tweeted from the donald: today and the next 50 years 



 
posted in making headlines politics top stories world news ayatollah khamenei offers citizenship and villas to boebert and greene

 author: lew tuck
 published date: 2022-09-29
 0 comments on ayatollah khamenei offers citizenship and villas to boebert and greene 



 
posted in politics we are so proud to be mussolinis

 author: lew tuck
 published date: 2022-09-08
 0 comments on we are so proud to be mussolinis 



 
posted in making headlines politics top stories trump declares 2024 presidential election already stolen from him

 author: eric green
 published date: 2022-07-22
 0 comments on trump declares 2024 presidential election already stolen from him 



 
posted in making headlines politics top stories world news turkey says no to sweden and finland joining nato

 author: dexter sinistri
 published date: 2022-06-06
 0 comments on turkey says no to sweden and finland joining nato 



 
posted in making headlines politics top stories canada pulls the tigger by banning huawei and zte

 author: dexter sinistri
 published date: 2022-06-01
 0 comments on canada pulls the tigger by banning huawei and zte 



 
posted in making headlines politics top stories world news putin exasperated with belarus!

 author: zajacz
 published date: 2022-06-01
 0 comments on putin exasperated with belarus! 

























posted in society
me, myself, and the drain

 author: dexter sinistri  published date: april 5, 2023  leave a comment on me, myself, and the drain

by mark tulin it was horrible. no, it was frustratingly painful. i had a clogged sink in the bathroom. the water wouldn’t go down no matter what i tried. so finally, i plunged, poured drano down it several times to…

wtf?! click now to find out more! me, myself, and the drain







posted in society
if dogs thought about sexuality

 author: dexter sinistri  published date: april 4, 2023  leave a comment on if dogs thought about sexuality

by: barbara orr we live in such affluent times; many people have decided to define their lives by their sexuality. this has distastefully made sexuality a public rather than a private issue. imagine for a moment what it would look…

wtf?! click now to find out more! if dogs thought about sexuality







posted in crime health
elderly population terrorizes chicago suburb fourth straight week; mayor calls for cessation of violence

 author: dexter sinistri  published date: march 28, 2023  leave a comment on elderly population terrorizes chicago suburb fourth straight week; mayor calls for cessation of violence

bowling alley latestin series of attacks by r. s. wheelock (api)r. s. wheelock middleton – “we’re kickin’ ass and takin’ names,” said one unidentified man in his eighties in the aftermath of last night’s siege of the lucky strike bowling lanes in middleton,…

wtf?! click now to find out more! elderly population terrorizes chicago suburb fourth straight week; mayor calls for cessation of violence







posted in society
how to buy the best-looking vape mods

 author: dexter sinistri  published date: march 26, 2023  leave a comment on how to buy the best-looking vape mods

whether you are buying a vape mod as a first-time vaper or want to upgrade from your old vaping device, you definitely need to consider the best-looking vape mods. these devices have all the features of electronic cigarettes but tend…

wtf?! click now to find out more! how to buy the best-looking vape mods







posted in society
i don’t care what the “medical experts” say, sleep deprivation is awesome

 author: dexter sinistri  published date: march 26, 2023  leave a comment on i don’t care what the “medical experts” say, sleep deprivation is awesome

by rory from rory’s echo chamber. i can’t be the only one who has noticed the euphoric side effects of sleep deprivation. there is something about depriving your body of one of its so-called “essential needs” that results in a…

wtf?! click now to find out more! i don’t care what the “medical experts” say, sleep deprivation is awesome







posted in environment
yes, it does look like they might have a bit too much radiation down in moab, utah from all that uranium mining…

 author: rfreed  published date: february 27, 2023  leave a comment on yes, it does look like they might have a bit too much radiation down in moab, utah from all that uranium mining…

proof positive that there might be something in the water in moab, utah other than fish and fluoride:

wtf?! click now to find out more! yes, it does look like they might have a bit too much radiation down in moab, utah from all that uranium mining…







posted in politics
putin-trump announce presidential run in 2024

 author: scott talbot evans  published date: february 26, 2023  leave a comment on putin-trump announce presidential run in 2024

murderous dictator vladimir putin and former president donald trump threw their hats into the ring at a press conference in  detroit, michigan yesterday. the motor city was chosen as a symbol for the russian-style economic desolation mr. putin hopes to…

wtf?! click now to find out more! putin-trump announce presidential run in 2024







posted in technology
“who’s your daddy?” and more security verification questions: choices with a contemporary edge for 2023 users

 author: ken hogarty  published date: february 20, 2023  leave a comment on “who’s your daddy?” and more security verification questions: choices with a contemporary edge for 2023 users

updated security verification questions [renouncing “favorite pet, first child, or mother’s maiden name” prompts from staid institutions, these prompts will take you beyond outdated dropdown menu questions from which you personally had to choose to answer to secure online accounts]…

wtf?! click now to find out more! “who’s your daddy?” and more security verification questions: choices with a contemporary edge for 2023 users







posted in politics
oohrah! alternative to other camp lejeune settlement tv ambulance chasers

 author: ken hogarty  published date: february 19, 2023  leave a comment on oohrah! alternative to other camp lejeune settlement tv ambulance chasers

semper fi!  a refashioned marine hymnfrom the stalls of montezuma’s revenge,to lying sweat-soaked near tripoli with dengue,you’ve suffered much for the good ol’ u.s. of a;if contaminated at lejeune, time to make it pay. a direct reflection of leadership at camp…

wtf?! click now to find out more! oohrah! alternative to other camp lejeune settlement tv ambulance chasers







posted in celebrity gossip entertainment
phantom closing on broadway – what will happen to it’s biggest star?

 author: maury levine  published date: february 12, 2023  leave a comment on phantom closing on broadway – what will happen to it’s biggest star?

after 35 years and more than 13,000 performances, andrew lloyd webber’s the phantom of the opera is ending on broadway in april. as the musical finishes it’s historic run, the show’s actors, musicians, and technical crew are already looking for…

wtf?! click now to find out more! phantom closing on broadway – what will happen to it’s biggest star?





posts navigation
← older posts





good stuff! 

hey, check these out!

123 term paper is the best solution for students who struggle with their term papers
custom writing service
hire a professional essay writer at essaymill.com
northgate academy homeschooling
order your perfect essay at write my paper service!











share glossy news!our “how it’s really made” series

mad mad monkey men










homeschooling online at northgate academy









copyright © 2025 glossy news satire
design by themesdna.com



scroll to top




















