





mother-in-law stories and mother-in-law jokes



























  


 
we support the red cross












 
message board





 
latest stories





 
latest responses





 
archived stories





 
worst gift stories





 
jokes





 
dr. apter advice





 
frequent fry her





 
mil mall





 
story entry





 
awards





 
poll results





 
word search





 
celeb il quiz





 
chat room





 
help





  site 
              search 




 
home





books, by
              dr. terri apter




what do you want from me?
learning to get along with in-laws




you don't really know me
why mothers and daughters fight and how both 
              can win 






  mother-in-law mall
              a place to find great gifts!
              and products related to mothers-in-law and other family members. 
               








 
"survey says!"
click here - take the mil stories site survey - your opinion 
              is important to us! 




 
 



 






mother-in-law stories
to get started right away - click 
                    green button of choice on left.






   site 
                    search      













 
your own blog
many of you have said, "i have so many stories, 
              i could write my own book!"  well, now, here's your chance!  
              get your very own blog page!
find out all about it!

  

 can you top this?
              what is the
worst gift
 you received on a special occasion or holiday season?  
              we want to hear from you!


  

 dr. terri apter
              advice page
 dr. terri apter - noted psychologist at clare hall, university 
              of cambridge - shares insights into our relationships with our mothers-in-law.  
              view her mil - dil research paper!







 


  
              mil/dil research by dr. christy rittenour (click 
              here)!




 


 dr. 
              terri apter's own web site! www.terriapter.com 




welcome to 
www.motherinlawstories.com.  our aim is to provide you 
        with a place to take a story or leave a story about your 
        favorite relatives.  while mothers-in-law usually provide us with 
        a lot of good material, feel free to share the adventures of any 
        other family member who steps up to the plate.  these pages 
        are intended to amuse you as well as to provide you with a place to relieve 
        your family induced stress.  with your help, we hope to provide a 
        humorous look at the world of in-laws.

        we want to hear your experience, whether it involves 
        your engagement, wedding (or divorce), a holiday dinner, a gift you received, 
        a comment, or a frustrating phone call (may we suggest caller id), etc.  
        please feel free to submit as many as you'd like (the more the merrier).

        for example, here are a few of the mother-in-law stories previously submitted 
        (and, of course, many thanks to  all our contributors, whose 
        stories can be seen via the links on this page):





my in-laws came to visit 
            on the day i brought my son home from the hospital.  i'd had 
            a c-section and wasn't ready to move around a great deal, but they 
            all wanted pizza for dinner.  so they made it.  from scratch.  
            when i looked out in the kitchen, there was flour everywhere.  
            and, though i had a dishwasher, they were piling all the dishes in 
            the sink, just so i (according to mil), "could wash them up when 
            i was up and feeling better."





at our wedding, my mother-in-law 
            asked me (the bride), and her other daughter-in-law and son-in-law 
            to step out of the pictures so the photographer (who we were paying 
            for) could take some pictures of "her family".  
            so, there i was, the bride, standing on the side, watching her set 
            up pictures of "her family".  her son-in-law 
            told me to get used to it, as she does this at all occasions (i still 
            can't get used to it!).





after over 18 years, 3 children, 
            and the usual problems in a marriage, my husband and i have survived.  
            now, my mother-in-law told me straight out that he should kick me 
            out on the street.  she is very blunt about this to my children 
            as well.  my youngest comes back to me and asks why "gramma 
            wants daddy to kick you out."  my husband is spineless when 
            it comes to her.  there are also 5 sisters that support my mother-in-law 
            in her decisions.  i have told her to stay out of our lives, 
            but i was never rude, just firm.  i have even brought the children 
            up to see her, but they are getting to the point they don't want anything 
            to do with her either.  i will not make them visit her.  
            to top it off, i am disabled and cannot do anything to please her.  
            she thinks i am "faking it", and does not understand why 
            i do not work.



        if you can "relate" to any of these stories, we hope to hear 
        from you.  next time you are fuming, visit us and find a sympathetic 
        ear.  writing your story can be therapeutic.  reading one can 
        be enlightening as well as entertaining.  please tell a friend about 
        us, too.  we welcome your comments and suggestions.  we will 
        post the (appropriate) input we receive (as time and space permits).  
        your stories will remain anonymous, as in the examples above.


click here to see the latest mother-in-law stories.


click here to see mother-in-law 
        jokes


click here to see mother-in-law mall


bring us along to your next bridal shower
        or ladies night out!


  
        to send us a story, please click here


to provide us feedback, please e-mail us at feedback@motherinlawstories.com


to visit our awards page click here!



 
 














 
the sister knot
why we fight, why we're jealous, and why we'll 
              love each other no matter what 




secret paths
women in the new midlife



working women don't have wives
professional success in the 1990's
 

to see more books by
              dr. terri apter
click here.

 









           back 
        to the top - click here




 
 search 
              this site or  
              the web powered by freefind



      
              




  















                site search 
                
                web search 





  disclaimer:  all advice on this website is 
        for informational and entertainment purposes only.  all responses 
        are from reader submissions unless specifically noted otherwise (such 
        as dr. terri apter advice page).  we do not endorse any of the advice.  
        we provide it to you as a service.  we can neither guarantee the 
        soundness of the advice, nor make any claims as to the outcome of following 
        this advice.  we provide it for your entertainment only.  should 
        you choose to follow any of the advice, it is solely at your own risk.  
        this is not intended to substitute for obtaining advice from appropriate 
        sources and/or professional counseling.  we recommend you consult 
        an appropriate professional, counselor, and/or a trusted advisor before 
        taking any action based on this advice.  b a squared, llc and 
 www.motherinlawstories.com make 
        no representations or guarantees regarding any information dispensed on 
        this site.

        your privacy is important to us.  click here to view our 
privacy policy.

        copyright © 1999 - 2017, b a squared, llc.  all rights reserved.  
        reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express 
        written permission of b a squared, llc is strictly prohibited.  all 
        materials submitted (written or otherwise) to 
www.motherinlawstories.com become 
        the property of b a squared, llc.  submission of any material (written 
        or otherwise) constitutes your permission for b a squared, llc to use, 
        edit, reproduce and publish this material (in whole or in part) in any 
        way it deems appropriate, and releases b a squared, llc from any and all 
        liability associated with the publication of said material.

contact 
        us: 
        to contact us for any reason, please use the email form on our help page 
        which you can get to by clicking here, or email 
        us at webmaster@motherinlawstories.com.






