
















what's on | talbot rice gallery








      skip to main content
    





















search our site










find us on facebook





follow us on instagram





find us on linkedin





follow us on youtube















what's on


exhibitions


events




about us


plan your visit


meet the team


edinburgh college of art




opportunities


volunteering




learn and engage


support us


shop








follow us on twitter





find us on facebook





follow us on instagram





search our site




opening times
open tue - sat, 10am-5pm
last entry 4:45pm
admission free





search















scroll to:


current exhibitions


upcoming exhibitions


upcoming events


past exhibitions
















current exhibitions









gabrielle goliath / personal accounts







              26 oct 2024 – 15 feb 2025
            
personal accounts is a transnational, decolonial, black feminist project of repair. 









guadalupe maravilla / piedras de fuego (fire stones)







              26 oct 2024 – 15 feb 2025
            
maravilla will reframe our georgian gallery, the former natural history museum of the university, as a place for healing, regeneration and restoration.






upcoming exhibitions









walker & bromwich / searching for a change of consciousness 







              15 march - 31 may 2025
            
zoe walker and neil bromwich’s projects bring together utopian, socialist and animist ideals to create festival-like spaces for communities to come together around issues related to climate change and social justice. 









trading zone 2025







              15 mar – 31 may 2025
            
emily beaney, ross dickson, victoria evans, emilie fielding, keziah greenwood, inayah, hanayo kubota, rita mahfouz, eilidh mckeown, maria schiza, wenqi zou









wael shawky







              28 jun – 28 sep 2025
            
weaving together a number of wael shawky’s large-scale film productions, sculptures and drawings, the exhibition will celebrate an extraordinary artist, and honour the byzantine and islamic art historian who gave the gallery its name 50 years ago – david talbot rice.









the children are now







              25 oct 2025 – 14 feb 2026
            
through artworks that capture the potency of children’s playful imaginations, the children are now makes reference to apartheid education, militaristic games and generational trauma, asking how history is made to repeat itself in the face of those who are capable of reimagining everything.







 


upcoming events





 





academic tour | charlotte bosseaux 



                    thursday 13 february, 5.15pm 

                
      

our final academic tour with these exhibitions will focus on the subtleties of language and translation













past exhibitions


el anatsui / scottish mission book depot keta 

candice lin / the animal husband 

talbot rice residents  

the recent 

hephzibah israel / மொழிபெயர்ப்பு / the nature of difference 






        view all
      











 









  want to volunteer?


  we look for volunteers to get involved in every exhibition at the gallery as volunteer exhibition assistants. our team of volunteers are crucial in the success of our exhibitions and provide essential and valued support.











  support us



we invite you to support talbot rice gallery and become part of our vibrant community. the talbot rice gallery patron programme plays a vital role in helping us to realise ambitious exhibitions by extraordinary artists.
























sign up for updates













  i understand that talbot rice gallery may use my contact information to respond to my request in line with their privacy and cookies policy.











opening times
open tue - sat, 10am-5pm
last entry 4:45pm
admission free



visit

          talbot rice gallery,
          the university of edinburgh,
          old college, south bridge,
          edinburgh, eh8 9yl
        
view on map


useful links


donate


publications


tours



































































































































terms & conditions


privacy policy


cookie policy


accessibility










































































































































