






hauppauge
































































▲



hauppauge














home
products
support
where to buy
webstore
contact












 
hd pvr pro 60
4k in/out with 1080p60for zoom, skype, facebook and youtube live and twitch

 
wintv-quadhd
four hdtv tunersfor usb and pcie

 
hd pvr 2 model 1512
record cable and satellite tvin hd!

 
hd pvr rocket
portable hd video recorderrecord to a usb thumb drive or your pc!

 
colossus 2
the professional hd video recorder
          for hdmi and component video






 
hd pvr pro 60
4k in/out with 1080p60 recording and streaming

 
wintv-quadhd
four hdtv tuners

 
hd pvr 2 model 1512
record cable and satellite tvin hd!

 
hd pvr rocket
portable hd video recorder

 
colossus 2
the professional
          hd video recorder








presidents day holiday
our offices and warehouse in north america are closed monday feb 17, reopening feb 18 at 9am est.wintv v10 activation codes will be emailed throughout the holiday, but shipments will not go out until feb 18.
enjoy the holiday! 








which is the right hauppauge tv tuner??


if you are trying to find which hauppauge tuner is right for you, click here to see our product selector.




wintv v10


wintv v10 is the latest tv application from hauppauge
for tv in a window or full screen on windows 10, 8 and 7. it has a new look and new features, plus support for wintv extend. new features include a free over-the-air tv program guide (epg), season recording inside wintv v10 plus 4-tuner picture-in-picture (pip) with the wintv-quadhd and 2-tuner pip with the wintv-dualhd.

new feature! record to nas




wintv-quadhd


four atsc over-the-air hd tv and digital cable (qam) tuners on a half height pcie board.
includes the latest wintv v10, with 4 tuner picture in picture!




wintv-dualhd


two digital tv tuners in one small usb device
two atsc tuners plus two clear qam tuners. includes the latest wintv v10 app for picture-in-picture




cordcuttertv


stream live tv in your home
cordcutter tv has two tv tuners for atsc and qam television. it is a small standalone box which streams two channels of live tv over your home network to smartphones, tablets, media players and more.cordcutter tv has wifi and dual transcoders for the best home network performance!new dvr feature! now you can record your favorite tv programs on cordcutter tv and play them back on your smartphone or tablet at any time.




linux!
hauppauge provides an easy to use ppa for ubuntu, which supports most of our current tv tuners. plus hd pvr 2, colossus 2 and raspberry pi install instructions are available on our linux support page. 

running wintv tv tuners and hd pvr 2 under linux
tv tuner install on ubuntu with ppa
				plex and hauppauge tv tuners
				ubuntu support for hauppauge tv tuners
				raspberry pi support for hauppauge tv tuners




usb-live2


the simple to use, easy to install video capture device!
usb-live2 connects to any s-video or composite video source and brings the video into your pc over usb. use usb-live2 to watch and record live analog video, or to convert your home video tapes into dvds!








looking for the wintv-quadhd on amazon?

its now back on prime!




windows 11?
wintv v10 runs on windows 11, with the same great features as on windows 10.




lost some of your tv channels? we have a solution!

tv broadcasters are changing their broadcast frequencies in north america. click here to see how to rescan and pick up the newest tv channels in your area.





dual tv for plex media server


dual tuner tv receiver for your plex media server
live tv for plex based media systems (windows and linux). live tv for the nvidia shield with plex and android live channels. includes the wintv-dualhd tv tuner and 90 days of plex pass for live tv on the plex media server.
for an introduction to cord cutting, see this video




plex


hauppauge + plex pass = live tv and dvr!
plex live tv & dvr now supports the hauppauge wintv-dualhd, wintv-quadhd, wintv-hvr-955q and xbox tv tuners. hauppauge tv tuners are now supported for plex pass users on plex windows and linux servers. see more about plex live tv and dvr.




wintv-hvr-955q


portable usb tv tuner for ntsc, atsc and clear qam tv. new: improved tv reception!
watch and record analog and digital tv on your pc or laptop. 








which is the right hauppauge video recorder?


if you are trying to find which hauppauge recorder is right for you, click here to see our product selector.

 


hauppauge capture


windows application for hd video recording
record, edit and upload your xbox, playstation, wiiu and pc game play in hd. hauppauge capture is for all hauppauge video recorders.
also for recording hd from cable or satellite tv boxes using hdmi and component video.




hd pvr pro 60


the universal hd video recorder and streamer for hdmi video cameras, game consoles plus the latest 4k video devices.
broadcast your meeting or conference with vmix, zoom, skype, youtube live and twitch
record, edit, upload and stream from 4k video cameras or game consoles.4k in and pass through, 1080p60 record/streamusb 3.0 bus powered.




hd pvr rocket


portable hd video recorder
hd pvr rocket is small enough to fit in your pocket. carry it to gaming events to record your best game play. record and stream your video game play in hd, at home or anywhere you play! comes with streameez for twitch and youtube streaming.usb bus powered.





hd pvr 2 model 1512


record hd video from cable or satellite tv. or offload your dvr box.
make a personal movie library from your tv recordings.


 

colossus 2


the professional high definition video recorder
colossus 2 is our next generation pcie h.264 hd video recorder, and has the same studio quality h.264 encoder that's used in the hd pvr 2.


 

chat cable


record multi player chat from an xbox one or ps4
this multi-purpose audio splitter allows you to record and stream multi-player chat when using a hauppauge game recorder and an xbox one or ps4
the chat cable also restores audio in your recordings when using a headset attached to an xbox one or ps4 controller













home
about us
privacy
warranty and webstore policies
©2025 hauppauge inc.


















united states

france
germany
italy
singapore
spain
united kingdom



















 

 



