







pendle hill, a quaker study, retreat, and conference center near philadelphia, pa






































































next
prev


refresh your mind, body, and spirit: enjoy a personal retreat or sojourn.host your community event with us: experience radical hospitality.gain valuable and inspiring quaker insights: subscribe to our pamphlet series.discern, shape, and absorb: attend a conference, lecture, or seasonal workshop.transform lives: create peace with justice in the world. 








home
calendar
contact
donate
shop
search
 sign up for enews







learn
education programs, workshops, events


find inspiration, guidance, and support for deepening your spiritual journey and fostering the beloved community through your personal, professional, and public life.



upcoming events
online learning
resident student program
podcast
pendle hill pamphlets
scholarships & residencies
pendle hill chorus
financial assistance





stay
personal retreats, bed & breakfast


nurture your spirit.  sojourn with us on 24 beautiful acres on the outskirts of philadelphia.



book now
overnight accommodations
preparing for your stay
dining services & meals
campus map & accessibility
directions & local attractions
covid-19 information





host
your event with us, conference services


experience our beautiful grounds, delicious food, caring and professional staff, and proximity to major transit hubs – all in the heart of a quaker community. 



brinton house
the barn
upmeads
waysmeet
harding house
firbank
main house reading room
overnight accommodations
preparing for your stay





support
our mission and help make a difference


your generosity supports our vision: to create peace with justice in the world by transforming lives.



planned gifts
governance & financials
vision, mission & values
volunteer opportunities
pendle hill stories
news and notes





explore
our quaker retreat & conference center


pendle hill is a study, retreat, and conference center located on 24 tranquil acres in the heart of a quaker community near philadelphia, pennsylvania.



bookstore
worship
library
arts & spirituality
grounds & arboretum
pendle hill history
staff directory
employment











pendle hill is a quaker study, retreat, and conference center welcoming all for spirit-led learning and community.
sign up for a workshop, book your personal retreat, or
host your event on campus. we hope to see you soon!

seven pieces of advice for the current moment

february 2025 
the second month of the year is a special time for us to engage and learn as we celebrate black history month, especially during a time when the work toward diversity, equity, inclusion, and justice is threatened unscrupulously by political means. for some, this may not sound like an inspirational message from the leader of a small quaker retreat center, but as i discern and read the “signals of our time,” i want to offer some advice as an invitation to keep dancing with the spirit despite the turbulence of the present moment. here is my advice as a friend who is seeking and working toward the beloved community: 
…keep reading
 

 

join hybrid meeting for worship

you are invited to join the pendle hill community for worship, which takes place in the barn and online from 8:30am to 9:10am every day, monday through sunday.
join worship via zoom or learn more about worshiping at pendle hill

 





please consider a tax-deductible gift to the annual fund and help support pendle hill’s mission: to create peace with justice in the world by transforming lives. because without you, there would be no pendle hill. click here to make your secure gift online. 









most of our wonderful lectures and presentations are streamed live over the internet. we also record them for those who are unable to watch the live session.
to view upcoming and past live events , or explore other online learning resources, click on the button below.





our latest articles

publishers of the truth, 2025 – leaders
in your presence
2025 residents and scholars
a message from the quaker institute, 2024





featured events

pendle hill’s reading group (february)online: feb 18, 2025
quaker coalition for uprooting racism (qcur) virtual antiracism worship sharingonline: feb 25, 2025
the pendle hill chorus: spring 2025on campus: feb 26 - may 7, 2025
the spring termon campus: mar 1-may 10, 2025







online learning resources




view all news articles




view all upcoming events










          connect with us
        


facebook
bluesky
linkedin
youtube
instagram






          sign up for our
          e-newsletter 
        



          contact us
          610-566-4507
        






explore our programs
calendar of events
conference services
sojourns & extended stays
buy pamphlets & books
donate to pendle hill
job opportunities
directions & local attractions
contact us
 

visit pendle hill
        the grounds at pendle hill are open to the public seven days a week. you are welcome to walk along our mile-long woodchip trail. to make reservations for lunch or dinner, call 610-566-4507, ext. 137, 24 business hours in advance.      

click the map for directions



contact us

338 plush mill rd. (main campus)
321 plush mill rd. (brinton house)
          wallingford, pa 19086-6023
info@pendlehill.org
          610-566-4507
          800-742-3150 (toll-free)
          610-566-3679 (fax)
        










©2025 pendle hill. all rights reserved. privacy policy


website by: pipedream













