




angel yarns rowan yarn store uk - knitting needles, wool, accessories, reviews
















knitting yarn review 
europe's largest online yarn store 





























angel yarns   reviews ranges of specialty knitting yarns  as well as  knitting books, knitting needles and designer patterns. 
recycled sari silk, click here... 
we are discontinuing many of our rowan yarn,
jaeger, ryc and trendsetter yarns amongst others so act fast before you miss out on the clearance of these luxury yarns. or try out our new yarns from tess dawson, affordable luxury.
crochet shrugs & boleros, click here... 
our range of noro has increased and we keep on adding more and more opal sock yarn, (see the new limited edition opal rainforest 3)
the fantastic sock wool from germany and perfect for all you sock knitters. keep
an eye out for the new range of regia sock yarn too, it's now here - a sock knitters paradise! 
hand painted silk, click here... 

if you are looking to buy soft wools or crochet and knitting yarns then you can't go wrong with the fabulous range from debbie bliss - particularly the wonderful new debbie bliss silks and fabulous debbie bliss cotton angora. 
we are famous for our kits with free crochet  patterns to our own exclusive designs, we also have the largest range of addi turbo knitting needles, also known as addi turbos. now also in stock, sirdar yarns and a fantastic range from bergere de fance, the wool shop is getting bigger and bigger! 
available now at angel yarns... fiddlesticks, feza, makalu, the absolutely gorgeous sublime and the affordable luxury that is tess dawson - put them all in your jordana paige knitting bag or a truly funky oioi bag! 
we  are always on the lookout for great knitting patterns, knitting needles, crochet hooks and all sorts of other useful knitting supplies. we  also  provide some  free knitting patterns and beginner knitting kits too. please take a look through our discount yarn store list as well, it's mostly discount rowan yarn at the wool shop. 
to add that personal touch to  your beautiful knitted handiwork we have  a fantastic range of handmade ceramic buttons and our own famous hand made stitch markers. 
if your  interest lies with needlepoint (embroidery) then our beth russell needlepoint kits  are definitely for you. truly wonderful exquisite designs from frogs to lions in everything from seat covers to rugs to bell-pulls.
our knitting forums have gone from strength to strength with  over 2000 members  and nearly 180,000(!) posts, so whatever it's about we would really appreciate it if you could take some time to join in. if it's just to say hello, pass on some free knitting patterns or put the world to rights, come and join in the knitting forums - it's the friendliest place you'll find. 
if you are new to knitting we have added simple knitting instructions to the store's site to show you how to knit and (we hope) help you become more accomplished knitters.
your online shop for all your knitting wool needs, particularly english  yarns suppliers like debbie bliss, jaeger, colinette and rowan yarns and italian suppliers like adriafil.
xenon project
wedding car hire brighton












home 
about us 
angel gifts 
gift vouchers 
angel vip 
yarn angels club 
knitting forums 
newsletter 
patterns & kits 
help 
what's new 
wish list 
your knits 
knitting yarns 
all yarns 
yarns by weight
lace weight 
angel luxury 
adriafil 
artesano alpaca 
100% angora 
bergere de france 
cashmere 
crochet 
discount yarn 
debbie bliss 
feza 
fiddlesticks 
filati ff 
ggh (rebecca) 
jaeger 
jojoland 
kaalund 
laines du nord 
lanartus 
lane borgosesia 
lang 
louisa harding 
margaret stove 
makalu 
noro 
opal 
organic cotton 
patons yarn 
regia sock yarn
rowan 
ryc 
sari silk 
silk 
sirdar 
sock yarn 
south west trading 
sublime 
tess dawson 
trendsetter 
twilleys 
wendy 
books, magazines & patterns
debbie bliss books 
jaeger books 
magazines & books 
noro books 
rowan magazine 
rowan books 
sirdar patterns 
knitting tools & accessories 
accessories 
addi turbo 
crochet hooks 
daylight lamps 
grafton fibers
handmade ceramic buttons 
knitted jewellery 
knitting bags 
knitting needles 
rowan buttons 
needlepoint & embroidery 
beth russell 
glorafilia 
cross stitch 






copyright © 2013 angel yarns uk
contact us | site map | privacy and security policy | knitting blogs 










