






home - nteu chapter 153














































































skip to the content








  

nteu      directory     login 













home
chapter leadership

chapter leader portal
letter from the president
organization chart


representation

mou’s
constitution & bylaws
contract


benefits and resources

benefit forms
dues information
family and medical leave act entitlement (flma)

paid parental leave under fmla


federal employees health benefits (fehb) program
flexible spending accounts (fsa)
foreign language awards program (flap)
holiday schedule
leo special retirement coverage
military service deposit
samba – employee benevolent fund
thrift savings plan (tsp)
nteu additional benefits


news

events


 


search for:


				search			
×


 expand search form




	menu





















						welcome to nteu chapter 153!					

						your chapter website is now live!					

						chapter leaders					







						free parking!					

						read more					
















welcome to nteu chapter 153 



nteu is a well respected national organization for its knowledge of federal employee issues. the union’s record of success comes from its determination to work with federal agencies, with congress, and in the courts to protect, promote and expand the rights of those it represents.chapter 153 is comprised of a diverse group of individuals who are committed to public service. we proudly represent cbp officers, agriculture specialists, import specialist, entry specialist, mission support specialists, paralegals, technicians, fines penalty & forfeiture specialists and seized property officers.most of the benefits today were not always in place. the benefits were hard fought by nteu and chapter 153. your union negotiated many of those benefits. we fight for fair pay and benefits, improved working conditions and other issues that affect the federal employees. highly-trained stewards and chapter leaders are available to assist employees with any issues—big or small. (issues ranging from disciplinary actions, local grievances and arbitration.) 






letter from the president














 




						log in					


















 




						register now					


















 




						benefits					


















 




						contract					


















 




						holiday schedule					















stay updated with all the latest information, events, and much more from  chapter 153. 







 



latest news 



stay updated with all the latest news from chapter 153. 






read more











 



upcoming events 



view all the upcoming events chapter 153 has lined up. 






latest events











 



gallery 



explore life-long memories created from chapter 153. 






view gallery











 



faq 



find the answers to many common questions. 






click here
























 











						1374					


						members					










						4					


						regions representing					










						1975					


						chapter was charted					










						lucky singh					


						chapter president

					





















 






nteu chapter 153

chapter 153 is comprised of a diverse group of individuals who are committed to public service. we proudly represent cbp officers, agriculture specialists, import specialist, entry specialist, mission support specialists, paralegals, technicians, fines penalty & forfeiture specialists and seized property officers.
 


useful links

contact usjfk contact numbersimage galleryuseful websitesaccessibilitysitemap


 


for members


new user registration

forgot password

holiday scheduledol rights

 


follow us!

facebook
twiiter

 








nteu chapter 153. all rights reserved design & developed by  kooswift 










 


		close menu	


























