



fraser's thimble farms - rare and native plant nursery



 



















events




image gallery




spring sale at the nursery




ferns





hardy orchids





japanese hepaticas





bulbs





perennials a-g





perennials h-z





grasses





shrubs





deciduous vines





conifers/evergreens





deciduous trees





native plant preorder page
				





contact us




what is available at the nursery





mail order info





plant index





home

 
 




 



welcome  


 





find us on 
google maps


 
 

 





 
 
winter hours:
we are open: tuesday through saturday in january and february.  we will be closed sundays and mondays .              
9:00am-4:30pm
2025 native plant preorder form 
 
 welcome to fraser's thimble farms website.  we are open and as busy as usual, so come and explore our three acre woodland nursery. we have a great selection of plants including over 400 varieties of native plants and thousands of varieties of unusuals as well as the full gambit of regular nursery plants.  we are also continuously propagating and potting up new native plants and rarities from our propagation bench so loads of new introductions are in the works.
 
shipping: we are short staffed and have been run ragged working seven days a week so we will be reducing our mail order shipping this fall.  we will primarily be shipping bulb orders and only shipping plant orders that have bulb orders associated with them. orders need to be in before oct 16th. we are not doing any shipping between oct 17th and nov 16th. shipping resumes november 18th
it is clear that we will not have time to update the website this summer or fall as this requires 100's of hours of labour that we do not have. we are busy serving customers and producing plants for next year and cannot take anymore on and will update the website as we can. 
so,for those who want to place an order for fall plant shipping (with your bulb order)the website is not up to date and only lists 20% of what we have in the nursery when it is. not all plants listed on our website will be available for shipping and we will let you know what we can provide before shipping in september. we will start accepting those orders august 1st.    we have been very fortunate to be busier every year and have been especially  busy over the last five years.   we are open year round to the public and must restrict what we can ship to keep sane. staffing is always a problem and we will continue to attempt to find and hire full time staff, but we will be making further changes to reflect the staffing level we have. we   have as many plants as ever but our stock is continually changing and we have very little ability to keep track of our inventory on a regular basis or to know what may be available beyond a very short window of time. essentially, not all plants listed on our website are available at all times and we always have a huge selection of plants and a huge inventory that is not listed on the website.
 we will pull orders for pick up at the nursery (we need at least several days notice) and we will hold plants for a maximum of 5 days for pick up at the nursery.
 shipping will start around the ninth of september and continue until about the middle of december, with a break from the middle of october to the third week in  november.
 
catalogue gallery 
 
.                              
					        we have a great selection of perennials , trees , shrubs, groundcovers, fruit, flowering and nut trees year round as well as the plants listed on our site,  so come visit the nursery.
				            
welcome to fraser's thimble farms website. we are a destination nursery that specialises in rare, unusual and native plants. a few of our   specialties include north american native plants; hardy orchids, especially   cypripediums (lady slippers), and hardy ferns. we are no longer shipping in the spring and will only be doing limited shipping in the fall and early winter, so please come visit. please browse our   website as it gives a sampling of what is available at the nursery. we  have over 10,000  varieties of plants, so we don't have a complete handle on  what we do have at any given time. 













we have updated some of the webpages but  the hot weather, increased business at the nursery and the lack of labour has caught up with us. the web pages are not up to date with the exception of the bulb list  and are for reference only. pricing and availability may have changed. we have a very large inventory and encourage all that can to visit the nursery. we will be shipping bulbs orders this fall as well as some accompanying plant orders. we will not be shipping plant orders that do not have an accompanying bulb order. email you plants list in to verifiy what is available and we will do our best to let you know before we ship. we are very busy serving customers, maintaining the nursery and producing new product to keep the nursery full. 
 
 
our pages are often long so please scroll down to view the complete listing. our nursery is located on saltspring island, the largest of b.c's gulf islands. we have over 3 acres of nursery stock including many plants not listed on the website. we are open to the public and our hours are at the bottom of this page. we look forward to helping you create a beautiful garden full of treasures from around the world. 



 












 
      



 
 
thank    you, richard and nancy fraser



 









native and north american native (n.a. native) plants are indicated as such. native means plants that are indigenous to the pacific northwest; which for our purposes is defined as alaska, british columbia, washington, oregon and northern california. in most cases; however, the plants are native to british columbia. plant height (ht.) or occasionally flower height (fl.ht.) is given next in our descriptions, followed by hardiness zone (z). most of coastal b.c. is zone 8; the gulf islands and most of victoria are zone 9. to determine what zone you are in, refer to the table on page 2 and remember that the temperatures listed are the twenty year, annual low temperature range in celsius or fahrenheit. they are not the absolute low for the zone. 
      as all plants are container grown, we state pot size along with plant prices to give an indication of the size of the plant, which will vary depending on species. pot sizes are standard nursery pots; 1gal = 1gallon pot etc. prices listed are f.o.b. our farm. shipping and mail order information is at the back of the catalogue. 

hours of operation:



spring  hours starting 7 days a week monday- through sunday 9:00am-4:30pm. 


 




we are unable to accept phone orders
    voice 250-537-5788

credit cards accepted


homepage |  order form | contact us 
copyright © 2019  thimble farms
    175 arbutus rd., salt spring island. v8k 1a3 b.c. canada 
designed by backyardgardener.com














