





decorative finishing products by faux effects international inc, the leader in faux paint, faux plaster and faux stone products with information and links to decorative finishing schools, decoratiing and painting classes, fine designer finishing products, and studios.















































 










         800-270-8871







home





pro products

diy products


training 

classes
find a school near you




videos



about 

about faux effects
gallery
news
sign up for our newsletter





purchase 

buy online
find a retailer





links 

faux effects worldâ® magazine
dealer opportunities








contacts 

contact us
product support








 














inspired by nature
								

the first in earth friendly paints

								












2025
								

 
								

 
								

color collection
								













products
								

 
								

 
								

knowledge         training  
								

&
								

the first and last word in professional decorative painting products
								







47 years experience
								

in finishing excellence
								







welcome to
								

 
								

 
								

limitless
								

              creativity!
								

.
								







start your journey now
								

with the world's most extensive product line developed by professionals.
								

























established track record
	
									with over 46 years of decorative finishing experience, faux effects international continues to set the industry standard for faux painting and decorative finishes. as the manufacturer of the internationally acclaimed professional finishing products, fei has established itself as the industry leader with a reputation for unsurpassed quality and expertise in the field of high end decorative and designer finishes.
									to complement our extensive line of professional finishing products, fei offers instructional workshop classes around the world through fei's network of accomplished artists and distributors and are hosted by fei licensed instructors
								









extensive professional product line

									whether you are a beginning faux finisher, a seasoned decorative painting artist, interior designer, architect, builder or painting and decorating contractor, feiâ„¢ has the products, knowledge, and training to ensure your success. 

									the fei line of products was developed as an environmentally safe, water-based, low voc compliant decorating and painting product line for the discriminating faux painter, decorative finisher, and artist, and can be applied to a variety of surfaces through traditional methods as well as cutting edge finishing systems.
									


learn about our pro products











products for the home owner
 

learn about our homeowner products













our mission

at fei, our engineering department uses the best of today's technology to scour the globe to find those lost minerals and natural substances necessary to produce products capable of reproducing the colors and textures that make up the tapestry of our past. 
                            
                            our studios teach not only the best of today's faux and decorative finishing techniques, but also the historical art forms of trompe l'oeil, faux bois, murals, grottesca, and classical ornamentation. the studios we have chosen to represent us are hand picked not only for their talent and accomplishments, but also for their continuing support for our firm commitment to ensuring that these age old art forms are not lost to future generations.
more info




recent news







01/30/2025
our new 2025 inspirations by nature!




visit our instructional video section...





more news

sign up for our newsletter






our products



the most trusted name in the industry
the world's most complete line of decorative products
professional grade, designer quality
developed as water-based, low voc from day one
environmentally safe
h.a.p.s. free
easy soap and water clean up
supported by an international network of distributors
world class training available
proudly made in usa, by american workers


more products













contact us





													faux effects international inc. 
                                                    2701 industrial avenue 2 
													fort pierce, fl 34946
													










phone





													+1 800-270-8871
													+1 772-318-0151
													fax +1 772-742-8155
												





info@fauxfx.com












hours
  monday - friday
										8:30am - 5:00pm est














faux effects international










								copyright © 2024 faux effects international inc.  |  all rights reserved
							


connect with us



































