










my title


    page contents
  


the new england unit of the herb society of america - home














thank you for visiting. weâ welcomeâ your comments about our web site. please sign our guest book below.the new england unitof the herb society of americathis page was last updated on: july 7, 2024in 1933, seven women formed an educational society dedicated to the study and use of herbs. the new england unit was the first unit of the herb society of america, and was incorporated in 1935.â the society has grown from one unit to more than 40, and from the initial seven members to approximately 2,100 members in the united states, canada and other countries. the new england unit has about forty members, living mostly in massachusetts. â the new england unit established aâ teaching herb gardenâ at the gardens at elm bank, home of the massachusetts horticultural society in wellesley, ma. the garden was gifted to masshort in 2023. we invite you to visit all of the gardens atâ masshort.throughout the year, the new england unit holds educational symposia, meetings and workshops on herbal topics. these are held at elm bank, as well as other locations. our meetings are generally held during the day, during the week, to accommodate the distances members travel.please flll out thisâ formâ if you'd like to be notified of future events.â if you have a sincere interest in herbs, and feel you canâ activelyâ participate in the activities of the unit, consider joining us. this is a volunteer organization that relies on its members for help and support.â the membership application form is available here:â about us/membership.the herb society of america is dedicated to promoting the knowledge, use and delight of herbs through educational programs, research and sharing the experience of its members with the community.â welcomethe herb society of america, inc.9019 kirtland-chardon roadkirtland, oh â 44094phone: â 440-256-0514 â  fax: â 440-256-0541website: â www.herbsociety.orgback to topa web site, like a garden...is never done.1homeabout us/membershipcontact usprograms & eventsherbal craftsherbal recipesplants & gardenslinkssite map1homeabout us/membershipcontact usprograms & eventsherbal craftsherbal recipesplants & gardenslinkssite mapit is the policy of the herb society of america not to advise or recommend herbs for medicinal or health use. please consult a health care provider before persuing any herbal treatments.herbs for use and for delight!-john parkinsondefinition of an herbthe love of gardening is a seed that once sown never dies, but always grows and grows to an enduring and ever-increasing source of happiness..-gertrude jekyllthe new england unit (neu) of the herb society of america (hsa) is dedicated to promoting the knowledge, use and delight of herbs through educational programs, research and sharing the experience of its members with the community.











