fall river herald news: local news, politics & sports in fall river, manews sports entertainment lifestyle advertise obituaries enewspaper legals fall river view: photos of the week from around the citytop stories: mbta boosts south coast rail schedule with more tripswhen is president's day 2025? what's open and closed? see full listthings to do: meet a toboggan team, free axe throwing at winterfest the crossword        obituaries        enewspaper        $2.4m upgrade sought for 1834 sandwich town hall. what… mass lottery powerball, lucky for life winning numbers… winter weather advisory: parking bans, snow safety tips fall river police respond to report of shots fired on… this popular ma coastal town was named one of 10 best us…fall river view: photos of the week from around the city  top stories: mbta boosts south coast rail schedule with more trips  when is president's day 2025? what's open and closed? see full list more in news vote for the h.s. athlete of the week feb. 3-8  roundup: somerset boys win thriller, somerset girls clinches playoffs  vote for the h.s. girls basketball player of the week feb. 3-8 more in sports things to do: meet a toboggan team, free axe throwing at winterfest  24-hour plays return to the provincetown theater march 1 and 2  robert kraft's wife dana blumberg named to kennedy center board more in entertainment this popular ma coastal town was named one of 10 best us small towns  when is ramadan 2025? start, end dates for islamic holy month  you could live in a renovated 1800s church in yarmouth, ma. see photos more in life weekly home sales: spacious multi-family in taunton sells for $635k  skyrocketing egg prices have greater fall river restaurants scrambling  new olimpio's restaurant opens at st. john's club in fall river more in business presidents day 2025 food deals: get specials on pizza, tacos and games  yes, 'white lotus' creator mike white was on 'survivor.' we look back.  powerball winning numbers for feb. 15 drawing: $172 million jackpot more in trending it's race day! how to watch the daytona 500 nascar race  ditch the peach fuzz: get 25% off dermaflash dermaplaning tools  crocs slippers are less than $35 for a limited time only more in shoppingenter today       enter today!       contests       more in contestsvote for the h.s. athlete of the week feb. 3-8 roundup: somerset boys win thriller, somerset girls clinches playoffs vote for the h.s. girls basketball player of the week feb. 3-8 vote for the h.s. boys basketball player of the week feb. 3-8 one more time to honor our fall 2024 all-scholasticscareers staff directory accessibility sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local business advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbackjobs cars homes classifieds shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.heraldnews.com. all rights reserved.