










download free mixtapes | new mixtapes - buymixtapes.com































































































download free mixtapes

you have just found the best place possible on the internet with the newest, hottest music on the streets and the wifi waves around the globe that can offer any music connoisseur.   here you will find some of the best recording artists in the music industry of today.   just a few of the many hundreds of musicians you will find on the site are 9lokknine, megan thee stallion, young buck, riff raff, nba youngboy, gucci mane, kevin gates, quavo, young thug, lil baby, g herbo, juice wrld, playboi carti, gunna, travi$ scott, lil uzi vert, g-eazy, dababy, swae lee, peewee longway, summer walker, sy ari da kid, yk osiris, lil tjay, benny the butcher, pusha t, and many more.   we carry the latest mixtapes mixed by professional djs, so you can always be sure to have the best playlist available.   we have no troublesome advertisements that will drive you crazy.   just simply choose the song you want to hear and the fun begins.   this site contains music in genres such as hip hop, r&b, reggae, instrumental, dirty south, west coast, nyc rap, mid-west drill, 3rd coast also known as the gulf cities in the southern united states, and others.   if you have any other types of music you would like to see on the site, please send us an e-mail and we will do our best to find mixtapes containing what you are looking for in a timely manner. 

								one thing that should stand out about the site compared to any other music distributor on the world wide web is that each of the audio players have a unique skin to them, instead of the same old boring solid colors that can easily be done.   we take the time to customize each one, so that it is pleasing to the eye and exciting to look at.   the track listings of each release is sure to have the correct artist name and song title.   you will see that on many other sites, they do not take the time to properly name the songs of each respective compilation.   if you check back daily, you will also notice that we update our site daily, so you can always be sure we will be the best in free mp3 download sites around.   the website is also very easy to use when you are on the go.   just simply load your mobile web browser whether it's on your android, iphone, ipad, or tablet pc.   you can also sync your mobile device to most recent car stereos by using the bluetooth functionality to play all the latest compilations currently out on the internet.   the site is responsive and that means it will look great on any screen no matter what the size is.   since many mobile devices do not have nearly as much storage space as computers for free mp3 downloads, we encode all mixtape tracks at a variable bit-rate to maximize memory usage efficiently.   most other websites give you songs at a 320k bit-rate.   this is not needed at all as it sounds exactly the same as a variable bit-rate, but takes up nearly twice the space on your memory card.   this is a trick that some major tech companies use, so that people will spend more on storage.   using a vbr takes each second of a track and encodes it at the best bit-rate possible during that point in the music file.   these are computers, so why would they not be able to produce the most efficient and highly effective audio file for the human ear to enjoy?
								

								one example of one of the many compilations of mixtapes you will see on the site comes from dj hektik.   he has a series of titles in the franchise labeled 'inspired by the streets'.   he does many drops for popular dirty south emcees such as b.g., hot boy turk, gucci mane, peewee longway, pacman, money man, t. i. , kodak black, lil wayne, veli sosa, trouble, waka flocka, mista cain, lil soulja slim, ralo, gudda gudda, pimp c, bankroll fresh, rick ross, ace hood, trae tha truth, and many southern lyricists currently on the scene.   you will also find that there is an extensive list of djs, song titles, genres, music artists, and mixtape titles that you can search for by going here and typing in any keywords that you want to see matching results for. 

								those of you from the caribbean are probably looking for reggae free music downloads.  check out the musical tastes of djs ecko, triple exe, anthony styles, grimey, selecta preece, lou diamonds, messiah, scratchez, crank, smooth montana, and many more.   some of the music artists from the islands you will find on their releases are daddy yankee, sean paul, mavado, konshens, mavado, vybz kartel, alkaline, spice, gully bop, popcaan, i-octane, demarco, dexta daps, capleton, elephant man, bounty killer, buju banton, beenie man, shabba ranks, vershon, jah thunder, wyclef jean, krizous, kranium, ayo jay, and others.   we can also add anything you want to the site by simply sending us an e-mail. 
								

mixtapes and streaming services
								over the years, since the emergence of online streaming services like ours, many rap artists have used these platforms to add their music and get heard by the world much quicker than when they would distribute hard copies.   some of the many pioneers of the game in the 1990's and 2000's would move products through local stores.   this would include the likes of 50 cent, fabolous, jay-z, the notorious b.i.g., lloyd banks, juelz santana, max, cam'ron, jim jones, dipset, lil wayne, just to mention a few.   this method of production is not really used anymore as everything has gone digital.   most people around the world will use some type of streaming service to get their mixtapes.   the upside to this is that it has also provided an easy opportunity for up and coming recording acts to go viral quickly with minimal costs and promotion.   the downside to this online platforms is that many, many popular acts are flooding the market with songs that are barely 2 minutes 30 seconds.   it is almost becoming a joke anymore rather than an art form because the more times a track is played, the more money an artist and producer will make.   we also offer a premium subscription that contains many added features such as downloading single tracks, creating favorite playlists, download mixtapes not available in the free area, no need to enter an access code, and have multiple transfers at once.   check out all the features of the site now by logging on and happy streaming to all our new users!blog







stream/download mixtapes


home
new releases
search
members login



best mobile browsers

buymixtapes.com mobile

