






































































menu
home
leadership
people

faculty
staff members
trainees


news and events
svrc
services

administrative services
animal models
computation and data management
sequencing and informatics
mass spectrometry and proteomics
histology and pathology
cell imaging and analysis
instrumentation
acknowledging support


training
links
 



















you are here: home








director’s welcome




share
this page on




































 



   on behalf of our scientists, clinicians and trainees in vision, i would like to welcome you to the vanderbilt vision research center or vvrc, as we like to call it in nashville. vanderbilt university and vanderbilt university medical center continue to share a rich and diverse tradition in vision sciences. the vvrc was founded in 1989 through the funding of a national eye institute p30 core grant, which continues to this day (p30-ey08126). the rapid growth of the vvrc arose through collaboration between our inaugural director dr. maureen powers, phd, and dr. denis o’day, md, past chair of the department of ophthalmology & visual sciences. their vision research programs and joint efforts to bolster training in visual sciences established a template for cross-campus collaboration that quickly blossomed and continues to this day. since those early days, we have grown to include nearly 60 members across vanderbilt campuses. contributing research programs span the college of arts & science, peabody college, school of engineering and the school of medicine with individual federal grants exceeding $11 million in direct research support. the mission of the vvrc is simple: to understand the biological substrates of vision and mechanisms of eye disease through novel technologies, strategies and partnerships.



read more





 





vanderbilt hosts 2024 southeastern vision research conference 
		







vision sciences society presents randolph blake with the 2024 ken nakayama medal for excellence. 
		







the vision sciences society is honored to present isabel gauthier with the 2024 davida teller award 
		







major gift bolsters vanderbilt’s retinal vision research efforts 
		







dr. david calkins awarded the 2023 rpb david f. weeks award for outstanding vision research 
		







vvrc welcomes new investigator - dr. constantinidis 
		







vvrc director named assistant vp for research at vumc 
		




 




















the vanderbilt vision research center is headquartered at vanderbilt university medical center north imaging building: 1161 21st ave s.,  aa7100 mcn/imaging bldg














our latest guest speakers


upcoming guest speakers



edward n. pugh jr., ph.d.
professor of physiology & membrane biology, and cell biology and human anatomy
university of california davis
title: waters at the heart of vision: how water movement in opsins allows phototransduction to be studied in rods and cones in vivo.



vanderbilt eye institute and
department of pharmacology seminar
date: monday, march 4, 2024
time: noon
location: vei, elliott conference room
 
erg workshop
date: tuesday march 5th, 2024
time: 2:30 pm
location: mcn/imaging bldg, room aa1119 (first floor classroom)



 (more…)





vision training seminars


vision training seminars

 (more…)






















			back to top 








































