 

home - the council of state governments




































































































skip to content 









 






 





events
our work
career opportunities
regional offices
about us
contact us
 







events
our work
career opportunities
regional offices
about us
contact us
 








 










welcome to csg 





























 




engage: make the most of csg in 2024  



the council of state governments supports elected and appointed state officials as they take on their important role in public service. discover what is scheduled for 2024 and learn more about how you can be involved in the nation’s only nonpartisan, nonprofit organization serving all three branches of state government.  








 




empower: find out how you can partner with csg to make a difference in the states 



for 90 years, csg has served state leaders to advance the common good. in that work, we’ve partnered with innovative leaders from corporations, national trade associations and nonprofit organizations to build partnerships, strengthen relationships, share expertise and help identify solutions for states. learn how you can partner with csg on this important work. 








 




impact: meet the csg 20 under 40 award recipients  



each year, csg recognizes the dedication of 20 up-and-coming elected and appointed leaders from across the u.s. who exemplify strong leadership and a passion for public service. learn more about how these leaders are making an impact in their states.  











csg regional offices 



regional by design, csg is a national community with six offices across the u.s. the headquarters office is in lexington, ky., and the federal affairs office is located in washington, d.c. regional offices are located in atlanta, chicago, new york city and sacramento. all csg members have the opportunity to participate on two levels—regional and national.. 












 



























 




interstate compact resource 



ncic provides resources and information about interstate compacts, which are agreements between two or more states addressing shared issues. the website features an interactive database of compacts, research publications, news updates, and guidance on the development and implementation of compacts. it serves as a comprehensive resource for policymakers, researchers, and stakeholders involved in interstate collaboration. 








 




csg sponsorship 



take advantage of what csg has to offer. find a list of upcoming programs and events for sponsorship opportunities. as well as, more information about the benefits of becoming a member. 








 




state talk: news & resources from csg 



find the latest news, analysis and content from the council of state governments on its state talk blog. explore information on public policy impacting the states, federal funding, the american rescue plan, covid-19 and more along with the latest research, publications and information from csg, its regional offices, its affiliated organizations and partners. 


























the latest 















new biennium, new leadership for great lakes-st. lawrence legislative caucus midwest, state talk
illinois sen. laura fine and indiana rep. david abbott have formally taken the helm of the great lakes-st. 
read more







  

balancing the books: state fiscal strategies in 2025 national, state talk
balancing the books: state fiscal strategies in 2025 nearly every state and territory will be in session by 
read more







capital closeup: a regionwide review of the requirements for a legislative quorum midwest, state talk
sixty-seven members of the 134-seat house present. sixty-six members not present. that was the head count during the 
read more




















see more










 






























 













capitol ideas magazine




csg associates program




csg center of innovation




csg henry toll fellowship 




csg justice center




csg national center for interstate compacts




csg national conference




csg shared state legislation




state talk: news & resources from csg




csg healthy states national task force














employment




press room




privacy policy




accessibility statement




strategic plan




transparency in coverage rule











1776 avenue of the stateslexington, ky 40511phone: (859) 244-8000email: membership@csg.org 










linkedin
 



instagram
 



twitter
 



facebook-f
 



youtube
 














© 2024 the council of state governments. all rights reserved.

















   



































































