



famous women inventors

















home  |  women inventors  |  inventor links  |  inventhelp  |  site map








mary anderson

barbara askins

patricia billings

marion donovan

sally fox

bette nesmith graham

dr. temple grandin

ruth handler

dr. grace murray hopper

mary phelps jacob

margaret knight

stephanie kwolek

hedy lamarr

ann moore

lyda newman

patsy sherman

dr. giuliana tesoro

ruth wakefield

rachel zimmerman



lemelson center: exploring the history of women inventors

forum for women entrepreneurs

more inventhelp resources



home



famous women inventors
exploring the contributions of modern women inventors

throughout history, and now into the 21st century, famous women inventors have played a vital role in the world of innovation. in fact, women have become increasingly prevalent in the field and are responsible for such momentous advances as windshield wipers, disposable diapers, the first computer language and the mars rover.
ignoring the gender stereotypes and discriminatory barriers that stood at every turn, these female inventors displayed an iron will and unwavering perseverance. famous women inventors and its sponsor, inventhelp, are pleased to present an introduction to a handful of the many females whose ingenuity helped to shape the world as we know it over the last couple of centuries. select an inventor from the list at the left to read more about her life and the inventions she created.
















spotlight on: hedy lamarr


although better known for her silver screen exploits, austrian actress hedy lamarr (born hedwig eva maria kiesler) also became a pioneer in the field of wireless communications following her emigration to the united states. the international beauty icon, along with co-inventor george anthiel, developed a "secret communications system" to help combat the nazis in world war ii. by manipulating radio frequencies at irregular intervals between transmission and reception, the invention formed an unbreakable code to prevent classified messages from being intercepted by enemy personnel.
          read more: inventor hedy lammar >> 












home | women inventors | inventor resources | invention help faqs | site map | ©2008 famous women inventors
         
facebook | twitter | instagram | pinterest | linkedin | youtube | crunchbase | inventhelp-innovation










