

























jegi – leading investment bank for media, information, marketing & technology































x
















toggle navigation




about us 

about us
community commitment


team 

team
advisory board


transactions
news
resources 

resources
client briefing
industry reports
quarterly m&a updates
events
annual marketing industry report


contact us
 










 







														building an impeccable reputation since 1987 











														we make your future success our business 











														a strong track record of trusted insights and quality advice









 




				we make your future success our business				
			








our latest transactions
the most recent transactions completed 
on behalf of our clients, providing 
certainty to close and maximizing value. 
view all




independent performance digital marketing agency
 
metric theory
 
has merged with
 
s4 capital






news & resources
the latest firm and industry news, including key trends, data, insights and market research, deal closings, events and other updates.









				        		robert berstein joins jegi | clarity				        						        	
 jegi | clarity, a leading independent investment bank serving companies in the global media, marketing and information sectors, is pleased to announce that robert berstein has joined the firm as managing director.  









				        		s4 picks up performance marketing agency metric theory				        						        	
jegi | clarity has represented metric theory in their merger with s4 capital.









				        		colin morrison joins jegi | clarity advisory board				        						        	
 jegi | clarity is delighted to announce that colin morrison has joined the firm’s advisory board. mr. morrison morrison is a former journalist who has been ceo of media, information and events companies.












“we needed an advisor who understood our business and was capable of handling a complex transaction, which included the merger of four companies. we chose jegi based on its reputation and experience, and it was absolutely the right decision.”
					dan oswald, ceo, blr				

“clarity and jegi’s network and impressive knowledge of the digital content production and post production space were instrumental in helping framestore find the right partner and deliver the shareholders a fantastic outcome. they helped navigate a complex process… i would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone considering using their services.”
					sir william sargent, ceo, framestore				

“i have now completed my fourth successful transaction with jegi. they know their markets inside and out and are strategic, creative, tenacious and results oriented. most importantly, they have always added significant value and delivered outstanding results. jegi goes above and beyond to deliver the desired results for their customers.”
					bob dethlefs, chief executive officer, evanta				

“as the business founder, i was looking for a true partner to represent us: one with the highest integrity, impeccable execution skills, strong work ethic, excellent m&a process from start to finish. they delivered on all of that and so much more.”
					nancy kramer, founder & chairman, resource/ammirati				

“i’ve worked with the jegi team to sell two of my companies for over $100 million. with its extraordinarily comprehensive database of c-level contacts, jegi can easily get key decision makers on the phone, live, without any preamble. thus, my advice to any seller: if jegi wants to sell your business for you, let them!” 
					stephen saunders, founder & ceo, light reading				

“the jegi team worked tirelessly on the v12 group sale process. their knowledge of the sector allowed us to find the best strategic fit, while their m&a capabilities made it possible to get a successful transaction closed. i look forward to working with jegi again.”
					john hunt, managing partner, abry partners				

“we had a remarkable experience with jegi… jegi really stood out from other media and information focused firms… due to their experience in our markets, the tight processes they run, and their significant access to c-level decision-makers. we would hands down, no question, hope to have the chance to work with the team at jegi again.”
					scott becker, founder, becker’s healthcare				

















		top
	












careers
contact us
 







© the jordan, edmiston group, inc. jegi llc is a registered broker-dealer and a member of finra and sipc. 







