








home - bavc media


















































 















skip to content



eventsshopnewslettersupportevents
shop
subscribe
support

 





homeallthevideopeople772024-12-13t19:29:59+00:00 
 
 loading...







audio services 



recording studio and post-production services now available! 


learn more →











reel stories: summer camps 



filmmaking camps for girls and gender expansive youth ages 11-17 


learn more →











sf commons playback lab 



now open! free video preservation for san francisco residents 


learn more →











bay area film production memo 



research study 


read now →











new bavc media merch! 



hat, pins and totes! 


buy now →









bavc media (bay area video coalition) is about video and a whole lot more. we are an evolving coalition of passionate creators, activists, independent makers of all mediums and everyday people, effecting change one story at a time.about ussupport bavcfrom the blog

 

the association of tribal archives, libraries, and museums conference with victoria fajardofebruary 12, 2025


 

mapping the magnetic media landscape: lessons from archives across the u.s.january 17, 2025


 

celebrating bavc media at sundance 2025january 16, 2025
read more



 
 
contact
about bavc media
work with us
upcoming classes
community job board
sf commons
production services
bavc media brand kit
community promotion request form
privacy policy
sign up for our newsletter →© 2023 bavc media. all rights reserved.
bavc media is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization, tax id: 94-2403876
×consumer information
as a prospective student, you are encouraged to review this online catalog prior to signing an enrollment agreement.  you are also encouraged to review the school performance fact sheet (see below), which must be provided to you prior to signing an enrollment agreement.
you must pay the state-imposed assessment for the student tuition recovery fund (strf) if all of the following applies to you:

you are a student in an educational program, who is a california resident, or are enrolled in a residency program, and prepay all or part of your tuition either by cash, guaranteed student loans, or personal loans, and
your total charges are not paid by any third-party payer such as an employer, government program or other payer unless you have a separate agreement to repay the third party.
you are not eligible for protection from the strf and you are not required to pay the strf assessment if either of the following applies:
you are not a california resident, or are not enrolled in a residency program, or
your total charges are paid by a third party, such as an employer, government program or other payer, and you have no separate agreement to repay the third party.

the state of california created the student tuition recovery fund (strf) to relieve or mitigate economic losses suffered by students in educational programs who are california residents, or are enrolled in a residency programs attending certain schools regulated by the bureau for private postsecondary and vocational education.
you may be eligible for strf if you are a california resident or are enrolled in a residency program, prepaid tuition, paid the strf assessment, and suffered an economic loss as a result of any of the following:

the school closed before the course of instruction was completed.
the school’s failure to pay refunds or charges on behalf of a student to a third party for license fees or any other purpose, or to provide equipment or materials for which a charge was collected within 180 days before the closure of the school.
the school’s failure to pay or reimburse loan proceeds under a federally guaranteed student loan program as required by law or to pay or reimburse proceeds received by the school prior to closure in excess of tuition and other costs.
there was a material failure to comply with the act or this division within 30 days before the school closed or, if the material failure began earlier than 30 days prior to closure, the period determined by the bureau. an inability after diligent efforts to prosecute, prove, and collect on a judgment against the institution for a violation of the act.

any questions a student may have regarding this catalog that have not been satisfactorily answered by the institution may be directed to the bureau for private postsecondary education at 2535 capitol oaks drive, suite 400, sacramento, ca 95833 or p.o. box 980818, west sacramento, ca  95798-0818, www.bppe.ca.gov, (888) 370-7589 or by fax (916) 263-1897.
a student or any member of the public may file a complaint about this institution with the bureau for private postsecondary education by calling (888) 370-7589 or by completing a complaint form, which can be obtained on the bureau’s internet web site (www.bppe.ca.gov).
additional documentation (all links open pdfs):



2017-2018 annual report
2020-2021 student performance fact sheet
2023 course catalog



close


 
 
page load link

 


search for:











aboutteamwork with usevent calendarbloglearningclassesversedapprenticeships & workforce developmenttech sf / oewdthe northern california apprentice network (ncan)california opportunity youth apprenticeship (coya) grantresearch & field buildingbay area film production memoartist developmentbavc mediamaker fellowshipartist development donor circleyouth programsbavc youthreel storiesproduction servicescommunity mediasf commonsplayback labpreservationresourcescommunity job boardfiscal sponsorshipbavc media brand kitsupportdonatebecome a membercorporate partnershipsour supportersbecome a memberhire bavc productionswatchliveeventsshopsupportnewsletter 


search for:











aboutteamwork with usevent calendarbloglearningclassesversedapprenticeships & workforce developmenttech sf / oewdthe northern california apprentice network (ncan)california opportunity youth apprenticeship (coya) grantresearch & field buildingbay area film production memoartist developmentbavc mediamaker fellowshipartist development donor circleyouth programsbavc youthreel storiesproduction servicescommunity mediasf commonsplayback labpreservationresourcescommunity job boardfiscal sponsorshipbavc media brand kitsupportdonatebecome a membercorporate partnershipsour supportersbecome a memberhire bavc productionswatchlive
 












































































 


go to top




