











publicbookshelf
is closed. 





publicbookshelf.com
is owned by

lovetoknow
media.




at
lovetoknow media, we believe the good life is inspired by love and
guided by knowledge.




our
distinct and trusted digital native brands include:




lovetoknow:
clear,
comprehensive, and credible, our content celebrates curiosity and
satiates inquiring minds. so whether you want help 

planning
food for a party,

understanding
what your old $2 bill is worth,
or coming up with some 

sweet
quotes for your brother's birthday,
lovetoknow is here to guide, support, and inspire you through it all.



lovetoknow
pets:
lovetoknow
pets is all about giving you accurate tools, recommendations, and
information to help make you the best pet parent you can be.



yourdictionary:
the
goal of yourdictionary
to be the most reliable, clear english resource on the internet.
we’re a dictionary and language website (with over 20 years of
authority and history) for you,
our readers.



wordfinder:





the ultimate word finder tool, powered by an authoritative dictionary. all sorts of tools for word games such as our 
wordle solver,

 words with friends cheat
 connections hints 
and 
word unscrambler.
 
and anagram solvers. 


. 



. 




golflink:
since
1995, golflink has been helping golfers like you get the most out of
their game, on and off the course. whether you’re searching for a

golf
course near you,
or advice on 


how far you should hit your 7 iron
,
golflink
has what you’re looking for.





 wordlist finder 

invoking over 163,000 entries from webster's new world dictionary to craft perfect word lists—strategizing in a word game, preparing a vocabulary lesson, or seeking rhyming words is as easy as typing in your letters.
  



crossword helper:  conquer every crossword puzzle challenge you come across with our crossword clues helper, your essential companion for unraveling the enigmatic world of crossword puzzles. with a treasure trove of over a million meticulously curated clues and answers, you hold the key to unlocking a universe of crosswords spanning decades of linguistic intrigue.






simply scrabble: no matter what letters you draw, 
simply scrabble can make you a word game winner, so get ready to level up in your next round of scrabble.


  











