













flower bulbs supplier | buy flower bulbs online uk | bloms bulbs


















































  












skip to content




home            











 
telephone orders 01234 709099

catalogue
toggle child nav

 lilies dahlias alliums cyclamen gladioli hippeastrum nerines paeonies zantedeschia summer flowering bulbs begonias autumngardening advice
toggle child nav

 growing tulips growing hyacinths growing daffodilsabout us
toggle child nav

 why choose bloms bloms blog our shows contact us 




my account



wishlist


 



cart



 




search


 


telephone orders 01234 709099








know what you want? search


submit





my account


more
hide



 








contact us
need help with your bulbs?
talk to our bulb technicians call us today on 01234 709099







quick order
express order form
use our express order form to get your bulbs quickly







newsletter sign up
sign up to our newsletter
subscribe for tips, tricks, advice and garden updates





 













                   your garden deserves the best

the very best lilies
shop our 2025 bulb collection







we are passionate about providing high-quality plants that thrive in your garden. we have over 165 years of experience growing and supplying bulbs and plants. we offer a variety of spring plants, including tulips, daffodils, hyacinths, anemones, and many more.established in the year 1860, our company has a long-standing history and tradition in the world of horticulture. with an impressive collection of 70 gold medals from the esteemed rhs chelsea flower show, our knowledge and experience in cultivating and selecting tulips and spring bulbs is unparalleled. this expertise has been honed over more than a century and a half of dedication and passion for these beautiful blooms.we pride ourselves on our close-knit relationship with the growers in holland. this partnership ensures the availability of the largest, top-quality bulbs; the very same ones used in our award-winning exhibits. when you purchase from us, you’re not just buying bulbs; you’re becoming a part of a legacy that spans over 160 years. rest assured, you will receive the finest bulbs of the season, year after year. our commitment to excellence is unwavering, as we continue to uphold the standards that have been set since our establishment.please browse our online catalogue to find the perfect plants for your garden. you can order online or call us on 01234-709099 for expert advice from our friendly staff.
 shop our spring 2025 catalogue 











 

liliesspring 





 

lily collectionsspring 





 

asiatic hybridsspring 





 

asiatic patio liliesspring 





 

pearl liliesspring 





 

pollen free liliesspring 





 

oriental hybridsspring 





 

dwarf oriental hybridsspring 





 

oriental trumpet liliesspring 





 

trumpet liliesspring 





 

species liliesspring 





 

martagon hybridsspring 





 

dahliasspring 





 

tall floweredspring 





 

medium beddingspring 





 

dwarf galleryspring 





 

alliumsspring 





 

cannaspring 





 

cyclamenspring 





 

gladiolispring 





 

bloms unique mixturesspring 





 

dwarf gladiolispring 





 

medium flowering gladiolispring 





 

hippeastrumspring 





 

hippeastrum gardenspring 





 

hippeastrum sonatinispring 





 

irisspring 





 

nerinesspring 





 

paeoniesspring 





 

zantedeschiaspring 





 

summer flowering bulbsspring 





 

schizostylisspring 





 

acidantheraspring 





 

amarinespring 





 

agapanthusspring 





 

anemone coronariaspring 





 

anemone fulgensspring 





 

caladiumspring 





 

cosmosspring 





 

crinumspring 





 

crocosmiaspring 





 

eremerusspring 





 

eucharisspring 





 

eucomisspring 





 

freesia hybridsspring 





 

galtoniaspring 





 

gloriosaspring 





 

hippeastreliaspring 





 

kniphofiaspring 





 

liatrisspring 





 

ornithogalumspring 





 

polianthes tuberosaspring 





 

ranunculusspring 





 

scadoxusspring 





 

sparaxisspring 





 

sprekeliaspring 





 

tigridiaspring 





 

tulbaghiaspring 





 

zephyranthesspring 





 

begoniasspring 





 

begonia odorataspring 





 

champagne begoniaspring 





 

double begoniasspring 





 

giant pendular begoniasspring 

 













             




bloms – our belief in quality – testimonials

since 1948, we at bloms bulbs have won 70 gold medals at the chelsea flower show. our quality guarantee means that all of our customers receive the same stock as shown in our award winning displays. 

bulb growers and nurseryman since 1860




 why choose bloms?







     
quality guaranteed 


     
free shipping on orders over £100 


     
passionate about our bulbs 


     
the season’s finest stocks 


     
gold medal winning bulbs 















 

abbeville’s prideasiatic patio lilies£8.00 for 3£22.70 for 10 





 

ace summer sunsetdahlias£16.50 for 3£47.00 for 10 





 

acidanthera murielaeacidanthera£8.60 for 20£36.60 for 100 





 

adrenalinegladioli£9.70 for 10£41.30 for 50 





 

african queen strainlilies£10.20 for 3£28.90 for 10 





 

alstergrussdahlias£15.90 for 3£45.90 for 10 





 

amarine belladivaamarine£18.00 for 3£51.00 for 10 





 

anastasialilies£11.70 for 3£33.20 for 10 





 

angeliquebegonia odorata£9.00 for 3£25.90 for 10 





 

angeliquecanna£12.00 for 3£34.00 for 10 





 

anulata grandifloraanemone fulgens£10.70 each£27.30 for 3 





 

arabian nightdahlias£13.50 for 3£39.00 for 10 

 







 bloms blog 

visit our blog for all the latest gardening news, growing advice and insights from chris blom.










 

add a splash of colour to your garden this year
gardening news






 

summer patio choices
gardening news






 

growing begonias
gardening advice






 

the road to chelsea – part 1
our shows






 

morton hall gardens
our shows


 






.











click here to watch the feature



 















 




bloms bulbs | your garden deserves the best



 










home       

                            t: 01234 709099 | e: help@blomsbulbs.com
                            primrose nurseries, melchbourne, bedford mk44 1zz
                            © 2025 bloms bulbs                        



facebook





twitter


 




company

homeabout uswhy choose blomsbloms blogour shows 

customer service

my accountwishlistcontact usreturns policyterms & conditions 

products

spring bulb collectionautumn bulb collectionexpress order formcartcheckout 










manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 














































