






we adore cannabis! | www.monksofadoration.org
























we adore cannabis!
www.monksofadoration.org













july 31, 2016  by  admin 

how to consume cannabidoil



for many people, working out how to best consume cannabidoil is a hard thing to work out. whilst in the past we had very few options, today we can do everything from inject the oils to take it in a topical format. whatever the choice you may decide to go wit, it’s good to have an option open to you.
regular and consistent doses of cannabidoil is only good for the body, and can make a major difference to your overall quality of life. the therapeutic nature of cbd and cannabis itself means that consumption becomes more important.
so, how should you consume your cbd oils?
since many people have (wrongly) been smoking the stuff for years hoping to get the full hit this way, it’s safe to say that cbd oil has to be used in a different way. cbd consumption is much easier to manage than other drugs, though, as it has such a wide variety to pick from.
topical usage
first off, you could apply it using topical goods. this is one of the easiest and safest ways to consume the medication, and it makes using the volume of cbd oil you wanted much easier.
it’s the best option for many ailments and pains – rubbing it on your skin also means you reduce the psychoactive nature. however, generally speaking cbd oils come with all of the “fun” stuff taken out already.
eating
another popular way to take cbd oils is to eat them, ingesting them with foods. using small amounts of cbd oil on your food is a more uncommon but still effective way to get the oils into your system. it is arguably one of the least effective ways of getting the effects that you are looking for, though.
you can get cbd oil heavy products and they can be very tasty and enjoyable. all you need is 1 gram of oil, 1/3 of a cup of coconut oil, 2 cups of water, and the ability to blend it all together. using a burner heat you simply combine the three ingredients together into a medium saucepan.
keep it bubbling away on a lower eat for around half an hour, and then place the product in the fridge. let it harden overnight and remove the hardened oil from the water. now you’ve got some awesome cbd infused coconut oils for eating or ingesting!
smoking

you could, of course, smoke it like normal. if you put it in an oil rig or something similar, then you can make the burning process begin in the same way that you would by using a pipe. this heats the oils up to the right temperature, vaporizes it, and gives you all the goodness properly.
make sure you don’t light it normally, though, and use it in a bong or similar. this is not only exceptionally messy but it usually has no grounds in actually, well, working!
remember to consult local laws to ensure cbd oil consumption is legal where you are living.


leave a comment





march 20, 2015  by  admin 

how the thc in cannabis can help your healthcare



with the recent increase in the legalization of cannabis in the united states, the medical benefits of the plant is becoming more well known. cannabidoil or better known as cbd is a therapeutic compound found in cannabis that treats inflammation, and seizures, but thc is also proving to be medically beneficial for those who use cannabis. here are seven ways that thc can benefit you medically:

sleep: it has a calming effect that promotes restful sleep, as the compound works as a natural relaxer. in addition to this, it can help with nighttime breathing and help those who suffer from sleep disorders such as sleep apnea. it can help people recover from sleep deprivation and provide them with the capability to reinstate their sleeping patterns whereas harmful synthetic drugs may alter brain chemistry or cause dangerous behaviours.


glaucoma: tends to respond well to the thc in cannabis, as it helps relieves eye pressure without causing harm to the eyes.


asthma: those who suffer from asthma attacks have found relief in either smoking or taking edibles or using a vaporizer to calm down those attacks without irritating the lungs even further.


appetite stimulant: the thc in cannabis can help reduce stomach pains and help stimulate a person’s appetite, helping those who need to boost their nutritional intake and muscle mass through food. those who are on vaccines or have syndromes that cause a lack of appetite can benefit from the stimulant that thc has.


nausea: thc in its natural plant form can help ease the stomach, thus reducing any nausea that a person may be suffering from. plus being able to stimulant an appetite, the thc can get rid of debilitating nausea completely.


post traumatic stress disorder: there are a lot of pharmaceuticals that are use for the treatment of ptsd that look to battle the symptoms that those diagnosed with ptsd, suffer from. however, since thc in cannabis has a calming effect, can be used as a safer alternative to the pharmaceuticals.


pain relief: one of the most well known benefits of thc is that it blocks pain signals that are being sent to the brain, as it relieves the central nervous system pathways of pain. this is extremely beneficial to those who suffer from nerve related or neuropathic pain.

despite cannabis being a banned substance in the united states for a long time, it is now becoming greatly accepted as a natural and positive way to treat a lot of different conditions where people either suffer from pain, or need to either have natural relaxation or a boost in appetite.


leave a comment





march 15, 2015  by  admin 

the aromas of cannabis



whether you are a recreational user, or a medical patient that uses cannabis to treat conditions, knowing the various smells that come with specific strains of cannabis, can deepen your appreciation of cannabis. these aromas are produced by terpenes which are secreted in the same glands of the plant that produce the cannabinoids such as thc. these are pungent oils that not only create the colour of the cannabis, but give them distinctive flavours and smells such as mint, berry, pine, or citrus. these aroma compounds are used to either lure in pollinators or repel predators and are effected by the climate, maturation, fertilizers, and soil type.
just like thc binds to receptors in the brain, thus causing the psychoactive effects, terpenes also bind to these receptors and affect the chemical output. this means that terpenes can effect how much thc passes through the blood-brain barrier and can influence dopamine and serotonin levels by altering their production rate and how many receptors are available. with this said, the various different kinds of terpenes can actually have different effects on individuals such as a relief of stress, or increased focus. some may elevate mood such as limonene, whereas some such as caryophyllene actually have protective properties.
there are more common aroma smells than others, and they all have medical value when it comes to treating certain types of conditions such as arthritis, asthma, gallstones, and depression. these aromas range from citrus, to herbal, to earthy, to pepper, and to candy. these aromas can be found in a lot of different strains and below is a list of where these smells can be found and what medical property they carry:

pine (alpha-pinene, beta-pinene): helps with memory retention and alertness. can be found in bubba kush, jack herer, trainwreck and silver haze. medical effects with asthma, and as an antiseptic.


herbal/tropical fruit/ musky (myrcene): is very relaxing and helps with medical conditions such as depression, inflammation, pain, sleeplessness and is an anti-carcinogenic. can be found in hindu kush, el nina, himalayan and skunk #1.


citrus (limonene): elevates mood and provides stress relief. it can help with medical conditions such as gallstones (dissolves them), depression, heartburn, and is anti-fungal. can be found in skunk kush, super lemon haze, jack the ripper, and lemon skunk.


pepper (caryophyllene): doesn’t have any physical effects but it does have medical benefits such as anti-inflammatory, autoimmune diseases, gastrointestinal conditions and helps to protect the gastrointestinal tract. can be found in hash plant.


floral/candy (linalool): provides anxiety relief and helps with sedation (or sleepiness). the medical benefits include anti-convulsive, anti-anxiety, anti-depressant and even helps with acne. can be found in mr nice g-13, amnesia white, and la confidential.

not every batch will have as pungent smells as others, it just depends on how it was grown and how potent the strain is.


leave a comment





march 8, 2015  by  admin 

how to ingest cannabis safely through edible means



for those who are looking for an alternative way to smoking cannabis, often turn towards ingesting it through edible foods rather than using a water bong, or joint as their means of consumption as they do not have to deal with the smoke portion of the consumption method. in addition to this, those who choose to opt into eating cannabis, use it to lengthen the effects duration, and can use it as a sleep aid.
however, if it is not ingested properly it can cause issues such as: extreme drowsiness, dizziness, rapid heartbeat, increase or decreased blood pressure, and even the inability to concentrate. these become huge problems in those who are new to ingesting cannabis, or to those who have conditions that are exacerbated by high or low blood pressure.
so how do you go about ingesting cannabis safely?

always learn to manage your dosage effectively by starting out with a small portion of cannabis, often using 1/4 to begin with.
wait to assess the effect for at least an hour, before consuming more.
if the effects of the first dosage has not kicked in, or is not enough after waiting for at least an hour, then consume another small dose.
wait again and then if necessary consume a final dose.

it is important to note that an individual’s weight, and metabolism can have have an effect on the dosage needed or required and edibles tend to have a greater potency than any other method of consumption. always prepare your surroundings prior to taking any edible cannabis, so that no harmful hazards are lying around.
finally, if you do consume too much, always remain calm and wait out the effects by keeping hydrated and eating food. remember that edibles will not cause long term toxicity, and just require time to weaken in effect.
this may be obvious, but we do think it is important to note the following: never operate any heavy machinery, vehicles, or take if you are pregnant or caring for an infant.


leave a comment





march 2, 2015  by  admin 

what is the difference between joints, spliffs and blunts?



for those who enjoy smoking cannabis, there are a couple of ways to go about this method of consumption. traditionally speaking, many people will either use a water bong, or some sort of joint, which is rolled up cannabis in some form of paper wrapping. this is an easily accessible way of consuming cannabis and is actually celebrated among many enthusiasts, who enjoy the art of wrapping cannabis and creating joints, blunts and spliffs. these three categories are separated by their content and the type of paper that is used to create them.
this is a blunt
joints and blunts only contain cannabis, and blunts tend to use a dark brown paper that is thicker and weighs more – here is a lovely reddit post on the types of paper you can use. joints on the other hand are distinguished by their partially translucent paper. spliffs on the other hand are hybrids of these two, which contain both tobacco and cannabis, and have a crutch portion to the paper. the crutch allowing the smoker to not burn their fingers while enjoying the spliff. now these three are distinguished by the experience that the smoker has with them. those with loose tobacco provide a head rush prior to the cannabis effects, whereas those with tobacco paper and cannabis such as blunts, tend to hit the smoker harder because of the interaction between the paper and the contents.
when looking at the paper choice, the paper size, flavour and how it burns are all considered in the actual rolling of these three different categories. it’s
and this is a joint
important to note that tobacco paper tends to be sweeter than hemp paper, and thicker papers will always burn slower. pre-roll paper gets used a lot since tobacco paper is harder to come by in the market, and certain paper or brands are used with some as they have specific added aromas that add to the experience. a lot of consumers will also pick paper that is easy to roll and work with as these will not tear and will burn uni-formally as there is nothing worse than a joint, blunt or spliff that burns up one side.
if you are a beginner – which is totally fine – and you want to learn how you can roll the perfect joint, i highly recommend you to watch this youtube video:

it already has over 1.5 mln views, so i guess he helped quite a few newbies in their learning process of how to roll one.
you will find different preference across the globe, some countries preferring blunts over spliffs as they do not contain tobacco, whereas other places may prefer spliffs or blunts as they are not seen as wasteful as joints.


leave a comment



post navigation






search for:



  recent posts 

how to consume cannabidoil


how the thc in cannabis can help your healthcare


the aromas of cannabis


how to ingest cannabis safely through edible means


what is the difference between joints, spliffs and blunts?







proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
					theme: dusk to dawn by wordpress.com.				






