









home page | sri sathya sai international organization

















































skip to main content



















toggle navigation

sri sathya sai international organization







sri sathya saisri sathya sai baba's teachingsdiscourses and writings by sri sathya sai baba
study aidsstudy guides, devotional articles and resources for spiritual seekers
his life and legacyan introduction to the life of sri sathya sai baba.

worldwide initiativesservice: adoption of communitiesfor the occasion of bhagawan sri sathya sai baba's 95th birthday, the sssio adopted around 160 communities in 40 countries.
sssio public outreachan outreach initiative of the sssio that spreads the human values taught by sri sathya sai baba all over the world.
environmental sustainabilitypromoting spiritual solutions to our present day environmental crises.

organization
activitiesyoung adultsthe future of the country depends on the skill and the sincerity of the youth.  yas have enthusiastically shared their ideas, creativity, skills, and knowledge.
healthcarecore values, global impact, and significance of sri sathya sai ideal healthcare
sathya sai educationideal education that brings out latent human values and develops character.
sri sathya sai centresdiscussion of organisation and purpose of sai centres
humanitarian reliefselfless and loving service to those affected by natural disasters
community servicecommunity service activities of the sathya sai centres
interfaith activitiesinterfaith activities from around the world
digital mediamedia team's resources & activities.

eventsworld wide eventsupcoming international, zonal, regional and national events including e-events
2025 calendarevents & festivals

resourcesvideoscollection of inspiring videos
vahinisa collection of essays  penned by sri sathya sai baba and published in the monthly magazine, sanathana sarathi.
sathya sai - the eternal companionmonthly magazine sharing sri sathya sai baba's love, teachings, and humanitarian services undertaken around the world.
sssio annual report for 2023summary of worldwide educational, service, and spiritual activities of the sssio in 2023
guidelinesthis is a collection of ssio guidelines and manuals from various committees and task force teams.
official logosssio logo with the five human values that form the foundation of sri sathya sai baba's teachings
sri sathya sai international archivea global effort focused on documenting the mission and legacy of sri sathya sai baba
devotional songs search - bhajansa tool for devotional coordinators and members to search devotional songs and prepare presentations for centre programmes.

 




search







  



















sai message for the day


 how can god appreciate the meditation you do, when adjacent to you, you have someone in agony, whom you do not treat kindly, for whom you do not make all efforts to help? do not keep yourself apart, intent on your own salvation. move among your sisters and brothers, looking for opportunities to help; but, have the name of god on the tongue and the form of god before the eye of the mind. that is the highest spiritual practice.
 
 sri sathya sai baba, february 1, 1970
  

follow sssio…















sathya sai - the eternal companionmonthly magazine sharing sri sathya sai baba's love, teachings, and humanitarian services undertaken
                                                    around the world.
                                                

divine memoriesremembering interactions with the divine, devotees share their fortunate and blessed experiences.

sri sathya sai baba's discourses and writingsa comprehensive repository of the timeless teachings shared by sri sathya sai baba during his
                                                    lifetime.
                                                

sri sathya sai universespiritual, educational, and service activities rendered by sri sathya sai volunteers around the
                                                    world
                                                

humanitarian reliefhumanitarian relief work undertaken globally by the sssio.

young adult activitiesintegrating the teachings of sri sathya sai baba for spiritual well-being and positive societal
                                                    impact.
                                                follow sssio young adults…











news and announcements





 


sathya sai - the eternal companion (volume 4, issue 2, february 2025)
understanding the importance and power of sri rudram as we celebrate the auspicious maha shivaratri.









 


special logo for 100th birthday of bhagawan sri sathya sai baba
download the special 100th birthday logo depicting swami’s form and formless infinite nature.









 


sathya sai - the eternal companion (volume 4, issue 1, january 2025)
understanding the law of karma, its types, its working and the ways in which karma can be transcended.









 


sathya sai - the eternal companion (volume 3, issue 12, december 2024)
the message and miracles of lord jesus and bhagawan baba embody the same eternal divine principle.









 


sri sathya sai baba on know thyself
‘sri sathya sai baba on know thyself’ will help spiritual seekers delve more deeply into swami’s teachings on our innate divinity.









 


sathya sai - the eternal companion (volume 3, issue 11, november 2024)
to "know thyself" is the ultimate goal of all the three paths - service, devotion and knowledge.





 
all news and announcements >>featured articles





 


saishwara & someshwara
the holiest of lord shiva shrines, somnath, was revived with a promise of security by the shiva-shakti avatar









 


darshan of shiva on maha shivaratri
"the omnipresence of god no matter where we are physically, if only we have the urge to “see” him." -a devotees urge to have shiva's darshan.









 


maha shivaratri - path towards self-realization
supreme sacredness-realizing oneness with divinity









 


resilience comes from surrender
“i will take everything from you until you want nothing but me.”









 


project happiness: revitalizing rasesa's elders through compassionate care
project happiness: revitalizing rasesa's elders through compassionate care










 


the greatest miracle of sathya sai baba - mr. haridarshan sathiamoorthy
we would sit on the sands in an unbelievably peaceful atmosphere and enjoy hours of bliss seeing swami and participating in bhajans. 









 


from atheist to a theist!
faith and surrender give the strength to face difficult situations boldly









 


repetition of god’s name
repetition of the name erases the thought of the symptoms from the mind, and when they no longer exist in the mind, they no longer persist in the body. 









 


108 mirrors to know thyself - part 1
a study guide for deep contemplation of 108 names of sri sathya sai baba - part 1 of 6 (names 1 through 18)









 


sri sathya sai baba on know thyself
‘sri sathya sai baba on know thyself’ will help spiritual seekers delve more deeply into swami’s teachings on our innate divinity.





 


past sai messages for the day


sssio bulletin


annual report


108 gayatri


sadhana of love


legacy website

videos
audio
discourses
writings






 


govinda krishna jai sai symphony









 


sri sathya sai - the eternal companion









 


chanting om sri sai ram 108 times









 


meditation - a guided how-to video on jyoti meditation.









 


meditation - a video on its importance from his teachings









 


interfaith meeting - nairobi, kenya









 


sri sathya sai school of uthiru – kenya









 


sai community center of iztapalapa – mexico









 


2018 sulawesi earthquake and tsunami disaster relief









 


sri sathya sai school of manipay - sri lanka









 


go green conference 2018 - day 2, closing session









 


love and peace is what we need









 


go green conference 2018 - day 2, morning session









 


go green conference 2018 - day 1, evening session









 


go green conference 2018 - day 1, inaugural session









 


highlights of the sri sathya sai world youth festival 2016 









 


mr. leonardo gutter - remember and resolve









 


tenth world conference - keynote address by dr. william harvey, member, prasanthi council









 


tenth world conference - speech by dr. phil gosselin, usa









 


overview of the sri sathya sai international organization (short version)





 






 


108 gayatri chanted by sathya sai baba
gayatri mantra, a vedic prayer, purifies mind, grants wisdom and devotion.









 


brahmārpañaṃ
food prayer that needs to be chanted before partaking a meal









 


gayatri mantra









 


suprabatham - english









 


suprabatham - sanskrit 









 


recitation of chapter 12 of bhagavad geeta
recitation and translation of chapter 12 gita by hymon johnson









 


easwaramma divine mother of sai
song describing the immaculate conception of the divine lord





 






 


educare is true education









 


birthday message of love









 


who is sai?









 


shiva shakthi









 


sathya sai seva (service)









 


the heart of the organisation









 


the message i bring









 


the revelation





 






 


sathya sai vahini









 


upanishad vahini









 


prema vahini









 


prasanthi vahini









 


gita vahini









 


dhyana vahini









 


dharma vahini





 

 













our other websites
sri sathya sai universe
sri sathya sai humanitarian relief
saicast
legacy sathyasai.org
zone and country websites
- select a country -
argentina
australia and papua new guinea
austria
belgium
brazil
canada
chile
croatia
czech republic
denmark
ecuador
estonia
fiji

france
germany
greece
hong kong
hungary
indonesia
ireland, republic of

italy
japan - japanese language
japan - english language
kenya
latvia
lithuania
malaysia - english language
malaysia - chinese language
mauritius
mexico

netherlands
new zealand
norway
peru

poland
russia
serbia
singapore
slovakia
slovenia
south africa
spain
sri lanka
sweden
switzerland
thailand and vietnam
ukraine
united kingdom
united states of america
uruguay
west indies
zone 7
connect with us
 whatsapp
 facebook
 instagram
 x (twitter)
 youtube
 telegram

 spotify









sathya sai
life and legacy
his words
study aids
about us
about the organization
healthcare
young adults
sri sathya sai centers
sri sathya sai education
humanitarian relief
community service
interfaith activities
events & activities
2024 calendar
worldwide events
resources
videos
ebooks
sathya sai - the eternal companion
guidelines
official logo

devotional songs search
annual report
sssio public outreach
worldwide initiatives
adoption of communities worldwide
environmental sustainability
contact us
info@sathyasai.org









© 2024 sri sathya sai international organization. all rights reserved.










