











kickstart kids - character through karate

































  





donate










about us

about us
the impact
board of directors
leadership team
instructors
participating schools
values curriculum


support

support
sponsorships opportunities
supporters
donate
volunteer


events
news
contact us

contact us
corporate offices
ksk careers


shop


account login


parents


employees





















join us in celebrating chuck norris' birthday at the boots and black belts gala on april 26th!

click here









we teach character through karate
kickstart kids offers high quality martial arts instruction during the school day to adolescents navigating the difficult middle school and high school years.at a time when students are developing their identity and faced with significant life choices, the ksk curriculum promotes community, achievement, healthy lifestyles and the foundation of character – discipline, responsibility, kindness, respect, courage, dedication, honesty, and loyalty.

learn more


























our success




this year, approximately 7,511 students are enrolled in 59 public schools across the state of texas. since its inception, over 110,000 students have benefitted from our one-of-a-kind, life-changing program. kickstart kids strives to create an environment and a world that is more respectful, empathetic, equitable and inclusive. living the values that are instilled in our curriculum, students are empowered to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more.









students impacted








currently enrolled








active schools










upcoming events




we hope you, your family, and friends will be a part of our community events.



view all events 











road to state 24-25 tournaments
 date varies 
view 









boots & black belts - chuck norris 85th birthday celebration
 april 26, 2025 
view 













our values curriculum
daily classes include lessons focusing on 8 specific character values from our unique values curriculum.






































































it teaches them discipline, hard work, respect and maybe the thing we need our students to learn the most, it teaches them character.
greg abbott, texas governor





there are so many children that i knew would be successful for life thanks to the character skills they learned from kickstart kids.
dr. charles e. dupre, former fort bend superintendent





as a single mother, ksk proved to be the life saver my family needed as we began the middle school & high school journey.
laura norman, mother of four ksk black belts





ksk has prevented more crime and freed up more prison space than any program i have seen in 35 years of law enforcement.
bill e waybourn, tarrant county sheriff





kickstart kids has made a difference in my life and because of that, i want to make a difference in other people’s lives.
aaryn gundlach, kickstart kids alumnus










ways you can help





donate




fundraise




volunteer




info









info











subscribe to our newsletter
subscribe to receive newsletters and other information from kickstart kids! you may unsubscribe at any time.























about

 10222 westheimer rd
                                        houston, texas 77042
 phone: 7138686003 | fax: 7138801279 
 mail@kickstartkids.org

















quick links

about us
support
events
news
contact us

financial information








latest news



2024 winter newsletter
 dec. 20, 2024, 8:46 p.m.




the chron story studio - from belts to brilliance: a closer look at the legacy of excellence in kickstart kids
 march 18, 2024, 3:47 p.m.




2023 winter newsletter
 dec. 20, 2023, 3:04 p.m.









recent tweets

we're thrilled that you savored the delicious coffee! were excited to witness our ksk hamilton students shine brightly this school semester. 🌟📚🥋aug. 24, 2023, 1:16 a.m.
in honor of #blackhistorymonth, we will be featuring martial artists who have made an impact in the martial arts community. today, we're honoring vic moore! check out these awesome facts about the legendary martial artist.feb. 9, 2023, 11:33 a.m.










©2021 kickstart kids. all rights reserved.
privacy policy |
                    terms of use
















