









uc santa cruz – a world-class public research institution comprised of ten residential college communities nestled in the redwood forests and meadows overlooking central california's monterey bay.



































































our voices will define the century










about

overview
achievements, facts, and figures
leadership
our mascot: sammy the banana slug
our residential colleges
campus tours
diversity, equity, and inclusion
employment


academics

undergraduate majors
graduate degrees
academic divisions
course catalog
schedule of classes


research

office of research
undergraduate research
innovation & business engagement hub
university library


admissions & aid

undergraduate admissions
graduate admissions
apply
costs and budgets
financial aid
summer session
ucsc extension


campus life

visit ucsc
student success
student organizations
housing and dining
resources for campus community
arts and culture
the santa cruz area
events calendar


news
give














top 15
for making an impact on the world
by princeton review


#1
for racial and gender diversity in leadership
by women’s power gap initiative


gold
for excellence in sustainability
by association for the advancement of sustainability in higher education



leading at the intersection of innovation and social justice.
a global research university with an uncommon emphasis on undergraduate research and education, uc santa cruz is part of the world’s most celebrated system of public higher education, and stands among the most renowned institutions of higher learning.





news



slithering into history
uc santa cruz researchers have completed the first end-to-end genome of the banana slug, ucsc’s endearingly unconventional mascot—a feat that posed a particularly challenging undertaking for campus genomics experts.



music to our ears
alumna gillian welch,  alongside musical partner david rawlings, clinched the best folk album award at the 67th annual grammy awards on feb. 2 for their album woodland.



beloved ms. blue resurfaces
ms. blue, an 87-foot-long blue whale skeleton, stood at the seymour center for decades—until she had to be taken down recently. now ms. blue may have an encore career: teaching the community about the power of climate-safe innovation.



see more news






voices of the century: césar rojas-bravo, celebrating our celestial bond
césar rojas bravo, a ph.d. candidate in astronomy, shows how all humanity is linked by the vast canopy of our shared night sky.

see all videos




to lead means …





creating real change
students at uc santa cruz learn from incredible faculty, develop new skills through hands-on research opportunities, and have a track record of making an impact. what kind of a pathbreaker, innovator, or changemaker will you become?


chart your course









serving our society
world-class researchers at uc santa cruz unlock mysteries and help to transform our world, addressing some of our most pressing needs—from decoding cancer to protecting our natural environment to creating art that challenges assumptions. what will you contribute?


learn about our impact









shaping our future
a global community of students, faculty, staff, and alumni, we are committed to climate and economic resiliency for our local and coastal environments through multidisciplinary research, and sustainable and equitable practices.


build a stronger world






become a banana slug, and lead the change.




get ready for your future
uc santa cruz graduates are sought after for their knowledge, skills, and passion. whether you plan to start working right away, or pursue graduate school or professional school, your uc santa cruz degree will help you on your way.
explore our majors and start your future.


see for yourself
one of the most extraordinary campuses in the world, uc santa cruz pairs high-impact research with 10 residential colleges—offering students the experience of a small liberal arts college with the depth and rigor of a major research university. 
take a tour virtually or in person.


here to help
a uc degree is worth it—and we can help you pay for it. our financial aid program is one of the best out there. it supports students in all kinds of ways, whatever their background—with grants, scholarships, low-interest loans, and more. 
get the details on different kinds of financial aid.






your journey awaits.
when you become a banana slug, you join a community of artists, innovators, creators, and justice seekers united in using their voices to change the world.

apply now












facebook
instagram
linkedin
mastodon
threads
tiktok
youtube
feedback












last modified: feb 07, 2025 




