  home - tavern league of wisconsin             
 skip to content  log in   join tlw   directory    menu aboutmissionmember benefitsthe foundationleadershipcommitteesleague leader directoryaffiliate directorystaffawardssaferideabout saferidefind a saferide providersaferide mobile appgovernment affairsissues & winscontact your officialspolitical contributions (pacs)government linkswisconsin beverage alcohol lawsdor newslettereducationfood safety classesbartender coursesnewspartnershipssponsorshipcorporate membersindustry partnerscharitable organizationsadvertise with uson premise advertisingwebsite advertisingevents & fundraisers2025 spring conferenceattendeesexhibitorscalendar of eventsfoundation golf outinglegislative dayleague leaders daylas vegas meet-uptavern of the gamefootball crazrfoundation rafflebasketball crazrcalendar rafflemember resourcesmember hubtlw member appwhy join?exclusive member benefitsdor saleswebsite how-to’s    welcome to the tavern league of wisconsin    directory  directory    application  join    calendar  calendar    login  log infounded in 1935, the tavern league of wisconsin is the largest trade association in the united states to exclusively represent the interests of licensed beverage retailers. the wisconsin tavern league foundation, the 501c3 non-profit charitable arm of the organization, provides financial support for thousands of wisconsin charities, as well as the tavern league’s saferide program. mark your calendar   new alcohol provisions to go into effect may 1, 2024 reduces penalty for retailer-to retailer beer purchasesthe bill lowers the penalty from a felony to a civil forfeiture not to exceed $100 for a tavern to purchase 15 cases of beer a month from a liquor store without going through a wholesaler.  a similar provision currently exists in state law for the purchase of up to 12 liters of booze a month.creates uniform closing hours for retailers and producersthe bill requires all breweries to have the same closing times as class b licensed establishments.increases saferide fundingthe bill will increase the owi surcharge for the tlw saferide program by 33%.  in addition the bill will expand the use of the saferide program to all license holders in wisconsin for a 6 month period.  the tlw will coordinate with non-members to use our saferide program and we will solicit them to join the tlw to have permanent use of saferide as well as all tlw programs.  this change represents a great opportunity to recruit new tlw members.requires saferide program notification upon license issuancethe new law requires municipalities to provide information regarding a free six month participation in the tlw saferide program every time a liquor/beer license is issued.  this change will introduce the tlw and our saferide program to every applicant for a liquor license in wisconsin.  this change will present the opportunity to increase membership in the tlw as well as our saferide program.allows recapping bottles of winethe bill allows an opened, unfinished bottle of wine to be removed from the restaurant if, among the other requirements, it is recapped with the original cap, rather than recorked.clarifies axe throwing facility licensingthe bill permits a retail license to be issued for an axe throwing facility and allow an underage person to be on the premises. expands brewery winery and distillery retail sales / full service taprooms creates statutory framework for contract production expands small winery cooperative wholesaler permit to include distilled spirits clarifies hard seltzers as fermented malt beverages doubles brewpub production and self-distribution caps removes cap on number of production permits for intoxicating liquor creates wine only bars / remove certain class c wine license restrictions increases the number of manufacturer’s permits per legal entity standardizes hours of operation for nonretail activity allows producers to bring alcohol beverages to licensed retailers to provide free samples allows brewpubs to satisfy permit requirement through sale of beer from another brewpub expands availability of winery permits to manufacturers and rectifiers allows premixing of cocktails by class b license holders clarifies taxation of alcohol sales between producers allows wineries to sell wine to other producers following provisions effective december 8, 2023 extends closing hours during republican national conventionthe bill creates a closing hour exception, during a 2024 national political convention in milwaukee, for class “b,” “class b,” and “class c” licensed retailers, and for producers' full-service retail outlets and production premises, located in kenosha, racine, walworth, rock, milwaukee, waukesha, jefferson, dane, ozaukee, washington, dodge, columbia, sheboygan, or fond du lac county. under the bill, during the convention period, the closing hours are between 4 a.m. and 6 a.m.  however, a municipality may designate a retailer or producer as ineligible or disqualified for the extended closing hour and may, by ordinance, opt out of the extended closing hour during the convention. creates division of alcohol beveragescreates the division of alcohol beverages (division) attached to the enforcement functions to the division. following provisions effective january 1, 2024 modifies cross-tier restrictions to allow incidental and indirect interests following provisions effective january 1, 2025 creates statewide alcohol beverage seller/server licenseunder provisions of the bill the department of revenue will create an operator’s license which can be acquired through the dor website and will be permitted for use statewide.  local governments can still issue an operator’s license but this change will provide much more flexibility to employers and bartenders to quickly obtain a license from the dor which can be used statewide.expands small winery cooperative wholesaler permit to include distilled spirits imposes common carrier and fulfillment house requirements following provisions effective january 1, 2026 creates public place and event venue regulationsrequires wedding barns and event venues to obtain the proper alcohol license in order to operate. all wedding barns and event venues will now be required to have a liquor license to hold events.  that provision of the bill has a delayed effective date of 24 months.  wedding barns and event venues will be required to purchase all alcohol through a licensed wholesaler and no longer allow people to bring in their own alcohol. upcoming events  quick links   food safety    mobile app    saferide    calendar raffle    government affairs    contact us  news new maps  march 1, 2024 last spring, milwaukee county circuit court judge janet protasiewicz easily won election to the open seat on the wisconsin supreme court. her election swung the balance of the court to a 4-3 liberal majority setting in motion the rewriting of wisconsin’s legislative districts. shortly after her swearing in to the court the new liberal majority granted writ to a case seeking to rewrite all state legislative districts. in december, in a 4-3 ruling, the state supreme court ruled wisconsin’s legislative districts were unconstitutional and required new maps to be in place by the 2024 election. the court set a deadline of march 15th for new maps to be in place. they provided alternative options to establish new maps and if the legislature and governor could not agree on new maps the court would establish new districts. on february 19, 2024, governor evers signed legislation he introduced rewriting wisconsin’s legislative districts thereby bringing an end to the long legal battle to create new legislative districts. republicans currently hold sizable majorities in both houses. in the state senate republicans have a 22-11 advantage and, in the assembly, hold a 64-35 majority. without question the democrats will gain seats in both houses as a result of the new maps but republicans should be able to retain majorities in both houses. all 99 assembly seats are up for election in 2024 while the even numbered seats of the state senate will face election. the new maps create 43 paired legislators, 7 open seats in the senate and 15 open seats in the assembly. the pairing of 43 legislators means at least 22 legislators will not be coming back in districts they are currently representing. some may move to run in open seats. for the first time in nearly 20 years legislative democrats will have a chance to make significant gains in the legislature but not likely to take control in either house. paired legislators (new maps put these legislators in the same district) paired republican senators: john jagler – joan ballweg julian bradley – van wanggaard rob cowles – eric wimberger – andre jacque dan knold – duey stroebel paired democrat senators: melissa agard – kelda roys paired r/d senators jesse james (r) – jeff smith (d) paired republican representatives: john macco – shae sortwell amy binsfeld – paul tittl ty bodden – ron tusler tyler august – amanda nedewski elijah behnke – david steffen william penterman – jon plumber nate gustafson – mike schraa james edming – rob summerfield nik rettinger – chuck wichgers donna rozar – john spiros cindi duchow – scott johnson paired democrats mike bare – alex joers paired r/d representatives bob donovan (r) – dan reimer (d) karen hurd (r) – jodi emerson (d) read more tavern league of wisconsin partners with hogs for heroes to purchase bike for war veteran from neenah  august 22, 2022 august 28, 2022 – this week, army national guard veteran, master sergeant jake spangenberg of neenah becomes the ninth wisconsin… read more may is national tavern month  may 9, 2022 celebrating the social and economic impact of wisconsin’s bars, taverns and restaurants the tavern league of wisconsin (tlw), along with… read more © 2025 tavern league of wisconsin  |  site by growthzone    get in touch!      608-270-8591tlw food safety hotline: 608-296-9226fax #: 414-464-0850       11801 w. silver spring dr #200milwaukee, wi 53225       info@tlw.org  additional resourcescontact usprivacy policyfaqs [coming soon] stay connected!    facebook      twitter      instagram      linkedin      youtube   © 2025 tavern league of wisconsin.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top            


