





bail.com – california bail bonds – find california bail bondsman.





























































		skip to content








 











 
northern california 408-482-7822















 
southern california 714-714-4000




















when you have hit the wall, and don’t know who to call… bail.com bail bonds has got it all! 



someone you know in custody? not sure?
for immediate bail assistance call 







 
800-662-0056






















						had to call on a bail bond company to help out a friend in need. they were incredibly professional in handling our situation giving us options and information. they know their business and worked tirelessly for us. i would recommend them to anyone found in a situation they didn’t ever expect to be in!					


deavina e.happ client 


















							with knowledgable california bail bonds agents located throughout the state, we can be at your side at any time and any place. contact us now to get the lowest price allowed by law.						








							sean’s bail bonds has a combined 60 years of experience assist people with san jose bail bonds. sean and his staff can help you almost anywhere in santa clara county. we come to you!						








							o.c. bail service 24/7/365 provides orange county bail bonds. we offers fast, reliable and confidential bail bonds. they are located centrally in the county to assist you at any hour of the day or night.						











open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year! 







we pride ourselves on delivering world-class customer service to all our clients, no matter when you need us the most!everything can be done electronicallywe use the latest technology available, to make this potentially stressful situation as easy as possible!we have payment plans available!our team are professionally trained solutions consultants, if there is a way, we will find it 




























submit

























bail bonds by bail.com – the guarantee 











with the power of bail.com’s team of professionals we provide clients with superb value; high quality expertise, innovative technology, superior service and support when posting bail for a friend or family member.bail.com bail bonds – “it’s all in the name”call now!!! 800-662-0056 







							our promise

lowest rates allowed by law
no interest payment plans
24 hours 7 days a week
you have the right to
affordable bail
friendly staff
collateral is not always necessary
self bail with no cosigners
collect calls
 










 








need help? call our experienced staff at 800-662-0056 









 





















  























© 2024 bail.com bail bonds universal california // insurance license 1841473 
















scroll to top































