













the complete guide to the alexander technique - the complete guide to the alexander technique













































 




↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.








            the complete guide to the alexander technique
comprehensive guide to alexander technique resources wordwide. 


 


home
alexander technique

the alexander technique and its benefits
scientific research/medical endorsements
what happens during an at lesson or class?
self study
students’ stories
who was f m alexander?
john dewey and f m alexander
alexander technique illustrated quotes
interactive resources


find a teacher

find a teacher
north america
great britain
other countries
distance learning
no cost alexander technique lessons project


applications

general information
posture
pain
stress
breathing
sports and fitness
horseback riders
pregnancy/childbirth/parenting
yoga
martial arts
spiritual development
seniors
surgery recovery


performers
musicians
podcast
videos

youtube channel


blog
constructive rest
books & dvds
for at students & teachers

alexander technique illustrated quotes


related websites

at podcast
at videos
at teacher training
more…


links
contact & support




 



your global online resource for the alexander technique since 1997
welcome to the complete guide to the alexander technique – the most comprehensive source for information about the alexander technique on the web.an alexander technique teacher shows you how to move with less stress on your body.the alexander technique is for you if you are ready to feel more comfortable in your daily activities.
the alexander technique can also help you if:

you suffer from repetitive strain injury or carpal tunnel syndrome.
you have a backache or stiff neck and shoulders.
you become uncomfortable when sitting at your computer for long periods of time.
you are a singer, musician, actor, dancer or athlete and feel you are not performing at your full potential.

below you’ll find 4 introductory videos and 2 introductory podcasts about the alexander technique:


﻿

more videos at alexandervideo.com
listen to or download a very short description of the alexander technique >>
listen to or download a longer description of the alexander technique >>

listen to or download many more podcasts about the alexander technique >>
 
back to top >>
 

 




this site is a service of: online alexander technique posture and movement coaching
alexander technique nebraska and toronto

please support this site












 no cost alexander technique lessons project

alexander technique forum a facebook discussion group for anyone with an interest in the alexander technique.
click here to join!
you can also follow the complete guide to the alexander technique on facebook  to get the latest news on alexander technique developments worldwide – articles, videos, audio interviews and more…
the alexander technique youtube channel

search the search button below allows you to quickly search several key alexander technique websites for specific information about the technique using key words or phrases of topics or, if you’re searching for an alexander technique teacher in your area, location:


 
related sites 
alexander podcast
alexander video
body learning blog
posture page
pilates and alexander technique
physical therapy and alexander technique
ergonomics and alexander technique
alexander technique teacher training
up with gravitysm
centered walking
alexander audio
alexander talk
marjorie barstow – master at teacher


 




 the time and costs needed to maintain and update this website are made possible by the generous support of our sponsors:
looking for a top-tier essay writing service online? essayhub is your answer!
training and supplements on fitclubfinder
if you’re struggling to meet your deadlines, consider searching for “research paper writing services near me” for professional help and guidance.
copycopter ai video generator from text
struggling with your college essays? discover the ultimate solution with the college essay writing service essaypro get expertly crafted essays that meet your academic standards and deadlines.
pick a suitable subscription plan and download vpn for windows now for your desktop or laptop. stay safe anywhere, anytime with veepn for pc
casinos not on gamstop
check a list of non gamstop casinos at https://www.nongamstopbets.com/casinos-not-on-gamstop that are the best in the united kingdom
find recommended uk casinos not on gamstop with exclusive deals and fast registration.
are you looking for casinos without gamstop exclusion? only sites at nonstopcasino available for gamstop players 24/7. register and play the best games.
discover top-rated casinos not on gamstop for a seamless and unrestricted gambling experience in the united kingdom.
looking for 1 nzd online casinos to pay one dollar and get a bonus? new zealanders can check $1 dollar casinodeps sites with the best $1.00 offers.
by offering low deposits, minimumdepositcasinos.org intends to encourage responsible gambling habits and reduce the risk of problem gambling.
you can find the best casinos without swedish license at https://casino-utan-svensk-licens.net
topnoaccountcasinos
nettikasinot.media  list and review all the best online casinos available.
if you are after new casino sites, norgesspill is the place to go!
visit the online casino resource nett casino if you are after the best casinos in norway!
find new casinos not on gamstop at nongamstopcasinos.net/gb, where the best uk slots are available for self-exclusion players
if you want to find online casinos in finland, visit our site kasinohai.com/nettikasinot to get started.
find the best and most updated list of casinos without swedish license at kasinoutansvensklicens.com
searching for high-quality online casinos that accept new zealanders and offer a wide choice of games? at nz casinohex you’ll find only the best gambling operators!
find the best casinos without swedish license and game pause at https://casinoutanspelpaus.io

 3

 

©2025 - the complete guide to the alexander technique  
 - weaver xtreme theme   
 

↑











