  wholesale womens clothing manufacturers and supplier india - esika world   
 
 skip to content
 homeabout uscategorysuitskurtiskaftansindowesternpatiyala/shararatestimonialblogcontact us
 menuhomeabout uscategorysuitskurtiskaftansindowesternpatiyala/shararatestimonialblogcontact us


enquire now

india’s leading manufacturer & wholesaler of premium women’s ethnic wear




explore now



 play video
years of experience

0
+
professionals

0
+
countries worldwide

0
+take your business to the next level with esika - the trusted wholesaler & manufacturers of indian clothing in indiaelevate your business collection with our high-quality ethnic wear for women. as a leading manufacturer, we offer a wide range of indian ethnic outfits featuring intricate hand embroidery and unique designs.
suits
kurtis
kaftans
indowestern
patiyala/sharara


 


 


 


 


 


 play video
wholesale ethnic clothing manufacturer and supplier in indiathe beautiful assortment of diversity in india is first observed in its distinct garments. for over 2 decades bonanza enterprises’ premium brand of ethnic wear esika has served as a leading exporter and manufacturer of women indian ethnic wear in india. we are a renowned premium brand for ethnic wear. endeavoring to provide optimum services, we manufacture ladies ethnic wear in multiple sizes. operating in mumbai our designers research emerging fashion trends and develop exquisite designs that are then executed by our innovative craftsmen resulting in the formulation of premium quality products. each design is available in universal sizes from small to 7xl, tailor-made to generate a feeling of comfort in every woman while the beautiful hand embroidery work, is exceedingly appealing to the eyes…


explore our story

product catalog: a collection of  premium ethnic fashion for your business
experience a carefully curated catalog of exquisite ethnic fashion, celebrating india’s rich culture and craftsmanship. find the perfect fusion of traditional and contemporary styles.

suits


indowestern


kaftan


kurtis


patiyala sharara

 previous
 nextelevate your fashion brand with our premium solutions –quality, style, and successawait!


request bulk pricing


explore our fashion showcase

manniquin v/s model#manufacturer #export #kaftan
 


wanna be the chammak challo? wear @esika.world ind
 


#kurtis has become a staple in the world of #fashi


 


christmasy vibes with esika’s #kurtis and #short


 


we have #officewear or regular #pujavibes collecti


 


spreading the indian-ness globally 😍
 


beautiful prints made in kaftan in bright and fest


 


#ethnicwear #fashionblogger #shopping #dress #indi


 

load more






 follow on instagram


explore our fashion showcase



 play videoesika world l ethnic wear l shararas and patiyalas l festive wear l weddingshararas and patiyalas are perfect for any festive occasion and to find a reliable manufacturer and wholesaler is always a task



 play videoesika world l ethnic wear l shararas and patiyalas l festive wear l weddingshararas and patiyalas are perfect for any festive occasion and to find a reliable manufacturer and wholesaler is always a taskesika world l ethnic wear l shararas and patiyalas l festive wear l weddingshararas and patiyalas are perfect for any festive occasion and to find a reliable manufacturer and wholesaler is always a task



 play videoesika world l ethnic wear l shararas and patiyalas l festive wear l weddingshararas and patiyalas are perfect for any festive occasion and to find a reliable manufacturer and wholesaler is always a task
 play video



 play videorecent blogs
stay up-to-date with fashion by reading our blogs with lots of fashion updates & tips.



4 ways to style a short kurti this season			the summer breeze is here and so are the hot flashes and hence, starts the fishing out of the summer wardrobe from when it was tucked inside right after the

read more »		



5 things you need to know before buying ladies suits wholesale			dive into the wholesale world of ladies’ suits with essential tips and insights, guiding you through a successful buying journey in fashion wholesale.  the wholesale

read more »		

7 strategies to boost your business with a kurti manufacturer			in the fashion industry, staying ahead means consistently offering fresh, high-quality products. these products must resonate with your customers. let’s explore 7 strategies to boost

read more »		 google reviews of our customers     good       based on 39 reviews                       sujay roy  2023-04-01   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. very good             rebeca joseph  2023-04-01   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. good quality and best designs for women clothes.             dinesh chauhan  2022-10-14   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. nice women's clothing manufacturer and wholesaler. especially for buying kaftan, shararas, kurtis, and anarkali. they had different collections of party wear or daily wear. esika world is a great place for buying women's clothes in bulk. they have different varieties of women's kurtis, dresses, etc. "esika world is the best wholesaler of women's clothing very satisfied with the service."             prem joshi  2022-10-10   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. very good collection, nice service response, super quality dress, premium brands, various varieties of dress like kaftan, short kurti, anarkali, sharara etc...
overall very nice place for bulk purchases of ladies kurtis.             utkarsha thakur  2022-09-29   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. "reasonable price premium kurtis with latest collection available. esika is great ladies kurtis manufacturer and wholesaler in mumbai. i suggest retailers and exporters must visit once."             sagufta sajim  2022-01-03   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. 👍👍             

 
esika is a classic masterpiece of ethnic wear in india. we are a leading brand in women clothing. our ethnic designs are adjacent to the cultural root and contemporary style.


whatsapp
 



facebook-f
 



instagram
 



youtube
 
quick links

homeabout uscategoryblogtestimonialcontact ushomeabout uscategoryblogtestimonialcontact uscategories

suitskurtiskaftansindowesternpatiyala/shararasuitskurtiskaftansindowesternpatiyala/shararacontact



 
shop no: 6, bhasin house, khar pali road near khar telephone exchange, khar (w), mumbai – 400 052


 
+91 9819761364


 
info@esikaworld.com
copyright 2025 © all right reserved | design & developed by

 
 



get in touch				







              




