










modular home builders association- learn about modular homes





























































 
 





















skip to content




























 
about history & mission hall of fame board of directors code of conduct stafffind a builder find a builder find a manufacturer find an associate member list member spotlights request a quotemodular home floorplanshome of the month winners submit a homeevents calendar of events national modular housing conferenceresources articles faq modular home buyers guide cap marketing why modular









join










 







 





modular home builders association






ready. set. built! | modular means more.™























why choose modular? 
 
















modular home buyers guide 
 
















find a modular builder 
 
















request a quote 
 















what we do: custom modular homes






the modular home builders association is the only national organization dedicated exclusively to serving modular home builders and manufacturers. we strive to increase awareness of the value of modular construction by consumers, suppliers, builders, and government officials; it advocates public policies that make modular building systems available on a cost-effective basis. the mhba serves as a forum where members, suppliers, and builders work together for the purpose of fostering the exchange of information and innovation in the modular industry.
in an effort to improve construction productivity and efficiency, the mhba promotes the advantages of residential modular construction to builders, government agencies and the general public. mhba also advocates at the state and federal level to ensure a fair and competitive playing field for the industry.







about mhba










monthly newsletter!






subscribe to the modular home builders association newsletter for the latest info on mhba and modular housing, including the home of the month and up-to-date information on the national modular housing conference. don't miss out!








sign up for the mhba monthly newsletter















































modular homes of the month







featuring:
builder: virginia building solutions, llc
manufacturer: ritz craft homes
the modular home of the month showcase allows mhba member companies to display their projects to architects, engineers, contractors, developers, owners, students, and more.







click here to learn more about this home



























modular home of the year winners






under 2,500 sq ft first place winner:
modern mountain cottage retreat
manufacturer: affinity, a vantem company
location: cashiers, nc

over 2,500 sq ft first place winner:
two story luxury
builder: zarrilli homes
manufacturer: excel homes








see the winners!
























































modular buyer's guide: getting started building your modern modular home






new for 2024: this invaluable guide includes articles and tips that cover every aspect of buying and building your modular home.







download the complete guide




















"modular means more": nice slogan, but what does that mean?






what if you could combine the speed of construction, quality control, and ease of installation of a hud code manufactured housing product with the durability and long term value of a site built home constructed to the international residential code (irc)? well, that’s exactly what we mean when we say, “modular means more.”







learn more








































the latest in modular housing




















celebrating 20 years of excellence: virginia building solutions


celebrating 20 years of excellence virginia building solutions virginia building solutions is proud to mark 20 years of delivering high-quality, custom modular homes. since its founding, the company has built a reputation for innovation, craftsmanship, and outstanding customer service, earning numerous industry accolades along the way. with a decade of membership in the modular home…
















inside the industry: champion homes


inside the industry champion homes champion homes has been a respected name in modular and manufactured housing for decades, offering high-quality homes tailored to diverse lifestyles and budgets. with a strong network of builders and a focus on efficiency, sustainability, and customization, champion continues to be a significant presence in modern home construction. customization meets…
















featured conversation: ritz – craft custom homes


feature conversation ritz-craft custom homes this month, we spoke with mike zangardi from ritz-craft custom homes to discuss their approach to modular home construction, their manufacturing process, and their commitment to quality and employee relations. a family-owned legacy in modular homebuilding founded in 1954, ritz-craft custom homes has remained a privately held, family-owned company for…
















new member spotlight: bonnavilla


new member spotlight: bonnavilla   the modular home builders association is pleased to welcome bonnavilla, a division of chief industries, as our newest member. based in aurora, nebraska, bonnavilla has been a trusted modular home manufacturer since 1970, serving families and developers across the midwest. a legacy of stability and growth bonnavilla began as a…
















pros and cons of modular homes


the pros of modular homes include lower costs over traditional construction methods, better quality, improved construction speed, and better resilience while the cons consist of a bit more complicated financing process, lack of customization, and the social stigma that is the consequence of the low-quality of modular homes in the past. in this article, we…
















2023 home of the year winners announced!


announced at the mhba 2023 annual conference & housing summit, we are happy to present the 2023 mhba modular homes of the year. the mhba annual conference & modular housing summit is the most comprehensive meeting anywhere for modular home builders, architects, engineers, developers, and suppliers. the modular home builders association provides professionals in residential modular construction a place to network, exchange ideas, learn from experts, discuss issues, and grow professionally.
















more than ever, the modular future is now


in 2007, the united states faced a housing crisis that caused the great recession and had economic ramifications for years. some people called it the subprime mortgage crisis. one cause of the crisis is that lenders gave loans to potential homeowners even if the buyers couldn’t afford them.
















is modular housing the solution to the housing crisis?


in 2007, the united states faced a housing crisis that caused the great recession and had economic ramifications for years. some people called it the subprime mortgage crisis. one cause of the crisis is that lenders gave loans to potential homeowners even if the buyers couldn’t afford them.
















creating affordable energy-efficient housing through modular building


it feels like everyone — consumers and contractors alike — is looking for ways to improve their homes’ energy efficiency. thanks to climate change, dangerously hot summers and brutally cold winters make it more challenging to keep structure interiors comfortable. 
















ways a modular home can save you money


are modular homes cheaper than site built homes? why are modular homes cheaper than site built homes?






















featured manufacturers and sponsors






























































































































































































































modular home builders for your perfect home
home is the most important place in our everyday lives. thus, it has to be perfectly polished, every detail has to be taken care of. for that, you need to find someone who can relate to your needs and fulfill them – the ideal builder.
at modular home builders association, we help you with this mission. not only do we provide you with our expertise in the form of our buyer’s guide, but also give you the opportunity to choose from 50 experienced builders to find the one that will align with your plans. one with whom you will build the modular home of your dreams.
modular home – the house of the future
innovation is our priority, and modular homes fit into it. they are the solution to many current problems, including the housing market crisis and sustainability. by choosing our modular home builders, you opt for a house that will be constructed with low material waste, thus in a more sustainable manner. a house that will be more affordable than a site-constructed one and require you to obtain land only. a truly modern home built from high-quality materials.
modular home builders association – homes built in days that will last for years
what characterizes modular homes prepared by the builders in our association are quick construction and exceptional quality. with us, your home will be over 30% faster than with regular site-construction. to add to that, due to factory-controlled construction, you can trust your modular home builders to leave you with a house that is truly flawless. this quality is proven by the long-term value of modular homes, which does not drop over time. thus, if you wish for a home that is exceptional and quick to build, request a quote and discover how we can help you fulfill your dream.















































 












© 2025 modular home builders association
 | 
site by growthzone
























modular home builders association









phone icon and link




434-328-2387 










google map




285 hydraulic ridge road, suite 6charlottesville, virginia 22901 usa 










email icon and link




info@modularhome.org 










stay connected







login










facebook icon





linkedin icon





instagram icon



















 © 2025 modular home builders association.  all rights reserved | privacy policy 








 





















