







unabomber false flag environmental terrorism promoted depopulation.
























the original site they invented shadow bans for and it is still banned 23 years later
20 years of false flag environmental terrorisim
	focused the narrative on the environment,... the stated justification for depopulation and mass murder.






you can't create the most wanted poster from the suspects photograph and then years later claim you didn't know who he was. 
	the first two of the three most-wanted sketches in the unabomber case were computer generated by an early morphing process from 
	ted kaczynski's  berkley photograph. imperfections and shadows from the 60's era snapshot passed thru to the printed sketch.
	examine the  sketch and the photo 
	side by side here. the relationship is undeniable. the resulting morphed sketch was published in time magazine etc a decade before the arrest, before the public understood the word 'morph'.
	they would have no way of knowing why the photo after the arrest would seem to match teds picture and conclude they had 'the right guy' and further inquiry would be limited.
	the sketch was originally hosted on the nasa naic server network where 
	 the morph process itself was created by arecibo telescope scientists around the same time. the fbi agents in the case also got their emails on the same arecibo server (naic.nasa.gov).  
	when nasa scientists saw this they were afraid of becoming targets, panicked and complained. the 
	 washington post printed the story including the rather obvious server url's (http://naic.nasa.gov/fbi/). the sketch, its photo source, 
	and the washington post article all reside at your local library in print in numerous publications for easy confirmation. 
 you can’t create the wanted poster from the suspects photo and publish it nine years before the arrest, 
 with four bombings and two murders to go, and then claim you did not know who he was. 
 it is logically impossible and it conclusively reveals a false flag event. the endlessly headlined 20 year unabomber case was a government sponsored, 
 murderous charade designed to focus the narrative
 on the environment,... the justification for depopulation. 
 the public attitude and mind control techniques so powerfully used to create the pandemic were developed here. this site's in depth examination of the public mind control techniques used and developed in unabom, 
 reveal how its done how it makes you regard the case as funny and not worth examination. the "great unwashed" in this case are left laughing as fools, with mind control implanted feelings of superiority and glee. intelligent discussion becomes impossible. 
 i published this site in the 90s to warn the world how evil and out of control the us government had become, and all i got was i got laughed at while other friends who were also witnesses were being murdered. nobody is laughing now.
 those who laughed with the greatest enthusiasm, and felt so delightfully superior (aka sheeple),  were undoubtably all also first in line for the death shot :) perhaps the unintended bottom line of all this will be
	be a more intelligent, more descriminating, if smaller voter pool with a modicum of humility. ha ha back at em !




face  
			forehead  
		  neck  
			overview  
			publications  
	   
video summary

photo-morph    
fbi-cover-up
   
party
  
sources/methods  
bank deposit
   
mind control



the only unabom eyewitness rejected the first two (morphed) sketches, but the fbi insisted on 
using them for seven years over her objections. they look like kaczynski because they were 
designed to look like kaczynski. they were designed to confirm the arrest after it was eventually made, and assist in closing the case in the publics mind. 
the eyewitness insisted on the third and final sketch by independent artist jean boylan (below). 
after seven years of disputes, they finally relented when the witness threatened to call a press conference about it. 
the witness's sketch, the third produced,  
finally became the known sketch.

the only eyewitness
 to see the bomber in action describes the fbi charade

"heck, who am i? just the witness," she asked
and answered quietly in a single breath. "never mind what i think i
saw. they'll tell me what i saw, and when i tell them it's off base,
they'll just tell me again. that drawing's never been right. i've tried 
to tell them."  [boylan's "portraits of guilt" chapter one]
. 
the witness identity has never been revealed and no reaction to kaczynski's arrest has ever been recorded. 
an unusual number of individuals cited on these pages, however, are missing or dead under suspicious circumstances. (witness page).



witness rejected
ted kaczynski
witness rejected







morphed sketch
morph source
morphed sketch

see computer morphed sketch 






ted kaczynski
boylan sketch
j ray dettling

the mind control spelling test

declarationofdaniel pride


i do hereby depose and swear;
 
nathan r note and handwriting analysis
the nathan r note was a barely visible handwritten note 
	scratched on the 
envelope of the june 1992 letter sent by the unabomber to the ny times. the 
nathan r note is a phone note written in my handwriting by me. [polygraph]  
the letter inside the envelope announced the epstein and gelernter bombs before they went off. 







the bombs went off after the letter was posted, and before it was delivered  
to the ny times. i wrote the "nathan r" note, while sitting at j ray dettling's desk 
in saratoga california, to record a call from nathan salmon to j ray dettling.  
i wrote the note using a pen which had no ink and later recopied the message to give to dettling.
nathan salmon is dettling's common law stepson from his relationship with tessie ann salmon.  
[grant deed] [pi report] i clearly remember the call 
  [houston chronicle] and the act of writing of the note itself. three former associates
recognize the handwriting in the note as being similar to my handwriting.  [college roommates e-mail] 
the format of the note is the 
 exact same format  i used to
record calls at the bohlman road residence (call x followed by an initial for
the person followed by the date and
time the call was received). after initially reading the 
typewritten  
text  of the nathan r note (r for ray) on the internet, i immediately recognized 
the notes format and informed an aid to us senator max baucus (greg devlin, 
polson mt) that the note would be in my handwriting (before i ever saw the image) and that it was recorded 
with a pen without ink. this later was all confirmed. it was in my handwriting, and in a pen without ink. 
the call was the only time i ever talked to 
nathan. during the call i had assumed i was talking to dettling's other son 
aaron, age 14. nathan's abruptness and commanding impatience at my inability to 
find a working pen made the call confusing and memorable. the call was a long 
distance call received in october or november of 1992 on a wednesday at 7 pm. 
when asked for a number nathan said that he would be where ray would know the 
number. handwritten examples describing  
[the call] and  
[manifesto night] 
 
unabomber manifesto
one evening in 
october of 1992 michael hren and i read parts of the unabomber manifesto on dettling's 
computer (three years before it was mailed to the new york times) and discussed it 
extensively with dettling.  dettling arrived home while hren and i were examining the 
manifesto, just as i had used the search command on the word "kill" 
   [polygraph] to locate the sentence:
 
"in order to get our message before the public with some chance of making a lasting impression, we've had to kill people." 
 [unabomber manifesto paragraph p96]

hren immediately asked dettling in a booming voice, "hey ray who'd you kill", intending a 
joke. michael hren reluctantly remembers the incident 
  [voice call], 
but clearly recognizes one line
  [voice call]
of the manifesto from that night  [hren's statement]. earlier in
a two hour call, he in great detail remembered everything, (we both though dettlings reaction to the "who'd ya kill" was hillarious) 
but when i surreptitiously turned on the tape recorder, it hummed on the line and he became very guarded. when asked what the document was, dettling stated that "it was a work of fiction about a serial bomber".
later during a conversation about the unabomber in hren's presence, he cited
four instances of unabomber bombs, defending each. the first three examples
seemed ludicrous to me, particularly the example of the computer store owner and
my reaction was sarcastic "great reason to bomb someone" i commented. i was 
shocked and vividly remember his apparent glee and approval attached to the 
bombings. his fourth instance of unabomber bombings turned out to be a timber lobbyist, citing the timber industry actions on redwoods as a
justification. the justification was a continuance of a prior conversation between us, i am passionate about redwoods. 
"but what if they bombed some big timber industry lobbyist who was cutting down redwoods" was his retort to my defense of the computer store owner.   [polygraph]. 
sacramento timber lobbyist gil murray was murdered two years later by a 
unabomber bomb. during this incident dettling had just returned from an evening 
out, was intoxicated and highly animated.  calls were recorded in colorado
and are legally admissible.
 
patents, unexplained income, nasa, and g.i. joe 








 patents were used for years for a paper trail cover for "black" 
operations payments by the cia to avoid complications with irs etc. for 
example...when the irs asked "where'd ya get the million bucks?".... "for 
murder" was not an acceptable paper trail for a cia operative. over the years 
they used patents instead...until recently, the most confusing and intractable 
paper source in existence. dettling's residence was a palatial multi-million dollar mountaintop complex 
with 12-foot window panels overlooking silicon valley. dettling drove a rare and expensive car. 
his closet had over a dozen high quality fur coats as gifts. 
 [photo]  he spent money freely.  
[phone call]  
but dettling had no substantial job for many years, and no identifiable source of
income other than five us patents. 
the patents trace (via assignee) to companies 
involved in supplying the military, cia, and intelligence agencies. contractors such as united technologies, and
mb associates.  [mitchel page resume] 
and to nasa (see also:  [plain dealer]). 
mb associates employed people such as wwii medal of honor warrior mitchel page, who lead the machine gun defense against japanese charges in the solomon islands in 1942.
it is my opinion that dettling did not have adequate scientific knowledge 
or abilities to create the concepts described by the patents. (patents 
 
[3,771,152],see also  
[3,873,892],  
3,979,052,  
[3,979,052-2], 
[4,021,267], and nasa patent 
  
[4,146,180]).
 
harvard reveals ted kaczynski is an mk-ultra  mind control victim
in june of 2000, harvard university invoices also linked kaczynski to the cia  [la times]
as a subject in the cia mind control program mk-ultra. the brilliant awkward 16 year old kaczynski met with henry a murray 
(of mk-ultra lsd scandal fame) in 1959 on his third day at harvard and every week thereafter. 
[atlantic monthly][cached] 
interestingly, ted kaczynski's mk-ultra codename was "lawful"...mind control 
slang for "eureka here's our guy" !
the public has never heard ted kaczynski's voice to date, nor seen him speak. 
the murder of mk-ultra scientist frank olson was later covered up by donald rumsfeld 
and cheney [rumsfeld] 

bomb parts, photos of bomb parts, and the gelernter switch
dettling's garage was a extensive wood and metal working shop. 
in the middle of the garage was a large pile of unusual wooden objects hidden 
under a large blue tarp. 
during a wine bottling party in the garage i pulled a large 
wooden gear from underneath the tarp and asked ray what it was. he did not answer, but 
when asked what it did, he took a serrated wooden board, placed it against the gear and said, 
"it turns". when he thought none of the six other people present were looking, he
attempted to remove the wire, which was attached to one of the gear teeth by an
oval bronze plate. his movements attracted everyone's attention. he then made
a highly memorable and exaggerated show of trying to remove the wire in front of six
people. michael hren remembers the incident and has with great reluctance stated, 
"he would recognize the gear if anyone 
showed him a picture of the unabomber bomb gear"  [phone call]. the garage also contained a copy of a road 
hazard bomb similar to the one that injured gary wright
   
[washington post]. the prominently displayed item in the garage consisted of two 2x4's with a crown 
of nails in the middle and a rectangular hole (2x8) chiseled/carved in the board 
underneath the crown of nails. the garage also contained an exact duplicate of the epstein/gelernter ignition switch's . 
i held the switch  in my hand and played with the lever during the wooden gear party... one year 
before the gelernter device was sent. 
not detailed in the photo of the bomb residue  is the
fact that the switch had three positions and distinctively "boinged like the end of a swimming pool 

diving board" when the lever was pushed to the middle position (fluctuated back and forth).
upon seeing a photograph of the switch after the bombing, i immediately recognized the pattern of the wood in
the switch body as well as the switch itself in every detail. the switch was a block from the parkay kitchen floor, 
dug out from one side with the switch mechanizim contained in the block. any period photo of the 
bolman residence showing the floor with show the blocks.(future
polygraph). during the same party a number of photographs were taken of the
participants. in one of the photos dettling 
posed with an incendiary device called a fire stick  [photo] 
similar to one used in an
incendiary attack in new york city  [usa today] 
which occurred during the same week as a recognized unabomber attack. attacks 
historically came in pairs  [usa today] . one fire 
stick victim was permanently paralyzed by the attack. assorted other items 
related to unabom devices including grooved wooden dowel actuators were also 
identified from the garage.

repeated ideological arguments of unabomber manifesto issues
dettling and i often
argued technology issues. most of the points of view of the
manifesto were very familiar to me. i immediately recognized a dozen points of 
debate just from the new york times summary of the manifesto. dettling on several occasions argued these
points in public in the bank bar in saratoga. during conversations at the bank
bar, he often seemed to apply the personality archetypes in the manifesto to
bar regulars in conversations. (jim was the liberal, john the conservative etc) 
the manifesto's point that
" the technological elite may simply decide to do away with the technologically disenfranchised"  [phone call] 
was repeated often and in public. 
 [unabomber manifesto p174] 
the aug 1995 new york times article extracting manifesto sample quotes was a virtual list of his favorite sayings.

no investigative response in the face of 10,000 "nathan r" interviews

no federal law enforcement agent has ever interviewed hren, myself or anyone else  [phone call]
concerning the wooden gear, the manifesto, the other bomb parts in the garage,
pre-naming a bombing victim, the nathan r note, or anything else despite 
repeated insistent requests which started 6 months before they supposedly ever heard of
kaczynski. in august 1995 the authorities were supposedly still expecting an airliner to be bombed by the unabomber 
 [la times] and were frantically rerouting and delaying the us mail. 
at that point in time i called in a report that "i recognized the manifesto... i had read it with another possible witness" and gave them hren's work phone number at apple computer. 
to this day they have not
investigated my initial report. additionally, it
is almost humorous that the fbi would 
  interview 10,000 nathans  [ny times]   
 (on overtime no doubt) and refuse to interview the man who passed a polygraph saying he wrote
it, who also provided documentation of who nathan was, and who also supplied anecdotal
handwriting recognition by numerous disinterested third parties......i think something is wrong here :)
 
stamps, dna, louis freeh, and the vanpac assassination of judge robert vance
one evening during the fall of 1992, dettling asked me to lick some stamps. 
i said, "lick your own stamps". he insisted, stating that "they are made of horse hooves and pigs 
feet and it really grosses me out". despite the oddity of the request, i licked several long strings 
of stamps that he applied to a heavily taped manila package. prior to this
dettling had asked everyone in the complex how you use stamps that are less
than the current rate, and was told by nearly everyone several  
times that you just add small denomination stamps. several days later dettling
showed off a heavily taped package to hren and i. we both handled it. hren asked him what it
was. he replied "it was just stuff". when hren attempted to shake it, dettling
reacted visibly saying it was "fragile". it weighted about 5-7 pounds. 
because of these events, i independently (with luckiew's assistance in 1996), examined stamp
books to identify the stamps which resided in dettling's desk drawer. they were issue #2280, 
which is an american flag over a gray yosemite. issue #2280 apparently does not match unabomber
trial evidence (revealed after my report to the fbi). trial evidence noted 4 different types of 
american flag stamps, none of which were #2280. dozens of 2280 stamps and a few loose o'neil 
 [denver post] and
hemmingway stamps resided in the center desk drawer. a box which sat on the corner of the desk for months,
was identical in size, shape, label and wrapping to one used in the bombing murder of federal judge robert vance
 [inspector general report], which also used the same issue of stamp (#2280).
 judge robert vance was an appeals judge with a 
reputation for dogmatic honesty primarily hearing drug cases out of miami
 [toronto star]
, several of which claimed to implicate the cia in drug trafficking. significantly,
a cardboard box with a painted black interior (ala the vanpac device) resided near
the road hazard bomb in the garage (3 years after the vanpac affair). a 4"
square iron plate with a lighter colored thin metal rod vertical to the center (ala the vanpac endplates) also resided nearby
  [atlanta journal]
(see  wooden gear party). i first became aware of a possible vanpac
 connection in november of 2000 when i saw the actual vanpac bomb on
tv and recognized it as identical to the box which had resided on dettling's desk for months, 
however records will show that i very accurately described the
box in letters to san jose detective art kirts as early as 1995. ultimately
seven disparate points of recognition surfaced in reference to the vanpac
device; size, shape, wrapping, label, stamps, black painted interior surface of
a cardboard box, and iron endplate with welded vertical steel rod. at one point 
during the many hours i spent in his office, i noted that the box which sat on 
dettling's desk was addressed to a judge, but i can not recall the name or 
address specifically. at that 
time i assumed the package must be related to one of his patents/inventions and 
was surprised by the southern address (i was aware that there was a special 
patent court in dc).  testimonial evidence of a government directed cover-up
[atlanta journal] of the murder of judge robert
vance later surfaced in federal appeals court testimony. 
the prosecutor in the vanpac case, prior to his appointment to head the fbi as fbi director, was 
louis freeh. 
recently, fbi agent thurman's fabrication of evidence in the vanpac case against moody was accepted as 
impeachment of thurman's testimony in the lockerby case. fbi agent frederick 
whitehurst's congressional report also accused agent thurman of fabricating evidence 
[doj] in the murder of judge robert vance 
  [le monde] additional evidence surfaced in the twa800 
bombing case against thurman.  [flight 800: the missing evidence] 
[net] 
j. thomas thurman was "suspended" from the fbi in 1997. 
it would be interesting to see how he lives today.
  [vanpac news history] see also: 
 in search of justice
possible photo of unabomber id individual
 in june of 1993 the unabomber gave a secret number formatted as a social 
security number as his identifying code to avoid imitators speaking for him. 
the individual whose social security number matched the id  [la times] 
was a 23 year old man with a criminal record who had a tattoo on his left arm, 
which said purewoods (or in some reports pure wood), and was in jail during one of the bombings. 
during a party to bottle a barrel of wine, one of the photos is of a tenant named sean 
[photo] 
who had a purewoods tattoo on his left arm and a prior criminal record. the individual with the 
social security number was ruled out as the unabomber because he was in jail during one of the
bombings in june 1993. sean was in an auto incident in the palo alto area in the
spring of 1993, during which he fled, and it is assumed, was later
incarcerated. however, dettling was also incarcerated on a traffic situation in
the early spring of 1993, and pure wood is apparently a common racist tattoo.
whoever the individual is, the individual must have been close enough to the
unabomber for the bomber to get his ss#. sean filled out a rental application
at dettling's house, and left on very bad terms including an accusation of tool 
theft. the
individual disappeared shortly after being interviewed by the fbi 
  [ny times], but probably mentioned the event to friends. 
what if sean had "put it together" during the interview, had he "cased" the 
garage, gaining knowledge to his detriment?

ted from montana named as document author
during the 1992 conversation about the manifesto between hren, dettling, and myself,
dettling asked me that since i was from montana (my car had montana plates at the time) did i know ted x. 
i cannot recall the last name he stated, but i clearly remember initially thinking of
ted vaughn. ted vaughn  [alumni bulletin] was north yarmouth academy class of 67 with my brother.
vaughn returned from montana with pictures of the state my freshman year, and
my family wound up vacationing and later moving there for a time. i have
thereafter always associated ted vaughn with montana. since the last name he
used was clearly not vaughn, i replied no, i did not know the person. dettling
then responded in an offhand manner that "some guy named ted x in montana writes
this stuff" his comments were in passing but left the clear
impression that he did not know kaczynski personally  [polygraph].
during the same conversation he also discussed earth first, however again, i did
not sense any personal connection with the organization on his part.

shrapnel marks in a sound-proof room
dettlings house included a separate building with a soundproof band room downstairs and an
apartment upstairs. the walls of the band room (particularly the right wall)
were speckled with irregular holes, which clearly appeared to be shrapnel from
one or more explosions. i have tape recorded a conversation
  [phone call] with another former
tenant (jackie miller) who also remembers the shrapnel. hard evidence may
still exist at this location. dettling's mansion was party central. during the
five months i lived there at least 50 people spent entire evenings in this room
and band practice was held there regularly. in 1995 the unabomber complained 
about problems finding a location  [london times] to test his devices.
nighthawks movie, the new york times and the washington post
 
one afternoon in the fall of 1992 dettling invited doug gondor and i into the master suite to watch the movie "nighthawks"
 on a vcr starring sylvester stallone and rutger hauer  [nighthawks].
the movie is about a terrorist who tried and failed to have a manifesto published by the new
york times and the washington post. the unabomber manifesto
was published on demand in both papers three years later. others
were probably shown the same movie by dettling at other times. it is similarly noteworthy that i wrote the nathan r note in late oct of 1992, 
but it did not arrive at the new york times until june of 1993. several unabom devices had addresses which were a year or more out 
of date. doug gondor died the day after meeting with marcus bryant, a close dettling associate, at his home in grants pass oregon. 
cremation occured before the family arrived at the morgue later that same day, and despite a request for an autopsy. his death followed
 an extended phone conversation with me, during which he recalled the movie incident and many others.
 the nighthawks movie's demand for a manifesto published in the ny times and washington post appears no where currently on the internet in searchable text.
 the coincidence was unmentioned throughout the entire case and referred to only as "outrageous demands" in movie reviews. 
 the only place you can find it today is at the time marker 1:04:38 in the actual movie.

isopropyltrimethylmethane (shit on speed)
for example, is an astronomer, 
a mathematician or an entomologist curious about the properties of isopropyltrimethylmethane? of course not. [unabomber manifesto p87]

during a conversation in dettling's living room with six people present, one of the other
tenants (sean), was discussing a crime on tv news
about an unusual murder with some admiration. dettling stated that that was a
stupid way to kill someone, that the smart way to do it was to mickey them with
a chemical that contained the words "methyl-methane", which would cause them to die
of cancer with no one the wiser. he gave a long detailed description of its 
gruesome effects, that it would embed into the tissues and by irritation over 
time cause cancer. the sophisticated sounding name created an hysterical reaction
among the listeners, especially when i stated that it sounded like "shit on
speed". it seemed outrageously ludicrous at the time. the term "shit on speed"
 became a household joke for several weeks
thereafter. the isopropyltrimethylmethane chemical cited in the manifesto does not exist.
(i.e. methyl for meth or speed, methane for shit). sean,
his girlfriend reann, hren, and doug, dettling and i were present.

heavily used carbon paper
dettling's center
desk drawer contained a stack of approximately 100 sheets of carbon paper,
which were heavily used multiple times. i was very curious about this in an office that
contained a computer, laser printer and a photocopier. finding it humorous that 
"mr. science" was still using carbon paper, i showed them to hren on
one occasion and hren examined them and remarked that they showed a number of
words which were heavily xxx'd out. copies of the manifesto were
distributed by the bomber on carbon paper copies with numerous errors. 
  [la times] 
melanie, another girlfriend of rays, made offhand comments about ray's crazy typing 
to me on two occasions, and thought it wildly funny. she, i belive was  present during the 
actual typing of the carbon copies of the manifesto. i have been unable to determine her fate to date, but am concerned.

fc jokes about terrorism
dettling often repeated a joke several
times, in front of numerous people, often in public circumstances in 1992 
and 1993... the "joke" went 
"i am going to start a terrorist group called the 
fucking cunts  [la times] because its so crazy no one will ever believe it". 
 roommate jackie miller remembers hearing this joke.  [phone call] 
 the letters "fc" were a recognizable trademark of unabomber bombs.

unabomber wig displayed in a gay parody
dettling had three
wigs in his lower right hand desk drawer, which matched the hair in the sketch.
they were curly locks approximately the same length as the hair in the sketch
(blond, brown, and black). during a party in his office, i removed the wigs and
made fun of him in front of two other people (hren and michelle). ray put on
one of the wigs and a false mustache and danced around the room in a parody of a gay person to
everyone's amusement. given dettlings similarity to the sketch the wigs
complete the picture  [photo].

unabomber disguised for a trip to the fridge
on one occasion i
observed dettling parading around the complex in a white robe and hood wearing
dark aviator glasses and a wig, which appears in memory to match the sketch. it
was during one of those periods when he holed up in the office/bedroom area of
the complex for several days. i do not think he knew anyone was home at the
time. i was in the tv area of the living room when he came down to get
something from the fridge. as it looked very odd i laughed and said 
"what's this?".  [photo] i did not hear his response, he promptly returned upstairs with the food. 
the white garment looked like a terry cloth boxers or karate outfit coming down to the thighs, not a full
length garment, but longer than a sweatshirt with hood. on another occasion,
dettling came down to the pool area to join several people in the hot tub
wearing both the hood and the glasses, however, without the wig, 
it seemed relatively normal and i don't think anyone noticed.

hren's photos
mike hren often took
photos around the complex. on at least one occasion dettling strenuously
objected to photos being taken in the office. hren has been unable to locate
those and other photos taken at the residence. i have recorded a conversation
where he indicates that he recalls his room being broken into on several
occasions and his photos being rifled through. hren was able to find just one roll of film taken
at the house  [phone call], which contained photos of several witnesses at the "wooden
gear party". during the time i lived there dettling's house was for sale. on
several occasions local realtors walked through the house taking photos when dettling
was not home.

alps photo in office with hood and glasses
dettling had a photo
of himself and his wife (common law) taken during a ski trip to the swiss alps
prominently displayed in his office. in the photo he is wearing aviator glasses
with a hood, taken from the same angle represented in the sketch. the photo
sans the alps is identical to the unabomber sketch. jackie miller also recalls the photo  [phone call].

fc pin
dettling's center desk drawer contained an unusual pin, which i
often played or fiddled with while waiting for his computer to compile database
indexes.  it was unusual, interactive and a great pacifier. it was made of a
very light metal (cast aluminum ?) (jet engine pin?) with a square rectangular
head and an off-center hole in the shaft with a wire loop through it. the wire
behaved strangely because of the off-center hole, hanging freely on one side,
but when pushed over the head (by sharply distending the wire circle to an
oval), exhibiting resistance when approaching the shaft on the other side ("the pacifier 
effect"). 
the shaft of the pin was flattened at the lower end, and 
the letters fc appeared in raised type  [la times] 
on the flattened edge. the shaft was approximately 4" long. once when i was reexamining it for the umpteenth
time, i dubbed it "rays fucking cunts pin", in my mind because of the frequency
of the joke. i couldn't for the life of me see how it would be used or what
purpose the round wire filled other than to bounce off the shaft and entertain
me. actually, i still can't :). the pin may be related to the task force's 
interest in cast aluminum  [sf chronicle].

just kidding
on several occasions
during the time i lived there i observed a strange behavior sequence in ray. he
would first say he was going to do something completely outrageous (i.e. smash
something valuable) then say "i was just kidding". he invariably then went
ahead and did it, then followed with the statement "so i lied". each time he
said, "so i lied" it was invariably accompanied by a characteristic and
memorable shrug of the shoulders with palms raised "so i lied" (always in the same
manner palms up shoulder height).
the almost exact re-occurrence of the gesture was distinct. once he smashed an
expensive etched crystal storm lamp in this manner in front of four people in
his office to their shock and amazement (gerald, tony, michelle, and myself).
 the
similarity to the published threats in california to blow up an airplane
followed by the unabomber response of "just kidding" was striking at the
time  [la times]. 
no airplane crash was ever linked to the airplane mail bomb threat but
it nevertheless provided a personal source of anxiety and hysteria on
several occasions in the following years. 
objectives
my primary concerns
in the matter are public safety, personal safety, and that the truth of mr.
kaczynski's involvement or non involvement in these matters be brought out. i
am particularly concerned with the possibility that one, or perhaps many more
individuals may die if the truth of this case is not brought out. i am also
alarmed at the pattern of government conduct in the case in the context of a
democratic government. i therefore hereby fore-swear and forsake any claim on
the rewards which have been offered by the government in this case.
declared under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct
executed this 7 th day of june 1997
amended this 11th day of november 2000daniel c pride

unabomber newspaper history
vanpac newspaper history


photo-morph
fbi-cover-up
the party
witness's
bank deposit
mind control


cool sound bite
fbi as hal in 2001
9/11 truth
twa800.comin honor of commander donaldson and judith bari




site map
contact: webmaster
links
judith bari (cached)
internet archieve historical records
full site download
https://unabom-bdb17.web.app










