pacebutler - homepacebutler corporationhomeprice listinventoryjob opportunitiesreading programabout / contactwe buy used cell phones and ipads from companiesand individualsprint a free shipping label (405) 755-3131why sell your company's used cell phones and ipads to pacebutler?data removal we completely erase all data from your devices in compliance with dod and nist standards.  call 405-755-3131 to discuss our data removal options.hassle free simply put your devices in a box, affix the shipping label and ship it to us.  we can have fedex pick it up at your office if you call us. best use of your time just send us the devices and we'll do all the work.  we will provide you the imei or serial numbers if you need them and an inventory of the devices.payment within days your check will be in the mail within days of receiving and processing your devices.  free shipping we provide you with a free fedex or us postal shipping label to send your devices to us.  you can print as many labels as you need to ship multiple boxes.print a free shipping label selling us your used cell phones and ipads is easy1generate a free shipping labelfill out the  shipping label
form to instantly print a fedex or us postal shipping label.print a free shipping label 2box and ship your phones and ipadsput your devices in a box and affix the shipping label to the top.  drop the package off at a fedex location or call us to schedule fedex to come to your office and pick it up.3get paidonce we receive and process your devices, we will send you a check and a detailed invoice within days.pacebutler corporation is oklahoma's small business top workplace for the second year in a rowoklahoma city, ok 12/9/2021 — pacebutler corporation has been awarded the top workplaces 2021 award by the oklahoman for the second year in a row.
we were also presented the do'ers award for people and companies that get things done.  we couldn't be more proud to be recognized again as the top workplace for oklahoma's small businesses.oklahoma top workplaces »we donate bookspacebutler corporation donates a non-fiction book for every phone we purchase. we donate books to jails, prisons, schools, churches, mentoring programs and non-profit organizations.  we have donated more than 2,600,667 books so far.learning and continuous improvement is a significiant part of our culture and we thrive by helping people to improve themselves and likewise grow.our company vision is to build great lives.see what our employees are reading.send a message to our ceotom pace is accessible and wants to hear what you have to say.  feel free to send him a message.send messagecreate a shipping labelstatealakazarcacoctdedcflgahiidiliniakskylamemdmamimnmsmomtnenvnhnjnmnyncndohokorpariscsdtntxutvtvawawvwiwyus - united states of americaca - canadadata erasedata certificaterecord imeiscall on locked devicesi agree to the pacebutler corporation terms and conditions.by printing and using a pacebutler corporation shipping label, you must accept and agree to our terms of service for processing devices received by pacebutler corporation.  current pricing is based on at&t, verizon, sprint, t-mobile and us cellular carriers.  other carriers may have reduced pricing.  devices must be fully functional (as intended by manufacturer) with intact screens and housing.  some damaged models may still qualify for payment.  devices that do not qualify for payment will be recycled and not returned.create shipping labelpacebutler corporation5915 nw 23rd streetoklahoma city, ok 731271 (405) 755 31311 (405) 755 1114info@pacebutler.comhomeemploymentcontact usprivacy policycopyright © 2025. all rights reserved by pacebutler corporation.customer service chat