



  
























jonathan's ristorante -top restaurant- jonathan's huntington, ny





























































 

















call for reservations - (631) 549-0055


menus

dinner & takeout menu
valentine’s day menu
wine dinner menu
private party menu
happy hour


wine

happy hour
wine list
spirits & cocktails


private events

private party menu


gift certificates










contact
delivery
reservations
information

press
photo gallery
virtual tour
directions




















we care about our customerscoronavirus information









welcome to jonathan’s ristorante

restaurant in huntington 
there are many restaurants in huntington ny coming and going, but jonathan’s has been a landmark in the village of huntington since its opening in 1994.  jonathan’s delightful atmosphere combines european flavor with a casual yet sophisticated look, contemporary italian menu and a courteous and knowledgeable staff. visit our italian restaurant in huntington ny today for a delicious meal in great atmosphere!
owner roberto ornato likes to think of the vibrant décor and the exquisite food is what sets jonathans apart from the rest, an accomplishment recognized by zagat, with an “award of distinction” and was voted one of americas top 1,000 italian restaurants.

executive chef tito onofre heads the kitchen staff and designed the new lunch and dinner menus. roasted branzino with a light lemon and caper sauce and squid ink linguini with a san marzano tomato sauce and tiger shrimp are a few examples of the dishes that have become instant classics. zagat calls the dishes “refined italian” with “lovely nightly specials” and the wine list “impressive and affordable”. come and try our italian restaurant in huntington ny today!
jonathans is one of the few restaurants to combine a temperature controlled wine cellar and riedel wine glasses with a wine list well stocked with wines mostly from small vineyards in italy, california, france and australia. our wine list has won wine spectators “award of excellence” 2004-2013. the service is warm, starting from the manager alex, the whole dining room staff is friendly and knowledgeable at jonathans, where you can enjoy the same inspired dinner menu items for your next private party on a saturday or sunday afternoon.
opentable
tripadvisor
zomato
with all the italian restaurants, don’t let yourself miss jonathan’s. please visit us soon for an incredible dining experience!
virtual tour
our blog
privacy policy
to stay up to date on our upcoming events, promotions, and more,
sign up for our newsletter








review
overall ratinghow do others rate this restaurant?2.5 based on 65 votes restaurant  jonathan's ristoranteitem  restaurant
refined italian dishes, lovely specials and an impressive wine list.zagat












home
catering
gift certificates
press
reservations
gallery
directions
contact




 
15 wall street huntington, ny 11743 - 
 ph. (631) 549-0055
© copyright  jonathan's ristorante. all rights reserved |  site designed by  gotham interactive media llc





jonathan's ristorante



























