












department of spanish and portuguese - uc santa barbara

























skip to main content





university of california, santa barbara






 


department of spanish and portuguese - uc santa barbara





main menupeoplenews & eventsresearchgraduateundergraduatecenter for portuguese studiescenter for catalan studiescenter for basque studiesgiving























welcome to the department of spanish and portuguese
the department of spanish and portuguese is devoted to the research and teaching of the literatures, cultures and languages of spain, portugal and latin america. we award the degrees of b.a. in spanish or portuguese, and phd, with specializations in the areas of spanish and latin american literature, portuguese and brazilian literature, and iberian linguistics, with optional emphases on translation studies, feminist studies, medieval studies and applied linguistics. see more...
if you have any questions or comments, please contact us.

diversity statement 
the dept. of spanish and portuguese supports all initiatives to create a campus climate guided by the values of inclusion, respect, equality, and equity. we strive to create an environment in which the uniqueness of each person is recognized and celebrated, and where everyone is treated with respect. such an inclusive campus climate is essential to the well-being and success of a diverse community of students, faculty, and staff. our mission is centered on the belief that a community thrives when the perspectives and voices of all members are recognized. this valued diversity includes, but is not limited to: ability, age, culture, education, ethnicity, gender identity and/or expression, nationality, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socioeconomic status. through the adoption of best practices in recruiting, admitting and enrolling underrepresented students, we strive to bring to our department a diverse population of graduate students and broaden participation to address the historical disparities in representation across race, gender, and ethnicity. we also believe that as a hispanic serving institution, the department of spanish and portuguese within ucsb is called to perform a leading role in the campus effort to encourage diversity.
 

diversity officer to the office of diversity, equity, and inclusion
prof. antonio cortijo


 
 

















  
  
 access click here
 
 
  



  
  
 henley gate, uc santa barbara
 
  



  
  
 phelps hall, home of the spanish & portuguese department
 
  



  
  
 "we are all writers", elena poniatowska's plenary lecture at the xv colloquium on mexican literature, november 1, 2012
 
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
 meagan carter (abd, linguistics) presenting on april 2, 2022 at the american translation and interpretation studies association conference at ucsb
 
  



  
  
 pedro craveiro (abd, portuguese) presenting april 2, 2022 at the american translation and interpretation studies association conference at ucsb
 
  





 












about us

welcome to spanish & portuguesedigital literary studies at spanish & portugueselanguage & lower division coursesapply to our graduate programphelps administrative support center 








support spanish & portuguese

we invite you to be part of the department’s success in educating the next generation of leaders. more info...

















announcements




 new book: current perspectives in spanish lexical development 
  
 congratulations to laura marqués-pascual on her most recent... 
  


 new phd! caragh barry 

 caragh barry completed her phd in hispanic literature with an emphasis in translation studies...  
  


 the uc iberian studies consortium has been launched 
  
 the department of spanish and portuguese is delighted to announce that thanks to a generous gift from roberta lee johnson (ba and ma, uc davis; professor emerita, university of kansas), the uc iberian studies consortium has been formed, and will be headquartered at uc davis.
 
  


 








 












phone/fax
		tel: 805-893-3161 (undergrad)
		tel: 805-893-2131 (graduate)
fax: 805-893-8341
campus mailcode: 4150
campus maps


main office hours
		monday through friday
		9am-11:30am and 1:30-4pm
mailing address
		spanish and portuguese
		phelps hall 4206
		university of california santa barbara
		santa barbara ca 93106-4150



college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106




search form

search 






 




