     home - indian linux user group  



homebloglinuxeducationkernelpopularitygnomeindiabusinessinitiativesopen sourcedevelopmentcodingaboutcontact us

select page



connect with
the communitylearn, share and grow a vibrant linux user community and promote linux os enabled training programs in kolkata, india and worldwide.
learn morecontact us
"
embrace open source culture with linuxrising popularity of linux amongst academic institutions in india is setting the stage right for businesses in india to embrace the open source system for growth.learnread and review codes to learn and practice simultaneouslyshareshare in the open source space with like-minded techpreneursgrowtake the nation’s growth journey in it and other industries to the next levelbusiness philosophyquoting beliefs of linus torvalds, founder of linux systems, he says, “the best way for an open-source project to grow is to use the, ‘if you build they will come’ model.” you have to start working on the execution aspect of transforming ideas to reality, since this is where most business plans come to fruition in the form of excellent results.more about usfree software movement began in the late 90s & 2000sto evoke series of arguments debating on the need for open-source technologies in the democratic republic of india. those earlier manifestations of disappointment experienced by the free software enthusiasts primarily imposed and later necessitated the need for open source software systems in india.%linux server os adoption growthsmall & medium enterpriseswhy linux?linux is the most secure os, flexible and modular platform that facilitates installation of thousands of programs for free on various distributions.read morelatest streaming seriesour first project made by indian linux user group. be advised it is adults only and it features mix of technology and the best generes of adult entertainment. all videos recorded in 4k quality. focusing on women’s ability to have multiple orgasms this series takes you into the wonderful world of total delight.
official website
american army guys in questionable situations dealing in questionable ways. watch the newest gay entertainment from exlcusive network of say uncle. welcome to troop sex!sis loves is the 2nd project promoted and built by us. it released in 2016 and it features the very best of step sisters genre of adult entertainment. it has been a huge success and it still continues to update today. tricky situations under home roof leading to step siblings taboo.
official website
the finest gay cinema episodes in multiple updates per week. explore your kinkiest fantasies and taboo scenarios in this no-judgement zone. welcome to nextdoor studios!masonic boys is all you would want to see in misterious series of a secret cult. this fantasy website presents the order – the priesthood of elders that lure young boys into their chambers only for one reason – to make them submissive clerks.
official website
educate yourself in the matter of pawgs. observe, get your conclusions are admire those phat ass white girls in all their glory. this is what true meaning behind pawg acronym is!lesbea is all about lesbians and their sensual way of having girl on girl love. in this unique series you are about to experience years of updates with the finest lesbian love from europe.
official website
enjoy the very first approach to femboy scene on the web. adult time is at it again and bring us the very best of unexplored niches. this time it’s all about feminized boys being toys for alpha males in femboyish series!im not your mommy is unique series launched under mom lover network. it’s all about moms being moms and not caring about consequences when it comes to seducing naive young boys.
official websitejoin us on a quest to bring the linux os experience back to life, empowered with a whole new set of digital tools and free-to-install packages to make the experimentation exercise, challenging and exciting in the times to come.success!
email



subscribe now!




latest news & updatesget latest news and updates of linux distributions along with the linux community in indiabest linux distributions for beginnersmay 21, 2020linux is probably the most stable, secure and reliable os there is. notwithstanding the fact that most computers in india and around the world still run windows, those who have used linux once will never even think about switching to any other os. linux is open-source...read moreresolving the kernel: how linux keeps you in the lightmay 15, 2019 kernel issues are rare, but when they do occur, it causes the functional machines on linux os to hang several times - both interruptible and non-interruptible. determining the type and reason for linux server hangs is important to troubleshoot the...read morewhy adopting an open source culture is beneficial for a growing country like indiaapr 22, 2019 besides india being a nation promoting diversity of culture, languages and upholding the mantle of democracy high, it has added another noteworthy policy to its melange of offerings - fortifying the pillars of open source in the country. following launch...read morereach ussed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus voluptatem.13005 greenville avenue,
california, tx 70240+22 140 006 754contact@ilug-cal.orgfollowfollowfollowleave a message
name

email address

message

send message


facebook


twitter


rss
copyright ilug-cal.org © 2018        



