





the original ~ indians.org




























toggle navigation








home
article directory
resource directory
contact







image1

image2

image3

image 04

image 05

image 06









american indian ancestry is the most searched topic



follow these simple steps to find your indian ancestry

maybe you have wanted to know your ancestors for a long time and have perhaps been meaning to talk to that great aunt of yours about the indians in your family.â  grandma said that you were indian and you have wondered how to search the records to find out which tribe you are from and exactly what your heritage might be. well now is your chance to get started on this adventure and we will try to help you begin in a very simple way.â  there are some steps you will need to take to begin your initial search. we have all the tools to help you on your journey of building your family tree. start your indian ancestry












many people visiting indian craft shops leave with colorful indian masks, headdress, inuit paintings, and other beautiful works of art. the american indian is known for their stunning accessories such as bead necklaces, bead bracelets and belts often made of turquoise, coral, and silver. learn the significance of feathers in an indian headress and the name of the indian tribe that was the basis for the tradition of thanksgiving. the following are the four of the most popular american indian articles on our website...  


















article categories








american indian tribes
view complete list


most popular tribe searches





cherokee indianthe cherokee indians were one of the largest of five american indian tribes who settled in the american southeast portion of the country. 




sioux indiansthe men of the tribe could become chiefs eventually if they demonstrated strong warrior skills. they followed the pattern of the buffalo. 




apache indianseventually the tribe migrated toward the united states further south, and divided itself into two basic regions, with the rio grande river serving as the dividing line. 
these articles celebrate and identify the beautiful and unique cultures of the mayans, pawnee, choctaw, apache, comanche, nez perce, mohawk, chumash indians and many other familiar and not so familiar tribes. 
american indian tribes list






american indian topics
view complete list


most popular native topics





chief american horsein early life he was a clownish sort of boy among the boys -- an expert mimic and impersonator. this talent made him popular and in his way as a leader.




crazy horse oglalahe was an uncommonly handsome man. while not the equal of gall in magnificence and imposing stature, he was physically perfect...




drum beatsthere have been a number of indian tribes in existence and in all of them the drum was usually an important part of their culture. 
the american indian has contributed many wonderful arts, crafts, fashion, and music that most people love. visiting an indian craft shop, you'll leave with colorful indian masks, headdress, indian tattoos, and other beautiful works of art.  
american indian articles list






native american topics
view complete list


popular native american topics





native american ancestrythere are many people who while not being full blood native americans do have ancestors that were indians. if you think you are indian...




native americansthe first evidence showing indigenous people to inhabit north america indicates that they migrated there from siberia over 11,000 years ago. 




native american musicmusic plays an integral role in the life of native americans. it is used for ceremonial purposes, recreation, expression, and healing.
american indians are often referred to as native americans as they were the first to inhabit the country. the earliest records show the paleo indians were the first of the indigenous peoples' living on the continent of north america.  
native american articles list

























resource directory



all resources
your indian ancestry
directory of tribes
indigenous peoples' literature
























your indian ancestry
directory of tribes
indigenous peoples' literature









about aihf


the american indian heritage foundation was establised in 1973 to provide relief services to indian people nationwide, to build bridges of understanding and friendship between indian and non-indian people. through informative materials, special events, cultural sharing opportunities and this website, we have reached multiplied millions worldwide with positive and proper representations of contemporary indian culture as well as preservation of the old and treasured. 
about aihf and our objectivesemergency relief distribution american indian student eagle awards miss indian usa scholarship program national american indian heritage month





















indians.org has been committed to, "serving the tribes, while sharing the culture" since 1995, dedicated to the preservation and accurate presentation of the rich culture of the american indian, your generous support is greatly appreciated.  click here to give an online gift. 




most popular indians.org articles 


native american ancestry
cherokee indians
sioux indians
apache indians
native american culture
steps to your indian ancestry
aztec indians
native american women
feathers
native american religion
native americans
southwest indians
lakota indians
native american music
indian headdress
american indians
iroquois longhouse
chippewa indians
anasazi indians
paleo indians





















					â© indians.org 1995 - 2024 | about aihf & indians.org | give an online gift to indians.org


ask us questions |  contact us | advertise on indians.org






















