





tds fitness – fitness and strength equipment for homes and gyms
















www.newyorkbarbells.com



"arari investments llc. d/b/a new york barbells"





about ourselves


testimonial


warranty





the health of 
our customers, employees, and our worldwide community is a top priority at new 
york barbells. as we work through the impact of the coronavirus disease 
(covid-19), our phone & support will be unavailable and there will be 
significant delays responding to emails. we have been experiencing a high volume 
of orders, emails and are working with fewer people due to virus problems, 
causing further delays. we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may 
cause.
customer satisfaction is our ultimate aim. that 
is the reason new york barbells successfully serving industry for the past 30 
years from our 110,000 sq. facility, situated in elmira, ny.                                                             


 new york barbells is thanking you for your 
patience and understanding.



show room open - mon to fri: 8 am to 3:30 pm (on appointment only)
call: 607-737-1227



(click the pictures below to see the videos)








power racks





hip sleds







mega cambered squat bar





aerobic step up



leg presses
 




product list




driving directions



why buy from new york barbell:
 new york barbell sells tds fitness equipment and is the only fitness equipment company that has a large warehouse of items coupled together with a manufacturing facility.
tds fitness equipment is made of heavy duty construction that’s built to last. compare us to other equipment manufacturers and you will see.
tds fitness equipment is the only company that continually searches for new improvements in equipment performance and ease of use. 
as new developments are discovered, we institute these changes into our products.
 click to continue to read







serving fitness industry for over 43 years
- free shipping on most items










"arari investments llc. d/b/a new york barbells"


modern 110,000 sq. ft facility for manufacturing and distribution
new 15000 sq ft showroom opened to public
	
  show room hours: mon to fri 
	8:00 am to 4:00 pm.  
buy direct from manufacturer and save 
	come and try our quality before you buy 
	




 


payments from overseas 
customers: credit cards 
are not acceptable from overseas customers, except canada. wire transfers from 
bank to bank are required for all orders placed from overseas. 
 


 

new york barbells provide top security for customer information and does not sell or share this information with anyone. 
all information obtained through customer payments made on our website checkout page is 
strictly kept confidential. 
 








we accept amex, visa, master card and 
  discover.

call, write, or e-mail:

newyorkbarbells@aol.com  us for more information.

160 home street,
 elmira, new york 14904, usatoll free: 1-800-446-1833; 
fax: 607-733-1010 




 

 



please read 
 
"shipping terms & conditions"
 
 before placing orders







 "guaranteed
quality & performance"


copyright © 2016 all rights reserved. - 09p03a16t





