



thinktwice global vaccine institute: avoid vaccine reactions


















    www.thinktwice.com
				   about us 
				  vaccine books 
				   
			
				  
			









frequently asked questions 
					    
					individual vaccines
					    
					articles 
					     
					studies
					     
					personal stories

support groups
					     
					immunization laws
					     
					bookstore
					    
					emotional responses












welcome 
				to the thinktwice global 
				vaccine institute

we offer an extensive selection of uncensored information on childhood shots and other immunizations.
parents are entitled 
					to a full disclosure of all pertinent data and freedom to 
					choose whether or not to vaccinate their children.


inside 
						thinktwice...


frequently asked questions: many of the e-mail letters and telephone calls that we receive discuss common concerns. here are some of the most frequently asked questions and our brief responses.
individual vaccines: click on this link to investigate specific vaccines. we provide a summary of pertinent information, including a description of the disease, plus uncensored vaccine safety and efficacy data.
articles: this link includes controversial information that the mainstream media doesn't report, and that your doctor and government authorities would like to suppress.
studies: authorities often claim that "anti-vaccine" websites do not provide valid documentation. we provide hundreds of peer-reviewed studies from scientific and medical journals. many of these studies link vaccines to the onset of new diseases.
								
personal stories: heart-wrenching personal stories by parents whose children were harmed by vaccines. update: recent letters
support groups: several organizations support a parent's right to accept or reject vaccines. this link includes state, national, and international support groups.
immunization laws: are vaccines mandatory? do you wish to exempt yourself or family members from the shots? discover your legal rights.
bookstore: purchase uncensored vaccine books and other important resources.
emotional responses:  our website elicits strong reactions. some people are deeply grateful for the service we provide. others are angry and fearful, and oppose the free exchange of vaccine information.
 you may share your thoughts and concerns: 







autism
support for your loved ones
the flu vaccine
what you should know!
find out about the government's
secret vaccine database
should schools mandate vaccines?
7 reasons this is a bad idea
read some of the world's mostinformative vaccine books
the mmr vaccine
are separate shots better?
your questions and concerns
with our responses
the hpv ("cervical cancer") vaccine
uncensored data


    special video presentations    

corruption of science
how vaccine studies are manipulated (6-minutes)

candid discussion
an interview with nzm (90-minutes)

aluminum in vaccines
a look at the studies

overdosed babies
is the current immunization schedule safe?
several vaccinesadministered simultaneously

can they hurt your baby?
search the cdc/fda database
serious vaccine reactions
						
military vaccines
resources for vets and their families
student project
an act to encourage vaccinations
are pet vaccines safe?
vaccine guide for dogs & cats
click here to explore
autism resources
thechickenpox vaccine
is it really necessary?
important congressional testimony
on vaccines, mmr and autism.
anthrax   &   smallpox
should we be afraid?
the hepatitis b vaccine is it safe and necessary?
reversals
healing vaccine damage
the measles-cancer trade-off
natural infections provide benefits


new study:vaccines & infant mortalityby goldman and miller (2023)
vaccines & sids by neil z. miller (2021)
listen to neil z. miller
radio interview on sids
vac vs. unvac study by hooker & miller (2021)
vac vs. unvac study by hooker & miller (2020)
aluminum in childhood vaccines is unsafe
combining childhood vaccines is not safe
vaccines, infant hospitalizations and death
vaccines and infant mortality rates
special reports
					vaccine science vs. science fiction
					minority report: a covert cdc program

*  *  robert f. kennedy jr. on vaccine industry corruption  *  *











						more vaccine resources


autism      
							military vaccines     
							sids
lawyers      
							damage reversal      
							animal shots
dr. wakefield     
							holistic parenting     
							other sites
recent letters     
                                          free ebooks     
							studies     
                                          videos     
							donate






contact information: 
				thinkchoice 
				  global vaccine institute
po box 9638
				  santa fe, nm 87504






 





important information



 


miller's review
of critical vaccine studiesvolume ii
400 more scientific papers
						summarized for parents and researchers




"this book stands as a monumental achievement deserving widespread recognition and attention."
--harry van der zee, md
    
						find out more about this amazing compilation of peer-reviewed vaccine research.


 


miller's review
of critical vaccine studies
400 important scientific papers
						summarized for parents and researchers




"if you trust vaccines to protect you without harm, then you need to read this book."
--robert jay rowen, md
    
						find out more about this amazing compilation of peer-reviewed vaccine research.



vaccine safety manualfor concerned families 
						and health practitioners



the world's most complete guideto immunization risks and protection. 352 pages. more than 1,000 studies.
    
						find out more about this indispensable health manual.



make an informed
vaccine decision
						for the health of your child


by dr. mayer eisenstein, md, jd, mph

"a must read! parents will be preparedto make truly informed decisionsthat can affect their childrenfor generations to come."
--jerry kartzinel, md, faap, board certified pediatrics
    
						find out more about this parent's guideto childhood shots.


important vaccine study
vaccines and infant mortality:
a statistically significant correlation

influenza

studies and more

immunization ploys

30 dirty tricks

interview with gary goldman, phd

on cdc suppression of undesirable vaccine data

the simpsonwood transcripts
secret "insider" information

						the polio vaccine 
a critical assessment
aluminum in childhood vaccines
worse than mercury?
healthy kids without vaccines!
an intelligent, loving mother shares her non-vaccinating experiences.

						were you or a family member damaged from a vaccine?
be sure to file an official report with the federal vaccine adverse event reporting system (vaers): 1-800-822-7967. you may be eligible for compensation.
search the
						vaers database


get involved!
you can make a difference.


vaccines,are they really safe & effective?





updated and revised edition!
* 200,000 copies sold *
    
						find out more about this bestselling vaccine book.
spanish vaccine book
read this vaccine book in spanish



















please 
read our disclaimer. copyright © 1996-2024. all rights reserved.







