



























cambridge college: flexible & affordable degrees for working adults























      skip to main content
    
español

main navigationaboutwhy cambridge college?historymission and valuesracial equity and social justicelocationshonors and recognitionaccreditation and authorizationsleadershipdirectorsnewscontact uscummings foundation grantconsumer informationacademicsfind a programlearn onlinedegrees & certificatesprofessional developmentareas of studycatalogacademic calendaradmissionsadmissions overviewundergraduate admissionsgraduate admissionsdoctorate admissionsinternational admissionsdual enrollment admissionstransfer studentstransfer details & articulation agreementsprior learning creditapply nowtranscripts for admissionstuition & aidtuition & feesfinancial aidloansscholarshipsgrantsmilitaryfirst respondersstart your fafsalife at cccampus experiencethe online experiencediversity, equity, inclusion & belongingadvising and supportstudent perspectivescareer and life planning centerdisability supportcommencement 2024 videoopen searchsearchsearchcrown navalumnipartnerscurrent students
action nav

request infoapplygiveespañol 

menu  future-forward education
  transform your life and the lives of others through education. cambridge college provides flexible, affordable degrees and certificates for adult learners.
see our video see our video announcements  bay path university and cambridge college
july 1, 2024, bay path university announces finalizing the acquisition of cambridge college. this powerful alliance will enhance our academic community and broaden our students' educational horizons and career opportunities.see the full announcement and watch the video  statement on free community college
bay path university and cambridge college enthusiastically support the recent legislation to provide free community college education in massachusetts.read the full announcement.  announcing our online mba in spanish
if spanish is your native language and you’re looking to accelerate your career and leadership skills, our new mba is for you. all courses, coursework, materials and support are in spanish, making it easier for you to delve into the complexity of this online graduate-level program.learn more about the online spanish mba  we are happy to have received a cummings grant
we look forward to expanding our emerging tech academy and cyber programs to reach more young students.learn more about the cummings foundation  find your program
see all programs
		online
	
		undergraduate
	
		graduate
	
		doctoral
	
		professional development
	
		certificates
	  experience life at cambridge college
from our main campus in boston to online learning on your time, everyone's part of our rich and diverse community with a global reach.learn more about cc  campus experience
explore our diverse, multigenerational, student-centric campuses in boston and puerto rico.  online experience
learn from anywhere on your time. our fully online programs are ideal for adult learners who need flexibility.  diversity, equity, inclusion & belonging
see how the diversity of our community provides a positive and productive learning experience.  cambridge college student support
  mycc student portal
as a student at cambridge college, your journey starts on mycc. find the tools you need for academic success, all in one place.  support overview
visit the current students page for an overview of support services available to cambridge college students.  student support pdf
download this handy, printable pdf with support contact information.  cc + bpu faq
read this pdf about the joining of cambridge college and bay path university and what it means for you.
              upcoming events
                  events calendar
       
      15
    
      february
    pillars for career success: effective leadership & negotiation 
          register via zoom
        
      19
    
      february
    cambridge college global open house - february 
          register via zoom
        
      19
    
      march
    cambridge college global open house - march 
          register via zoom
        
      16
    
      april
    cambridge college global open house - april 
          register via zoom
          what's new at cambridge college

							view all news
			 
											featured
										cambridge college launches mba degree in spanish
  other news
wednesday, october 23, 2024the cc online mba for chinese students offers new ways to advancefriday, august 2, 2024statement on free community collegemonday, july 1, 2024bay path university officially acquires cambridge collegesunday, june 2, 2024online school founded by cambridge college alumna holds first graduation ceremonythursday, april 11, 2024presidents discuss transformative merger on visionary voices podcast  cambridge college culture
our inclusive, diverse culture of belonging enriches your educational experience.why cambridge college?  65%
ethnically and racially diverse student population.  75%
female students  50+
countries represented by studentsi wanted to further my career and develop my knowledge in management and business skills that i did not have when i achieved my associate degree.
                  rebecca tavares

            
                      bachelor of science in business administration

                i’m on the path to become a director at my next pay review. i’ve leveraged what i’m learning in the mba program.
                  chris martins, graduate

            
                      master of business administration

                it is helpful to have supportive professors that are understanding of what you’re going through and also willing to help you with your career and where you might want to take that education that you’re getting.
                  meaghan schmieding

            
                      master of healthcare management

                prevnextcan’t find something?search the cambridge college websitesearchrequest infoapply now  cambridge college is accredited by the new england commission of higher education. the college and all its degree programs are authorized by the massachusetts board of higher education. the college is authorized to operate and offer selected degree programs in puerto rico by the puerto rico board of higher education institutions under the department of state, and the graduate education programs are also recognized by the puerto rico department of education and the puerto rico board of professional counselors under the puerto rico health department.
  connect
1 (800) 877-4723facebookx (formerly twitter)instagramyoutubelinkedin  main campus

	  500 rutherford avenue
boston, ma 02129 usa

resourcescareerstranscriptscummings grantcovid-19related information:program finderboston campusdegrees & certificatescopyright © 2025footer barprivacy noticepolicies and proceduresconsumer informationfeedback×









