





raising godly tomatoes



















 
home
 
message board
 
testimonials
 
order the book
 















the book
underlying principles

square one

teaching obedience

raising a
                              godly child
the basics and
                              before
starting early
starting late
discerning the spirit
tomato staking
the "s" word

emotional issues

dealing with feelings
crying and whining
temper tantrums

with character in mind

pride problems
sibling squabbles
insightful issues

the parent's part

fixing
                              ourselves first
older children

afterword

afterword


other materials
specific problems

the littlest ones
babies in church
siblings situations
car rides
irritation with
                              children
more on older children
miscellaneous
what not to do

your first love

knowing god
proverbs
                              parenting
biblical
                              discipline
e's
                              favorite verses

family commentaries

extra on
                              underlying principals
the outside world
family farm
quiver full
nursing & child
                              care
child
                              proofing/safety
potty training
working moms
homeschooling
special needs
                              kids

elizabeth's fun stuff

blessings of the
                              day
quilts
diet page
cookbook

book reviews

attachment parenting
babywise

favorite books and links

favorite books & links





raising
                          godly tomatoes now in print!






 
raising godly tomatoes is now in
                                it's second printing!  
                                click
                                here to read reviews of rgt at amazon.com
click here to order 
                                ($14.95 per single copy, discounts for multiple
                                sales)



 
why
                          do you have so many children?
an introduction by elizabeth


my
                          husband and i have ten children. ten so far, anyway.
                          with large families being so rare these days, i'm
                          often asked why we would want to have so many. my
                          answer is not quite the same as many of the other
                          "large family" testimonies i have heard. you
                          see, we didn't always want a lot of children. neither
                          did we come to any particular conviction that in order
                          to be obedient to god we must have many children. no,
                          we didn't arrive where we are by that route. instead,
                          our hearts were changed over a period of time by the
                          influence of experience and the godly advice of
                          others.

                          before i married, i never cared too much for babies,
                          or small children, or even older children. not up
                          close anyway. i never played with dolls as a child, i
                          rarely babysat, and i was really rather uncomfortable
                          around children. i was afraid of them. i didn't know
                          what to do with them or how to handle them, so i
                          avoided them whenever possible.

                          sure, i had enjoyed my own five siblings, so in a
                          vague sort of way i pictured the ideal family as
                          large, but that was it. i didn't really have much of a
                          picture after that. things were similar for my husband
                          when he was a young man, so when we married we decided
                          on a nice neat two children. considering my lack of
                          nature child related talents, maybe we'd wait until
                          they were both in school before considering two more.
                          i really didn't think i could handle all four home at
                          once, or any more than that.

                          then our first-born came into the world and we both
                          fell immediately in love. he was so perfect. those
                          tiny toes, that cute little baby mouth, those
                          beautiful blueberry blue eyes--he stole our hearts
                          instantly. number two was just as wonderful. beautiful
                          and sweet and good. a little girl this time. i had
                          visions of smocked dresses and little fingers playing
                          the violin someday. well, after another couple of
                          years, we weren't so sure about our plans to wait
                          until these first two were in school before having
                          more. by this time we were starting to think maybe
                          children weren't all that bad (at least our own
                          weren't) and maybe we should just go ahead and have
                          our total of four all in a row, then quit. so we
                          changed plans and welcomed a third, then started
                          hoping for a fourth. 

                          but alas, as our children grew past the baby stage, a
                          few problems cropped up. as much as i loved my
                          children, i found parenting pre-schoolers difficult
                          and frustrating. i read all the books, i prayed, i
                          took parenting classes, i did everything a good mother
                          was supposed to do, yet i was still confused and
                          discouraged. i was amazed at how challenging they
                          could be. i felt as though i was constantly on the
                          verge of being driven crazy by all those annoying
                          little things that small children do all day long.
                          despite all the books and experts, i really still had
                          no idea what i could or could not discipline them for,
                          or how to discipline them if i should attempt to. i
                          thought i was just supposed to ignore and endure all
                          their little misbehaviors, and i wasn't doing very
                          good at that. 

                          i also started worrying about the salvation of my
                          children. i didn't seem to have much control over
                          their behavior, so how was i going to influence their
                          hearts? i was terrified of the thought that some or
                          all of my children might grow up to be unbelievers. i
                          didn't know how i could live with that. we'd thought
                          about having more children, but we didn't want more
                          if they were going to ultimately rebel. we felt we'd
                          already taken a chance by having the ones we had, and
                          we weren't sure we wanted to tempt fate further. we
                          didn't think it was enough to just say we were
                          "doing our best and trusting god with the
                          rest." we'd heard that from too many christians
                          whose children had ended up on drugs, or committing
                          fornication, or just hating their parents, and god as
                          well. we didn't want that to happen in our family. 

                          then two things happened. first, we discovered
                          homeschooling. that gave me great hope. i loved the
                          knowledge that i wouldn't have to shove my children
                          out into the big, cold, dangerous world away from my
                          guidance and protection at age five. maybe we could
                          keep them from peer pressure and negative influences
                          for at least a little longer, and maybe that would
                          allow us to stay "close" to them for a while
                          longer too. i really, really wanted to stay
                          close to my children. i remember a neighbor casually
                          commenting to me one day, "oh, you lose them when
                          they go to school." what?! i did not want to lose
                          my beloved children. homeschooling gave me hope that
                          this might not have to happen. maybe if i could keep
                          them with me a while longer, i could also keep their
                          hearts close to mine, and maybe i'd have a better
                          chance to influence them toward god.

                          secondly, we started fellowshipping with a slightly
                          older couple who knew how to train in a godly way that
                          worked! their children had grown from babyhood through
                          the toddler stage, past early childhood, and into,
                          through, and out of the teen years, with no temper
                          tantrums, no terrible twos, no teenaged rebellion, no
                          raging hormones, no drug problems, no promiscuity, no
                          anything awful. how could that be? they had even
                          managed to maintain a close and loving relationship
                          their parents. and they all loved god and had chosen
                          to serve him with their whole hearts.

                          as we began to ask for and follow this couple's
                          parenting advice, (which i will share with you here),
                          we very quickly began to have hope that we really
                          could raise godly children who would not go astray.
                          there is great peace in realizing that god gives us a
                          plan for doing so; we don't have to just roll the
                          dice. with the help of these godly friends, we gained
                          hope and confidence for the future. we began, for the
                          first time, to trust in god's words found in proverbs
                          22:6 (nas): "train up a child in the way he
                          should go, even when he is old he will not depart from
                          it.

                          at this point are began to notice for the first time,
                          the enormous wealth of information the bible contains
                          about childrearing. guess what? the entire bible is
                          about children and families! god loves children. the
                          bible is written to his children. we are his children.
                          his promises are to his children. his wisdom and
                          guidance is all there for his children to live by. he
                          valued his children enough to die for them. anyway, i
                          won't go on about that at the moment, but all these
                          things opened our eyes to wanting more children.
                          knowing how to discipline, train, nurture, and love
                          our children, gave us the confidence that we could
                          have and enjoy many of them.

                          so i guess we didn't have ten children (so far) out of
                          obedience, but rather out of god given desire, after
                          discovering the knowledge we needed to successfully
                          raise that many. we now enjoy our children daily, as
                          the very special blessings that god says they are. who
                          wouldn't want another blessing? "behold,
                          children are a gift of the lord; the fruit of the womb
                          is a reward." - psalm 127:3 (nas)














(c)
                    copyright 2007 l. elizabeth krueger.  all rights
                    reserved.
scripture quotations taken from the nasb.



















