the occult - occultopedia: the occult and unexplained encyclopedia














download flash plug-in






home  |  browse a-z  |
     topics  | 
	 art  
|  updates  |  search  |  shop  |  news  |  sources  |  links  |  contact  |  about  







occultopedia

the occult and unexplained encyclopedia  







        
  a 
	
			b 
	
			c 
	
			d 
	
			e 
	
			f 
	
			g 
	
			h 
	
			i 
	
			j 
	
			k 
	
			l 
	
			m 
	
			n 
	
			o 
	
			p 
	
			q 
	
			r 
	
			s 
	
			t 
	
			u 
	
			v 
	
			w 
	
			x 
	
			y 
	
			z



			forums  |  submit  | 
			 copyright  | 
			 






        welcome to occultopedia, the premier internet index of the paranormal, occult and inexplicable. in addition to being the foremost online destination for information about the supernatural, unusual phenomena and the occult, occultopedia also features a variety of resources for the pagan community, new age buffs, unexplained phenomena enthusiasts, curious minds, and skeptics as well.occultopedia is the genuine article, the original and the best internet index of the extraordinary and uncanny, shamelessly copied by many, but never equaled. online since 1995 — at first in a free web space provider, and in 1997 finally with its own domain name and hosting — occultopedia still is the principal online resource for those looking for the unexplained, the curious and the unusual.                                              






occultopedia is a work in progress, and is not completed. there are so many aspects to the occult and the extraordinary, it would be next to impossible to actually finish such a project. please understand that it is not possible that every topic and term will be here profiled, but suggestions are welcome. great website of esoterismo from brazilfor psychic , tarot cards , free psychic readings , reading , tarot card , horoscopes & question mypsychicadvice is the best companylove psychic readingsfree divination and meaning of names application which will reveal your present and future.look into my crystal ball and see if big wins are in your future on the wide variety of occult theme slots at a usa casino for real money online. club hollywood online casino red crane has games that take fascination and magic to the next level of engagement, real money winnings.astrologerthe authority site for the self-transforming taoist tradition of the 4 ascendant sphere purity adept school of the tao. www.the-taoism-for-modern-world.com this 1,500 year old tradition has been helping people live a powerful life for 1,500 years.astrologer uk astrologer astrologyparagnostwant to buy cheap from official site's? simply use this valid and works vimax discount code to get affordable pricing, get specials prices plus 15% off by using valid coupon code.best 60+ tattoo ideas for men and their meanings.looking where to buy legal steroids online? check out our best legal steroids a.k.a. prohormones store!love psychicconstructed of lightweight stainless steel, the happystik is a durable and compact selfie stick which fits in your handbag or pocket, but when in use smoothly extends to a metre in length. check out australia's premium selfie stick styled in ice-cool white the happystik perfectly complements your iphone or android smartphone, and the adjustable cradle fits all phones from the iphone 5 through to the new larger models including iphone 6/6+ and galaxy s5/note 4.psychic readingsmediation is an alternative to litigation, and is gaining acceptance in alternate dispute resolution (adr). mediation allows the parties to maintain control over the outcome of their dispute, and the entire process is confidential. rule 31 mediators are specially trained and have extensive knowledge, training and experience in dispute resolution. most mediators are attorneys; however, some mental health and business professionals are eligible for rule 31 listing.satta matkaastrologer lisa paron astromojo horoscope and astrology readings, predictions, psychics, paranormal, fortune teller, tarot get your mojo working!http://www.bbb.orgthis site is scary but our window cleaning perth is not. call us today.try picturegram, a new instagram search engine.paranormal stories from ireland with halloween ideas and leading costume shop full of outfits for everyone.  









 





 
         








		this website is best viewed with the latest 
		versions of
		microsoft 
		internet explorer or 
firefox. 
		occultopedia
makes extensive use of
		
		flash and scripting in its pages and interface. make certain your browser 
		permissions are set 
		accordingly and that you have the latest
		
		flash plug-in for the full experience, proper look and accurate 
		layout. you can do it with confidence. this site does not contain any viruses, malicious software 
		or scripts.






         
 






 







occultopedia is the genuine article, the 
		original and the best internet index of the extraordinary and uncanny, 
		shamelessly copied by many, but never equaled. online since 1995 — at first in a free web space provider 
		(tripod.com), and in 1997 finally 
		with its own domain name and hosting — occultopedia still is the 
		principal online resource for those looking for the unexplained, the 
		curious and the unusual.










occultopedia respects your privacy. as 
		such, no cookies or any other tracking software will be installed as a 
		part of this website's original programming. i do not seek to obtain any personal information 
				beyond what is volunteered through electronic communications 
				(e.g. emails & forms).






 














 
         







occultopedia may appear to be a for profit site, but my site is 
not in reality a commercial one. all of the commercial links are from affiliate 
programs, and the little revenue i get from these is to pay for hosting, 
bandwidth — that can be quite costly if you have a lot of traffic, graphics and 
pages — and any other expenses related to occultopedia's upkeep, support, and maintenance. 
for more details, visit my
ordering 
information page.


occultopedia is a 
	free online 
resource available to the whole world. usage of my word definitions and articles 
by educational institutions, teachers and students alike, is here by granted. 
reproduction for profit, and for display in another web site is strictly 
forbidden, and will be handled as copyright infringement and prosecuted to the 
full extent of the law. however, if you follow 
some simple guidelines, 
i will grant permission for limited reproduction. for more information, please consult my 
	intellectual property rights, warranties and 
disclaimers information page. support occultopedia and make it your 
online shopping 
				destination. if you prefer, you can also make a donation.











help foot the bill: this website 
		is created and maintained by one guy, who also pays the hosting bill. 
		please donate if you like and/or use occultopedia.




















tell 
		me what you think about 
		occultopedia, send some 
		feedback. 
		please, report any 
		problems, errors and dead links 
		as well. any enlightenment on
		grammar and spelling errors 
		is 
		also greatly appreciated.












participate in occultopedia and submit a word 
		definition or article for the occult encyclopedia at my 
		entry submission
        page. if you would like to suggest a web site or page for 
		addition into occultopedia's links database, please go to my
		url submission page.






         
 
















 
         






for specific instructions on 
		how to order the products and services offered throughout this site, 
		check the 
		ordering
        information section. for all your occult and metaphysical 
		needs, visit 
		occultopedia's shop 
		and our directory of retailers.












get 
		thousands of metaphysical and new age titles at
		higher learning, 
		occultopedia's new age 
		book and video store. breathtaking
		new age poster 
		and print designs for your home, office or place of business are 
		available at occultopedia's
		new age 
		posters and art prints shop.





         
 




 

 









 

 






a  b  c  d  e 
    f  g  h  i  j 
    k  l  m  n  o 
    p  q  r  s  t 
    u  v  w  x  y 
    z






 

 







[
home |
browse a-z
| 
		topics
|

		art
| 
		additions & updates
| 
		search
| 
		sources
| 
		links
| 
©
|
		

]








[
submit article
| 
		shop
| 
		latest paranormal news
|
forums
|  
		feedback
|
contact us
|
about
]




 



 

 
 







site 
		creation and design 
		by m. v. g.

copyright
        © occultopedia™ . all rights reserved.











we ensure you 100% guarantee material provide you, as 
	personalised gifts. our 
	coats, 
	leather jackets along with 
	leather jackets for women have high-quality stuff and particularly based 
	on the fashion sector. beside we are offering the best and stylish 
	selections in 
	down jacket.






