

motorcycle battery jumper cables
















motorcycle 
            battery | motorcycle jumper cables | jumper cables | snowmobile accessories 
            | boat jumper cables








 motorcycle 
              battery jump starts with upstart's revolutionary, simple jumper 
              cables. you'll get peace of mind when you buy boat, motorcycle jumper 
              cables and snowmobile accessories. biker's paradiseô is a compact, 
              inexpensive, safe and multi-functional charger of your motorcycle 
              battery. 

              with these car-to-motorcycle/motorcycle-to-motorcycle jumper cables 
              tucked under your seat, you'll be prepared for virtually any battery-related 
              emergency. motorcycle battery dead? is only the driver of a car 
              available for help? plug one end into the car's cigarette lighter 
              and attach the clips to your bike's battery. riding with a buddy? 
              snap on the adapter and attach the clips to both batteries. in both 
              cases, the dead motorcycle battery will be quickly charged. regardless 
              of which configuration you use, an in-line replaceable fuse ensures 
              no harm will come to the vehicles, riders or drivers. 

              these motorcycle jumper cables can also be used to replace laborious, 
              expensive motorcycle trickle chargers. just connect them for a few 
              minutes every few weeks and keep your bike charged and road ready. 
              it's equally useful for charging lawnmower batteries. also, one 
              of the more useful snowmobile accessories you can find. you'll also 
              enjoy your boating more, knowing you have a pair of these boat jumper 
              cables handy. these motorcycle and boat jumper cables work with 
              virtually any 12-volt to 12-volt application. 






| products 
            | how it works | contact 
            us | home |






  
© 
            2000 upstart, inc., all rights reserved 
 site nurtured by mothermedia 
            llc 







