





home | ers

















skip to content













contact ers
about ers
careers
reports and studies



 







 








benefits at a glance
active employees
retirees
former employees
contact ers
about ers
careers
reports and studies
my account login



 







 










benefits at a glance
active employees
retirees
former employees



my account login
what can i use this to do? 





home













a healthy and productive workforce makes texas strongerlearn how











what's happening now?






1099-r and 1095-b information




january 2025 cola for some annuitants




retirement video for state employees starting after aug. 31, 2022 (video)beneficios de jubilación del grupo 4 (video)




buena vidastart fresh in 2025 with healthy habits and access to all your healthselect of texas® benefits!






interested in financial news and resources? check out money matters, the new financial newsletter for active employees.money matters













benefit programsthe following links will take you off the ers website and to the websites of our benefit programs.






health insurancehealthselect of texas®, including healthselectsm secondary and consumer directed healthselectsm administered by blue cross and blue shield of texashealthselectsm medicare advantage plan ppo insured by unitedhealthcareprescription drug coveragehealthselectsm prescription drug program administered by express scriptshealthselectsm medicare rx administered by express scripts medicare (pdp)life and ad&d insurancebasic term, optional term, dependent term and retiree fixed optional life insurance;accidental death & dismemberment (ad&d) dental coveragestate of texas dental choice plansm  administered by delta dentaldeltacare usa dhmo insured by delta dental




tax-advantaged spending/savings accountstexflexsm health care, dependent care and limited-purpose flexible spending accounts administered by inspira financialconsumer directed healthselect health savings accounts administered by optum bankretirementstate of texas retirement administered by erstexa$aversm 401(k) / 457 program administered by empower retirementtexas income protection plansm (tipp)short-term and long-term disability insurance administered by alight solutionsstate of texas visionadministered by eyemeddependent eligibility verificationadministered by alight solutionsdiscount purchase programadministered by beneplace








benefits coordinator community group 


news and resources for benefits coordinators and hr professionalsregister with usgo to community





doing business with ers 


vendors, benefits administrators, investment service providers or external advisorsstart here









common tasks





health benefitsguide to appealsreview health plan informationfind out who is eligible for coveragereview frequently asked questionswellnesswellness resourcesbuena vida 






premium ratesfind out how much i pay for coverage each month:employees and survivorsretireesreview frequently asked questions about your health plans premium






retirement benefitsget answers to questions about my ers retirement.retirement eligibilityapply for retirementreview frequently asked questions






new employeesread about benefits information for new employees.




review all faqs














employee news
retiree news
your benefits, your story







heart health: speaking up about a "silent" disease
february 05, 2025

your heart works hard for you, non-stop. maintaining a healthy blood pressure can help keep yours in good shape. learn how and why it’s important to know your numbers.





a look at your overall health
february 05, 2025

clear vision isn’t the only benefit of getting an annual eye exam. take a look at what an eye exam can reveal, and five more ways you can take care of your vision.





mandatory two-factor authentication in ers online
february 05, 2025

you’ll soon be required to use two-factor authentication to log in to your ers online account. here’s what you need to know.





ers retirement group 4 members get gain-share for second year
february 05, 2025

the gain-share, based on ers’ investment earnings, increases the value of cash-balance pension accounts.





2025 ers board of trustees election (state agencies only): nominations starting soon 
february 05, 2025

starting march 3, employees retirement system of texas (ers) will accept nominations for a candidate to fill an elected position on the ers board of trustees. now’s the time to think about a texas state agency employee to nominate—or prepare to nominate yourself if you’re interested in running for the board.



more news for ers state employees






tax season is right around the corner
december 11, 2024

tax season starts in just a few weeks. here are a few reminders to keep in mind as the year ends.





tax scams: how to know it's really the irs
december 11, 2024

once you file your taxes, it’s important to know how to tell the difference between the irs and a scammer.





message from the executive director
december 11, 2024

thanks to the texas legislature's efforts, retirees who have been retired 20 years or more will get a boost to their annuity in the new year.





2025 ers trustee election: upcoming call for nominations
december 11, 2024

the employees retirement system of texas (ers) is preparing for the 2025 board of trustees election.





will you see a change in your annuity?
december 11, 2024

you may see a change in your monthly annuity.



more news for ers state retirees






member story: jennifer thompson and the gift of mental health self-care
january 08, 2025

this new year, be inspired by jennifer’s story of finding a fresh start through mental health care and yoga. this state agency employee has lived with chronic depression and anxiety for more than 15 years. read how she uses the fitness program available to all healthselectsm participants to help maintain her mental health.





member story: quick-thinking kept this beach accident from ruining anne's family vacation
december 04, 2024

when vacation travel finds you injured far from home, the bcbstx app is there for you. here’s how anne found care when a beach injury required more than aloe vera.





member story: how rebecca castillo saved her own life
march 06, 2024

“there’s never a good time to have cancer. but there is a good time to get diagnosed, and that’s early.” meet rebecca castillo, a mother, curriculum developer who saved her own life with the help of health plan benefits.





at the “heart” of her return to work: affordable health insurance 
february 02, 2022

stacey brown's  heart health was among the reasons brown decided to join the texas health and human services commission (hhsc) in march 2019.





beating pre-diabetes through diet and exercise
november 03, 2021

pre-diabetes is no match for luciano chavez jr.'s determination to beat it!



more news from your benefits, your story











    your browser must support javascript to view this content. please enable javascript in your browser
    settings then try again. events calendar powered by trumba


view event calendars


















employees retirement system of texas
200 east 18th street
austin, tx 78701
toll-free: (877) 275-4377
tty: 711
fax: (512) 867-7438
contact ers


ers links

directory
media newsroom
glossary
reports and studies
careers at ers
open records
section 218
compact with texans
ers investments
report fraud
policies
events



texas links

texas.gov
homeland security
state agency finder
where the money goes
texas veterans





follow ers


subscribe to topic alerts




























                        © 2025 employees retirement system of texas. all rights reserved.
                    


sitemap
report a website problem














