

robert a. j. gagnon home















dr. robert 
a. j. gagnon
professor of theology
houston baptist university
 





new material on this site 
(click here and scroll down)



memo to the washington post: the bible does reject transgender behavior


no, god isn't transgender


stop calling ted cruz a dominionist


the gospel of jesus on sexual binaries


see new link on college materials:   2016-17 gagnon composite ranking (gcr) of the top u.s. colleges


public discussion with daniel kirk of fuller seminary (video)


how should christians respond to the transgender phenomenon?


god's design for sexual behavior (videos)


















robert a. j. gagnon home
articles available online
response to book reviews
material for "two views"
material for "christian sexuality"
answers to emails
college materials robert gagnon.htm







  last updated: 12/3/18

 
			
robert a. j. gagnon is professor of new testament theology at houston baptist university. previously he was a tenured associate professor of new testament at pittsburgh theological seminary, teaching there for 23 years (1994-2017). before that he had a one-year position as visiting professor of religion at middlebury college in vermont. he has a b.a. degree from dartmouth college, an m.t.s. from harvard divinity school, and a ph.d. from princeton theological seminary. his main fields of interest are pauline theology and sexual issues in the bible. he is a member both of the society of biblical literature and of the studiorum novi testamenti societas [society of new testament studies]. he is also an ordained elder at a presbyterian church (usa) in pittsburgh. he is the author of the bible and homosexual practice: texts and hermeneutics (nashville: abingdon press, 2001; 520 pgs.); co-author (with dan o. via) of  homosexuality and the bible: two views (minneapolis: fortress press, 2003; 125 pgs.); and, as a service to the church, provides a large amount of free material on the web dealing with scripture and homosexuality. in addition, he has published scholarly articles on biblical studies in journal of biblical literature, new testament studies, catholic biblical quarterly, novum testamentum, zeitschrift für die alttestamentliche wissenschaft, and horizons in biblical theology; and more popular treatments in the christian century and first things. he is also author of article-length encyclopedia entries in dictionary for theological interpretation of the bible (baker/spck), new dictionary of christian apologetics (ivp), oxford handbook of evangelical theology (oxford university press), and  encyclopedia of christian civilization (wiley-blackwell).  in addition, he has been quoted in, or has written for, the new york times, national public radio, cnn, u.s. news and world report, christianity today, christian century, and other news outlets and popular magazines. 
for a partial curriculum vitae of dr. gagnon go here.
dr. gagnon can be contacted on facebook. 
as with the websites of other hbu faculty members, the views expressed on this website are the faculty member's own and make no claim to representing the official views of houston baptist university. 






       upcoming events










































			 

			



 
						

for online links to audio or video presentations by dr. gagnon on the bible and homosexuality click:


here for a 2-hour discussion/debate with daniel kirk (10/17/15)

god's design for human sexual behavior: produced for pure passion media and mastering life ministries:    part 1 &  part 2.    

an hour video presentation at the family research council in washington, d.c. entitled "jesus, scripture, and the myth of new knowledge arguments about homosexual unions" (june 18, 2014); accessible either on the  frc website or on  youtube.


for a 7-part series on the bible and homosexual practice (6/13):  part 1: genesis 1-2, part 2: the sodom narrative, part 3: the levitical prohibitions, part 4: david and jonathan, part 5: the witness of jesus, part 6: the witness of paul, part 7: the hermeneutical relevance of the bible


here  for an hour video on the bible and homosexual practice at a mere anglicanism conference (1/10)


here (go to the drop-down menu on the left and click "marriage and the bible") for a 50-minute video on jesus' teaching about love and on paul's teaching about homosexual practice in romans 1:24-27; ruth institute, 8/9/09


here for a 58-minute audio on jesus on sex and love; ruth institute, 8/13/10


here  for a 55-minute audio on the secular case against homosexual practice and paul's teaching on homosexual practice; ruth institute, 8/14/10














 
						

to order a copy of the bible and homosexual practice: texts and hermeneutics (nashville: abingdon, 2001; 520 pp., paperback, list $44), at 27% off (down to $32), click on the image below, which will take you to christian book distributors. 






for a list of endorsements go  here for pdf and  here for html. for responses to critiques go here.   a comprehensive treatment of the subject. 













 
						

to order a copy of  homosexuality and the bible: two views (co-authored with dan o. via; minneapolis: fortress press, 2003; 127 pp., paperback, list $19), at 26% off, for only $14, click on the image below, which will take you to christian book distributors. $12 at amazon.com.






if you prefer to order by phone or mail, and/or to do business with a christian retail outfit, you can order the book from  christianbook.com, 1-800-247-4784, for a 15% discount plus shipping charge. click  here if you prefer a mail order form.
for endorsements go  here for pdf and here for html. 
in this book i provide a 52-page, updated synthesis of some of the key arguments of the bible and homosexual practice. dan o. via, professor emeritus of new testament at duke university, contributes a 39-page essay that attempts to make a "biblical" case for supporting homosexual unions. via and i each contribute a 6-page response to the other's essay. 
both my essay and response have note numbers that key in to online notes,  here for pdf and here for html. also online is a substantial rejoinder to via's response, here for pdf and here for html;   as well as an expanded bibliography of important works on both sides of the issue (pdf and html).  





















                   

