






woodland stoves & fireplaces – we sell, install and service, the finest fireplaces, stoves and inserts






















































skip to content



















home














 
aboutbargainsindoor productsoutdoor productsproduct findercontactservicearticlesmake a payment












search














 



























woodland stoves and fireplaces






out of the ordinary products and services





























we specialize in "out of the ordinary" and unusual installations and products.








since 1977, the twin cities' most diverse fireplace products & services in wood, gas, and electric stoves, inserts and fireplaces as well as  hearth and fireplace accessories and essentials. our showroom features over 35 working models.









take a virtual tour of our showroom!


















conveniently located between minneapolis and st paul minnesota, we are the twin cities metro area and western wisconsin’s full-service specialty hearth dealer. with our large selection, you’ll be sure to find a hearth product that will meet both your heating needs and your aesthetic taste.





























indoor productsfrom fireplaces and fireplace inserts, to freestanding stoves, in wood-burning, gas-burning and electric


see indoor products


 



















fireplace glass doorsexplore high-quality fireplace doors, available in both stock and custom designs to suit any style fireplace, save energy and stay warm with a door that adds beauty and function to your fireplace.
 









stoll fireplace doors




wilkening fireplace doors




fireplace worksheet


 





















outdoor productsoutdoor kitchens, pergolas, and “live-fire cooking products, such as wood-fired ovens, grills and fire pits, to bring the indoors out.


see outdoor products


 











 





2023 - 2032 biomass stove tax credit






with the august 16, 2022, signing of the inflation reduction act (ira), high-efficiency biomass heating products once again qualify for a tax credit under section 25(c) of the internal revenue code (“irc” or “tax code”). this new 30 percent tax credit – capped at $2,000 annually – is available for wood-burning appliances installed between january 1, 2023, and december 31, 2032. the credit can be used on the purchase and installation costs of qualifying appliances. to be eligible for the tax credit, an appliance must have a thermal efficiency of at least 75 percent per the higher heating value (hhv) of the fuel. read more about the tax credit.









see qualifying stoves

























2023 - 2032 biomass stove tax credit






with the august 16, 2022, signing of the inflation reduction act (ira), high-efficiency biomass heating products once again qualify for a tax credit under section 25(c) of the internal revenue code (“irc” or “tax code”). this new 30 percent tax credit – capped at $2,000 annually – is available for wood-burning appliances installed between january 1, 2023, and december 31, 2032. the credit can be used on the purchase and installation costs of qualifying appliances. to be eligible for the tax credit, an appliance must have a thermal efficiency of at least 75 percent per the higher heating value (hhv) of the fuel.









learn more






























what we offer
we offer the twin cities' most diverse selection of  fireplace products in response to the many ways our customers use fire and because these products work.
we strive and train to know hearth products so we can help you understand the intricacies of the product you’re buying.

pay us a visit
we do not sell online. we sincerely hope that you visit us in our store. our goal is to assist you in making the decision that is right for you.
we offer site visits to confirm the estimates we will do for you in the store. we also do maintenance on all products we sell. come see us soon for the warmth and comfort of a fire that works for you.
 







visit our showroom











more than
46
years in business


















we are your full-service fireplace shop
















sales 
we offer the twin cities' largest selection of hearth products, and a knowledgeable sales-staff to help guide you through the choices.
 
 

















installation 
we specialize in the installation of: gas & wood-burning stoves, fireplaces & inserts, masonry fireplaces; mason-lite, tulikivi & norsk kleber; outdoor ovens, outdoor fireplaces, fire pits, and contemporary fire features.
 
 

















maintenance 
every fireplace needs regular service to maintain optimum efficiency and guaranteed continued safety. ask about our seasonal specials.
 
 

















service 
eventually your fireplace will need service. let our factory trained technicians keep your hearth products operating safely and efficiently.
 
 












 














contact us













612-338-6606















2901 e franklin ave, minneapolis, mn 55406















info@woodlandstoves.com 











monday – friday  9:30 – 5:30saturday  9:30 – 4:00 


















woodland stoves and fireplaces






sales • installation • service • maintenance






 




 




 













fireplace insert worksheet
make a payment
tax credit
fpx/ lopi fireplace design tool
kozy heat build your own fireplace
valor fireplace design center






© 2025 woodland stoves & fireplaces. all rights reserved.









 
woodland stoves will be closed on thursday, november 28th for thanksgiving. otherwise, assume regular hours (see below).
 























