


	landmark property services inc. | property management











































 





























about us


resident services


apartment search


careers


contact






				 
4901 dickens road, richmond, va suite 119


				 
info@landmark-property.com


				 
804-673-0900



phone


















about us


apartment search


careers


contact



804-673-0900




































































●●●●●●●●























































●●●●●●●●






landmark property services, inc.     a focus on management.

apartment search







	our outstanding services.



multifamily management servicesmanaging more than 6,000 apartment homes and other commercial properties throughout the mid-atlantic, landmark offers a wealth of experience and a proven track record of results.learn more



organizations we work withwhen you help others, you help yourself by creating deeper relationships and more connections.learn more








core principleslandmark’s management philosophy is founded on three core principles.learn more






landmark tools and serviceslandmark property services, inc. uses big firm technologies while still providing the personal attention of a small business.learn more









	featured communities








find a home
there are no results for your search term and filters.


please enter a valid search string















view website





mutual on main apartments
901 east main street
richmond, va  23219
804.676.6234











$1,481 - $3,229
0-2 bedrooms
484-1358 sq ft












view website





broadway apartments
312 east broad street
richmond, va  23219
804.575.7043











from $1,380
1-2 bedrooms
805-1365 sq ft












view website





landmark at marshall broad
5 east marshall street
richmond, va  23219
804.635.3195











from $997
0-2 bedrooms
324-2622 sq ft













view all properties









	we manage & provide homes.







	what is a management company?
a management company is contracted by the board of directors to provide such services as: collection of assessments, supervision of subcontractors, obtaining bids for subcontracted services, providing financial statements and collection reports, as well as a general clearing house for problem solving, communications with homeowners and the board of directors and to serve in an advisor capacity.
read more









read more





	looking for your new career? join #teamlandmark!

	no positions currently available
view all careers







looking for a community management partner?request a management proposal or order a disclosure package. contact us






proud member of naa & vama




 
	what people say







previous comment
                        ❮
                    

next comment
                        ❯
                    


ben, property owner


whether you’re looking for a management partner or the perfect place to call “home,” landmark property services, inc. believes that creating a lasting sense of community for our residents builds the greatest value for our owners, employees, neighborhoods and assets. from our resident exclusive social network to our innovative business technologies, we have created a community that goes beyond the four walls of an apartment or house. you deserve a different kind of management company. join the landmark management community.

i have been impressed with landmark's steady attention to detail, innovation, and desire for improvement.




ashley, regional manager


i am lucky to work for a company that truly understands the power of training and education.




sue, property owner 


landmark property services, inc. has been the management company for my apartments since 2008. i have found them to be very professional and they provide excellent service.




jeff, alphagraphics


landmark property services is a great company to work with.  everyone i have communicated with from their offices since 2006 to the present day has always been very responsive, they have a great team!




resident at old bridge apartments


the apartment complex is very clean, neighbors are wonderful, trash pick-up is a plus, the staff at the office are just amazing at what they do, from the moment you walk in, till you leave, great experience and beautiful apartments very well maintained, laundry room is also very clean and great machines available. over all a 5/5 complex wonderful atmosphere to be a part of each and every day.




resident at willow oaks apartments


the staff is wonderful and the maintenance is on time for the request. i particularly like the quietness of the environment here.




resident at sand ridge apartments


i have lived at the sand ridge apartments for four years now. i really enjoy living here. the staff has always been very helpful with any concerns that i have had. every time i've had an maintenance issue the staff and the maintenance people has always been prompt with any issues or concerns. the staff is always having some type of activities for the tenants to participate in and the gatherings.




resident at tamarack on the lake 


had a great experience during an emergency. water leak that penetrated drywall, bulkhead, carpet in two rooms and stairs. came asap with a full crew. went right to work. fantastic ! great start to a terrible situation. couldn't be happier with the expertise. grateful and relieved. thank you!




frank, bod president


our association is fortunate that kellie (and landmark property services, inc.) is dedicated and care about the owners and the entire community. please tell debbie before she even thinks about moving you as our association property manager that we do not give up the best easily. thank you!




kimberly, association owner


thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!  landmark property services, inc. has been amazing! everyone i've spoken with in the building has reiterated how awesome you all have been. yesterday, we were standing in my muddy unit and you all were there quickly help remedy this tough situation.  please pass my kudos to landmark and team!










 
	organizations we work with





















































copyright © 2025 landmark property services, inc.. all rights reserved.


site map
privacy policy




site


about us


apartment search


careers


contact











4901 dickens road, richmond, va suite 119


804-673-0900


info@landmark-property.com










rental assistance website (opens in a new tab)
hud



























information for disabled persons website (opens in a new tab)
ada

























