






patchman music, llc online - "the wind controller specialists"





patchman
        music
        online

    (click below)





               home




secure
                order form




wind
                controller faq




wind
                controller soundbanks






               used
                gear




format
                info




wind
                controller forum




wind
                controller links










































welcome to patchman music, llc online!

patchman music, llc is an authorized
          dealer for akai,
          yamaha digital
          music products, roland, berglund, steiner,
          the midijet
            pro wireless midi system, hosa,
          midi
          solutions, protec, and others.
          we also maintain a large inventory of used
            gear which always includes a large amount of wind controller
        related items.
patchman music specializes
          in everything relating to midi wind controllers and breath controllers
          including the roland aerophone pro ae-30, ae-20, ae-10g, ae-05, and ae-01, akai ewi5000, akai ewi solo, akai
            ewi usb, akai
              ewi4000s, berglund nuevi and nurad, yamaha
                wx5 and vl70-m,
          and wireless
            midi systems. we can also put together a complete wind controller,
          windcontroller, or windsynth system for you. click on any of the icons to visit various areas of this site
          based on manufacturer.
patchman music is also a
          leading third party sound design company. our pro patches catalog
          is one of the largest in the world with hundreds of soundbanks
          supporting akai, alesis, apple, casio, ensoniq, korg, kurzweil, native instruments, 
          oberheim, propellerhead, roland, studio electronics, and yamaha synthesizers
          and samplers. we also offer the most comprehensive library of
          professional wind controller
            and breath controller soundbanks in the world.
visit this site often for the most complete and current information
          on the entire patchman music
          pro music product line. we hope you enjoy browsing our online
          store!
matt
        patchman music









check
                out the incredible patchman turbo vl upgrade chip for the yamaha
                vl70-m







 our customers...




patchman music sound design creations and products can be
      heard throughout the world on tv and radio, on stage and in studio
      recordings with the finest talents in the music business including herbie hancock, michael brecker, tom scott, bob mintzer (yellowjackets),
      paul "wix" wickens (paul mccartney's keyboardist and music director), steve tavaglione, jeff kashiwa (the rippingtons), nyle steiner, mike phillips (stevie
      wonder), ricky martin, kirk whalum, everette harp, courtney pine, bobby read
      (bruce hornsby), fred jackson (american idol band), dave mathews
      band, dino soldo (lionel richie, beyonce, elton john, leann rimes,
      tower of power, ray charles), edwin mccain, freddie ravel (earth,
      wind, & fire), andy hamilton (george michael, duran duran,
      paul mccartney, dexy's midnight runners), michal urbaniak (miles
      davis), michael bolton, oscar peterson, norbert stachel (tower
      of power), jon anderson (yes), manheim steamroller, jaared (peter
      white), ed calle (arturo sandoval), tim cappello (ringo starr),
      dianna ross, scott kinsey, the tonight show band, korn, lenny
      price (earl klugh), ron blake (the saturday night live band,
      christian mcbride, joey defrancesco), simply red, hammer, jeffrey
      osborne, mark douthit, rob mounsey (grammy nominated producer,
      arranger, synthesist for michael franks, paul simon, eric clapton,
      donald fagen), luis miguel, brian simpson, frankie vallie, randy
      crawford, daryl dragon (captain & tennille), marshall allen
      (sun ra arkestra), richie havens, james brandon (mickey gilley),
      dan preston (luis miguel), paul taylor, jimmy haag (frank sinatra,
      buddy rich, wayne newton), ringling
      brothers, the berklee college of music, the eastman school of
      music, stephane chausse (michel legrand), gil melle, and
      numerous other top professionals worldwide!





 our guarantee...





we offer a full lifetime warranty on all of our software soundbank products.
          all software produced by patchman music is guaranteed to be free
          from defects for the life of the software. if you ever encounter
          a defect, simply return the original defective software to us
          along with the cost of shipping to receive your replacement.
          this guarantee is valid only within the united states for original
          purchasers. foreign orders must add an additional $10 (u.s.)
          for shipping and handling.      




 how to
              order...




in order to assure the lowest possible price and the highest
          level of personalized service, patchman
            music products are only available directly from patchman
          music. for quick, convenient, and secure ordering we accept paypal.




 questions
              or comments...




if you have any questions regarding patchman
          music pro music products or wish to report a problem with
          this website, please contact: matt@patchmanmusic.com


"let us give your synth a whole
      new identity!"
this page was last updated saturday, may 4, 2024
copyright ©1996-2024
              patchman music, llc, all rights reserved
purchase terms and conditions
all trademarks are property of their respective
    holders 






















