



















vinyl fence wholesaler | pvc privacy vinyl fence supplier + manufacturer













































































 



 call 507-206-4154

menumenuhomeabout us

vinyl fence advantagefaqquality assurancereviewsas seen on tvour blog
products

product listing

privacy fencesimulated stone fenceashland privacy fenceblack privacy fencehorse fencefarm fencesplit rail fencecrossbuck fenceblack horse fencewhite picket fencesemi-privacy fencepool fencealuminum fence 
product listing

deck railingstair railingporch railingfence accessoriesrailing accessoriespost cap optionsgates & hardwareavailable colorsproduct guide 

installation

vinyl fence help centervinyl fence planning guidevinyl fence installation
professionals

sign up - be a distributortruckload saleorder samplesbrochures
get a quote

vinyl privacy fencevinyl horse fence farm fencesimulated stone fenceashland privacy fencevinyl picket fencesemi-privacy fencevinyl pool fencedeck railingstair railingporch railingaluminum fence
contact us





price match guarantee




heavy duty commercial grade vinyl fencing
when quality, price and service matter.
request free quote





#1 source for vinyl fence.
factory direct 24/7 - fast shipping!
request free quote





privacy fence  wind certified to 130 mph!
transferable lifetime warranty. fast shipping a+ 24/7 customer service
request free quote





strongest vinyl horse fence made in usa
transferable lifetime warranty. fast shipping a+ 24/7 customer service
request free quote










vinyl fence wholesaler
industry leader for heavy duty vinyl fence and railing manufacture and supplier for over 25 years! 100% backed by the strongest transferable lifetime warranty in our industry.  


purchase wholesale vinyl fence factory direct and save money on the very best vinyl fencing manufactured today. our heavy duty vinyl fencing is commercial grade, manufactured with the highest quality materials and thickest profiles available. as the premier vinyl fence supplier and distributor, we provide nationwide shipping on all of our products plus 24/7 installation support for all shipments.  


as one of the very best vinyl fence manufacturers, we offer a huge selection of vinyl fence panels — including privacy fence, deck railing and vinyl horse fence — that add actual value to your property backed by our industry-leading transferable lifetime warranty. we provide the highest quality vinyl fencing and deck railing manufactured in usa. contact us 24/7 for a free quote for your project.



on sale now





on sale now

heavy duty vinyl privacy fence


on sale now

classic vinyl picket fence


on sale now

heavy duty vinyl horse fence and farm fence on sale


on sale now

simulated stone fence sale


on sale now

ashland privacy fence on sale now


on sale now

semi privacy fence vinyl pool fence


on sale now

commercial grade deck railing and stair railing


on sale now

heavy duty aluminum fence


on sale now

black privacy fence







largest selection of vinyl privacy fence panels and styles including: simulated stone fence and ashland privacy fence.
we specialize in commercial and residential projects both big and small. view our complete vinyl fence product line.
easy vinyl fence installation — no wood, brackets, or screws needed for our heavy duty vinyl fence panels —thus making installation and upkeep a breeze.
a variety of vinyl fence color options: white, tan, gray and clay and mocha walnut.
24/7 customer support and the best shipping, packaging and customer service in the industry. contact us for a free quote.




view our large selection of vinyl fence accessories including: post skirts, lights, and gate hardware, plus a huge selection of vinyl post caps, including solar post caps and low voltage post caps.
our vinyl fencing is a huge step up in quality compared to the pvc panels you can find at your local big box stores. industry leader for heavy duty vinyl fence and railing manufacture and supplier for over 25 years! 100% backed by the strongest warranty in our industry. transferable lifetime warranty.
also, most orders ship within 5-7 business days.
we are always here and ready to help and hope to work with you on your fence or railing project




featured products




ashland privacy fence
ashland privacy fence is a simulated wood privacy fence. features beautiful wood grain panels available in five unique colors: nantucket gray, red cedar, walnut brown, golden cedar and black oak. just like our  simulated stone fence, our ashland privacy fence is shipped pre-built plus installation is fast and very basic to accomplish. the natural wood grain ashland fence panels will not fade or discolor and always look like new wood fence. further more, this fence is wind certified to 130 mph and backed by a lifetime warranty. ashland privacy fence is a perfect option for residential or commercial fence projects. the beauty of wood without the maintenance. contact us 24/7 for a quote.
click for details and pricing





simulated stone fence
this is possibly the most beautiful privacy fence manufactured, plus as another added advantage, our simulated stone fence is wind certified to 130 mph. also, all of our simulated stone fence panels are shipped pre-built and are easy to install. go green’ with simulated stone fence. also keep in mind this fence is approved for commercial projects including sound wall and noise reduction projects. we provide six granite colors to choose from. contact us 24/7 for a quote.
click for details and pricing





extra tall sound wall simulated stone privacy fence
simulated stone fence panels are approved for idot sound wall applications and available in many size options. view our 8 foot tall sound wall, 12 foot tall sound wall and up to 16 foot tall sound wall privacy fence. also we specialize in extra tall privacy fences and sound walls for the department of transportation (dot) and the federal highway administration (fhwa) in many states. therefore, compared to pre-cast concrete sound wall panels, a simulated stone sound wall will help your state reduce costs.
click for details and pricing




wind certified privacy fence wind certified to 130 mph! watch our vinyl fencing 130 mph wind test!



strongest vinyl privacy fences manufactured in usa.
view details

thanks for finding us online and viewing our company. because in this day and age, everything is becoming automated and digital, it is almost impossible to find great customer service and support from an expert that actually cares about your project. consequently in our fence and railing industry, poor quality products and bad customer service is the norm. this is exactly what makes us different. working direct with the actual vinyl fence and railing manufacture can make a big difference for your project, plus it will save you money, stress, and time.
our goal is to provide you with a great experience from start to finish. hence, we work hard to provide excellent customer service and support, along with the highest quality and strongest vinyl fence products manufactured in usa. you are invited to get to know us as you will find that we are not the same as your local big box store that only cares about the bottom line. when you speak to us, you will see that we actually care about your project and are experts in our industry.
we provide complete expert support. also, what sets us apart is the service we provide before, during and after your purchase. to summarize, our goal is to provide you the very best vinyl fence and railing along with the very best service and support. in conclusion, we are unique in our industry and not in the same as the big box stores and giant whale corporations. as a result it seems they only care about the bottom line and push their low grade cheap plastic fence that can blow away in the first storm.
therefore, you will receive expert advice along with the very best vinyl fence manufactured in usa. therefore, when you have a question simply give us a call or email. you will experience our complete service first hand and rest assured you will not be dealing with a person working in the paint department nor the lawnmower aisle. also, as we are fence experts, we will provide you with expert support to ensure your fence is planned, ordered and installed correctly the first time!
in conclusion, each project is unique and your project is very important to us. therefore our fence experts will help you through your entire project to ensure it is done right the first time. because we are real people and not machines, we do not claim to be perfect. as a result, if ever we make a mistake, we will always work to make it right. also, please click through our site to view our extensive product line. when you have questions you can email or simply give us a call. we are always here ready to assist and hope to work with you on your vinyl fence or railing project!
save money! vinyl fence factory direct. fast shipping, 24/7 support request a free quote



what do others have to say?
alexander pytlak"justyn is very responsive and accommodating. product is incredible. i moved into my home 8 months ago, which came with a vinyl fence. i needed to open up one of the sides to allow passage into the back for tree removal. i decided instead of removing a post and replacing it with the single gate i would just install a double gate. the double gate quality and appearance compared to the previously installed single gate and remaining fence is leaps and bounds beyond. i would recommend these guys to anyone that is looking for a competitively priced product that exceeds the quality of any other in the market!"
read morewade beringer"if you want a privacy fence this is the only manufacturer that i would buy it from! we installed a 7' white vinyl privacy fence around our pool in 2014. it has been through several hail storms, 70-80 mph winds countless times and the fence looks like we installed it yesterday. great product and great customer service!"
read moreaustin parks"justyn has always been very responsive and excellent communication skills. we have purchased multiple fencing supplies and will continue to purchase in the future. thank you!"
read moretodd d’angelo"very high quality product with great customer service. we had to match an old fence and they did it perfectly. stop looking and call them. you won't be sorry."
read moremichael t"an ugly wood fence was originally installed for all the homes in our development four years ago.  we bought our home in 2016 and knew that we would have to change this as it was the first thing you noticed when your rolled up.  we had a beautiful home with an ugly grayish warping wood fence. i do not understand how a contractor can build such beautiful homes and then wrap it with wood fence!  if they would have spent a little more i would not have had to replace my fence!  some contractors are really stupid.  our house has beautiful lifetime siding so why would they install a wood fence?  they could have charged more for the new homes when they built them if they would have put up a beautiful vinyl fence.  so we called up vinyl fence wholesaler.  i have to say i was very surprised as i was immediately connected with a fence expert that was very kind and helpful. you know when you go to a big box store, and you have to find someone to help and they know nothing about the product they sell.  well it was the complete opposite with vinyl fence wholesaler. they asked for the details on our project and then took the time to walk through the layout. they suggested some fence styles and asked me to go through their web site to pick out the style that we liked best.  they were extremely helpful and patient with us as we knew we wanted a privacy fence, however did not know which one. they told us to fill out a quote request online or to call back.  we picked the tan rainier privacy fence.  to make a long story shorter.. we placed our order and we received it 4 days later!  our sales rep worked with our handyman as support for the installation. now we have the most beautiful fence in our neighborhood and we are telling all of our neighbors to contact this company.  i can tell you first hand the fence is a giant leap up over the low grade junk you can get from my local retail stores. our new fence is wind certified up to 130 mph and added actual value to our home.  our fence also has a transferable lifetime warranty.  how cool is that?!  so if ever we decide to sell our home the warranty transfers to the next home owner.  i highly recommend this company as they were a true pleasure to work with.  in this day and age great customer service is almost impossible to find. just call charter and you will know what i mean.  thank you vinyl fence wholesaler!!  we have passed your info on to all of our neighborhood!"
read morerachael frank"we purchased 40 sections of 6' rainier grey and 10 sections of 6' vicksburg grey and white fence from vinyl fence wholesaler/texas privacy fence a few years ago. the fence was installed as directed to withstand 130 mph winds. a month and a half ago harvey blew through town with the eye wall passing directly over our home. sustained winds of 163 mph were recorded with gusts exceeding 200 mph. the only damage came from two forty foot tall palms which were blown down and landed on one section of the rainier portion. the fallen trees drove down through the top rail and drove four staves four foot into the ground. i had a spare top beam and extra staves in the garage and was able to repair the section in twenty minutes. the wind was accompanied by a tidal surge that by the time it reached our home was down to approximately three and a half feet high. this knocked over out ac which fell against one of the two gates that close over the driveway. this broke one of the gates loose, which was then caught by the winds and was damaged. replacement parts were received within two days of requesting them. i don't think you can find a better fence. the piles of fence parts pushed as rubble to the street for pickup would seem to bear me out."
read moreben carnahan"i definitely recommend vinyl fence wholesaler! they have great customer service, answered all my questions and were completely professional. i have always been happy with their products and services!"
read morekristine heckler"my new fence looks great. it was an absolute pleasure working with this company and i definitely work with them again in the future."
read more    


homeproduct catalog installationhelp centersite mapget a free quotecontact us
© 1999-2025, a vinyl fence wholesaler, all rights reserved.




















