


jay's taekwondo - jay's taekwondo home page







































menu








jay's taekwondo
















				home
			



				member's only resources
			





			tots and tykes
		





			novice
		





			intermediate
		





			advanced
		





			black belt
		





			master black belts
		





			calendar and events
		>






			online training (classes 1-9)
		





			online training (classes 10-24)
		





			vote!
		










				contact us
			



				what we offer
			




	like us on facebook













shape up and sharpen up this autumn: join jay's taekwondo's growing community of elite athletes, recreational sports enthusiasts, and future black belt students!
work towards your black belt. fulfill your fitness goals. become a champion. help your child's concentration and self control. learn self defense techniques. come and join the jay's taekwondo community!we provide separate classes for toddlers, children, and teens & adults of all abilities and one-on-one classes for student-specific training - contact us today to find the right class for you!all jay's taekwondo students have access to exclusive member's only benefits located in password protected areas of our website.  please see an instructor to register for your access code!














 
great grandmaster david keller
be instructed by great grandmaster david keller -8th degree black beltnational championinternational refereeinternational coachalaska state president
 











visit our eagle river studio 

located at 12340 old glenn hwy, #202 in eagle river.  see the map for directions 907-696-0044.

 

 











visit our matsu studio

located at 1151 n. shenandoah drive, ste #1 in palmer.  see the map for directions907-376-7433.

 

 











visit our online vault
we offer a taekwondo treasure-vault of recorded online classes and seminars for all ages and abilities to help you practice when you're not at the dojang!send us a message to register for a members-only login to access the vault. this feature is available to all new and current students!
 






 


request a member login








 






visit our online stores
looking for jay's taekwondo school wear apparel and gifts? visit our online stores today!scan or click the bar codes below to start your shopping trip!









shop here for jay's taekwondo t-shirts and sweatshirts and more!

 

 




shop here for unique jay's taekwondo gifts and accessories.

 



















 

 


version: mobile | web
jay's taekwondo





