



























district of colorado | united states bankruptcy court







































skip to main content








united states bankruptcy court


                                    district of colorado                


the honorable kimberley h. tyson, chief judge | kenneth s. gardner, clerk of court







search form

search this site 





 




text size: 

decrease font size
reset font size
increase font size

 



home
court infocontact us
employment
locations/directions
court holidays
bankruptcy filing statistics
fees
court outreach
general information
requests for certified copies
transcripts & audio recordings
ada accommodations
zoom meeting of creditors

calendar
judges' infochief judge kimberley h. tyson (kht)
judge michael e. romero (mer)
judge thomas b. mcnamara (tbm)
judge cathleen d. parker (cdp)
judge joseph g. rosania, jr. (jgr)
opinions
unpublished opinions
judicial conduct & disability
judicial seminar disclosure

rulesfederal rules
local rules
orders

electronic serviceselectronic filing (for attorneys)
public access to court electronic records (pacer)
electronic dropbox
online payments
voice case information system (vcis)
online list of creditors
electronic bankruptcy noticing (ebn)
proof of claim
unclaimed funds
request discharge copy
zoom video conferences
telephonic hearings

for attorneys and e-filerscm/ecf nextgen information
e-filer practice guide
electronic filing information
electronic case filing (ecf) accounts
requests for certified copies
training materials
bench / bar meetings
pacer exemptions
electronic evidence
small business reorganization act (sbra)

filing without an attorneyguide to filing bankruptcy
understanding bankruptcy
free legal help
credit counseling & debtor education courses
means test information
frequently asked questions (faqs)
bankruptcy petition preparers
creating a list of creditors
zoom meeting of creditors

formsnational forms
local forms









 please note:
nationwide notices of electronic filing (nefs) scam.  
there has been nationwide reporting of fake notices of electronic filing (nefs) being sent to attorneys and law firms across the country.  read more here https://www.cob.uscourts.gov/news/nationwide-notices-electronic-filing-nefs-scam.







case locator (pacer) »
e-filing (cm/ecf) »
file a claim (epoc) »electronic dropbox » 





welcome to the home page of the united states bankruptcy court for the district of colorado.  if you have any suggestions for improvement, please send us a message using our contact form.
mission statement
the clerk’s office for the united states bankruptcy court for the district of colorado maintains accurate, accessible records and provides exceptional customer service to each and every customer.
translate: español | tiếng việt | عربى | русский | 中文 | deutsche












court location




 denver 
 721 19th st.
	denver, co  80202
 
 phone: 720-904-7300
court hours:

	intake and records m-f 8:00am-4:30pm 

	 

	phone m-f 8:00am-5:00pm

	 

	drop box m-f 6:30am-6:00pm
this is a secure government building.  a valid government issued id and security screening are required to enter.

 u.s. bankruptcy court
 u.s. district court
 10 circuit court of appeals
 public parking
 light rail stop
  

 





live support 



calendars 



online payments 



your employee rights and how to report wrongful conduct 



email updates 



covid-19 information 


other websites






tenth circuit court of appeals

district court - district of colorado

probation and pretrial services

u.s. trustee website

court library

faculty of federal advocates

free bankruptcy clinic

 






news & announcements




 mon, 12/09/2024 
 amended notice of bankruptcy judge vacancy, district of utah 
 
	the united states court of appeals for the tenth circuit seeks applications to fill two bankruptcy judgeships in the district of utah.
 more »  

 mon, 11/18/2024 
 united states trustee’s notice regarding change in  chapter 7 trustee case assignments 
 the united states trustee’s office is implementing state-wide chapter 7 trustee case assignments  more »  

 wed, 11/06/2024 
 court closed thursday, november 28 and friday,  november 29 
 the court will be closed thursday, november 28 and friday, november 29 for the thanksgiving holid more »  

 wed, 11/06/2024 
 nationwide notices of electronic filing (nefs) scam 
 there has been nationwide reporting of fake notices of electronic filing (nefs) being sent to att more »  


view all »

 













home | contact us | employment | glossary of legal terms | assisted listening devices | privacy policy | website translation
 





 










