




ent docs (formerly) - now research your healthent docs (formerly) | now research your health

























































 
entdocsear, nose, throat & allergy testing & treatment

(972) 492-6990

 





ear
nose
throat
allergy
 























today's pollen count for monday, february 17, 2025


please try back in a bit!
the current counts for today are still being updated.

today's pollen countmonthly archives


 
welcome to the allergy testing and treatment center for dallas/fort worth (dfw) & plano, texas. we specialize in both medical issues and aesthetic improvement for the head and face. jeffrey m. adelglass, m.d. is the medical director of the allergy testing and treatment center, which specializes in allergy treatment as well as problems associated with the ears, nose, throat and sinuses.
 
would you like to receive allergy updates via e-mail?
receive allergy counts, news and information on allergy testing via email by joining our e-newsletter list.

sign up now
for email newsletters you can trust.

 
read the recent allergy feature in d magazine: “why you’re allergic to north texas”.
 
on the beauty side of dr. adelglass’ practice, his expertise in the field of facial plastics and surgery allow him to provide industry – setting medical spa services, including microdermabrasion, botox, facial filling, and fotofacial to get that beautiful face you have always wanted. visit our site www.skintastic.com for more information.
 
our mission is to provide unsurpassed medical and customer care and our goal is to make your visit convenient, efficient and pleasant. we make every effort to see patients on the same day they call for an appointment. as has always been our practice, we welcome your suggestions for how we may serve you better.
 
this web site is designed to familiarize you with our office procedures and services so that you will feel comfortable when you come for your appointments. if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask any member of the staff for more information.
 
yours truly,
jeffrey m. adelglass, m.d., f.a.c.s.













 



  about us
  patient forms
  allergy testing

 








 







research your health (jeffrey adelglass, m.d., f.a.c.s.)
at texas health center for diagnostics and surgery (adjacent to texas health presby hospital)
6020 w. parker road, suite 305
plano, tx 75093
phone: 972-999-1155
fax: 469-814-9251

 


home
pollen count
ent info
privacy policy
links
  copyright © 2013-2014 - dr. adelglass - all rights reserved
 
 
















