










































    
    local business advocacy | philomath area chamber of commerce | philomath, or
  
  















              

      

resource center


   

join the chamber


   

account login




       home



  directory



  about


   about us



  chamber board



  contact



  quick links





  visitor information



  calendar



  membership


   member benefits



  member's area



  the chamber welcome center





  chamber events


   trunk or treat



  business after hours



  sip & stroll





  samaritan awards














    
 





       
  





    welcome to the philomath area chamber of commerce




   the philomath area chamber of commerce is an organization of businesses from in and around philomath working with local officials, community organizations and chamber members to maintain philomath as a great place to live and locate business.  the chamber provides a focus for local business people to come together and link to the broader community.it is a membership organization governed by an active chamber board and provides members with opportunities to come together for monthly programs, committees and annual events while promoting business, addressing issues of common concern and contributing to the larger philomath area business community.
our mission:  the philomath area chamber of commerce creates a stronger more supportive business community through advocacy, tourism, community involvement and professional development.our vision: the philomath area chamber of commerce envisions a strong, diverse business community ensuring sustainable growth, while maintaining our small-town charm.



   the chamber is actively inviting everyone to come and join us in our activities.
check out our upcoming events and learn more about the chamber's activities and plans.click the link below to submit you own event! 
  

event submission

 
  loading events






  


      upcoming events 
  



  tell us what you need
 
products? services? other?we have members that can fulfill your needs. submit a request for information or a quote to multiple businesses.
  

submit a request


 new members 
  








   







          about the chamber

mission:the philomath area chamber of commerce creates a stronger more supportive business community through advocacy, tourism, community involvement and professional development. vision:the philomath area chamber of commerce envisions a strong, diverse business community ensuring sustainable growth, while maintaining our small-town charm.

 get in touch:
director@philomathchamber.org﻿541- 929-2454
you can also find us here:
    

 








    


   © 2025 
all rights reserved | philomath area chamber of commerce



 privacy & terms | powered by :
chamber nation






   





















































































































  
  share by:







  


