        
	home
                              












       
  

 

log in

email / username



password






                                    remember me
                                



log in




 no account? register here! register    






  
made in america
our services
news & events




 sign in   cart       sign in   cart      menu    close   
 
         













innovation since 1880
american-made

                        we have been manufacturing tools in the united states since our founding in 1880. learn more about starrett's u.s. footprint - facilities and the tools manufactured there today. order a free copy of our "made in america" brochure.


learn more


















starrett re-invents the indicator
introducing the w4900 touchscreen electronic indicator

                        starrett has invented a new indicator that combines capability, accuracy, durability and versatility with an ease of use that will blow you away. indicators with lots of features are common. this is the only one with an intuitive interface that will help you work faster and frustration-free.


learn more


















follow starrett collaborators
check out the starrett community!

                        we've created a page where you can explore partners, fans and friends of starrett. click "community" in the top right corner of the home page to visit the page. explore their content and follow them to stay engaged! 


learn more


















jobs available!
join team starrett

                        whether you are just starting out on your career path, or possess skills and experience that will contribute to the world's greatest tool makers, consider joining the starrett team! click here for a list of jobs available, or to share your information and interest so that we might match your goals with an opportunity.


explore opportunities


















the world's most secure and scalable
wireless data collection system

                        datasure 4.0 can be customized for the size of your operation so you get exactly what you need without sacrificing security. the new range of starrett wireless tools connects directly to the system, and tools with spc output can connect by attaching an end node. and with free software, datasure 4.0 is the safest and least expensive way to get your measurements directly into your spc software.
                    

learn more


















world's largest band saw manufacturer
unleash precision: starrett intenss band saw blade

                        cut with confidence: starrett intenss band saw blade - engineered for exceptional performance!
                    

get started


















starrett meatkutter band saw blade
effortless meat cutting:

experience the ultimate in meat cutting efficiency with the starrett meatkutter band saw blade. specially designed for the meat processing industry, this blade features a unique tooth geometry that minimizes waste and maximizes yield.  if you're looking for a blade that can handle the toughest cuts with ease, look no further than the starrett meatkutter band saw blade.


check it out!


















for production environments...
carbide tipped band saw blades

                        ideal for cutting extremely hard, abrasive materials. withstands extreme cutting pressures and offers a high resistance to wear and fatigue.
                    

learn more


















introducing
3900a electronic indicators

                        these new indicators are part of our global series. they are starrett-produced for those who want legendary starrett accuracy and reliability at a budget price point.
                    

shop now


















special savings!
today's deals

check out our specially priced items with limited availability – available first come, first served while supplies last!


click to save




























distributor locator















catalogs












our

products










see details



precision measuring tools









see details



band saw blades









see details



precision granite surface plates









see details



vision and optical systems









see details



flat stock









see details



force measurement









see details



laser measurement system









see details



gage blocks









see details



precision shop tools









see details



lubricants









see details



construction, power tool accessories










resource articles 






january 15, 2025  @ the surfaces that calibration labs rely on to be precise
what you need to know about precision granite inspection products
helpful tips for working with a reputable supplier to provide you with a precision granite inspection solution that answers your needs.




december 12, 2024  @ learn more about starrett combination squares
frequently asked questions on the starrett combination square





july 3, 2023  @ band saw blades
tube and pipe sawing: varying applications demand different solutions
an overview of factors that affect blade performance and end results when cutting tubes, profiles and bundles.




may 2, 2023  @ hardness testers
hardness testers ‒ know your options for best results.
understanding the different hardness testing types and systems can be useful to determine an optimal solution. hardness testing functionality has evolved and now users can dial into world-class caliber instrumentation which more closely aligns with their applications at hand.




may 1, 2023  @ data collection
sme aerospace & defense yearbook
the latest data collection systems are designed to dependably and accurately acquire precision measurement data in an extensive range of applications and distances.




may 2, 2023  @ hole saws
tips for successful hole sawing
tips and guidelines for selecting and using hole saws for best results and highest productivity.




may 2, 2023  @ band saw blades
tips on specifying a carbide-tipped band saw blade





may 4, 2023  @ band saw blades
sawing starts with the material
all materials present unique cutting issues. understanding the material characteristics before starting to cut presents the best opportunity to achieve the longest band saw blade life and production results.




may 3, 2023  @ reciprocating saw blades
recip blades - a better alternative for tube & pipe cutoff
3x power recip blades offer a safer and more economical solution for cutting tube and pipes compared to cut-off wheels.




may 2, 2023  @ reciprocating saw blades
dialing in your power x3: how to choose the correct reciprocating blade





may 3, 2023  @ band saw blades
importance of systematic documented cost savings in band saw applications
dedicating some time to run cost savings tests can result in dramatic savings that can protect your company in a virulent market or increase cash on hand for further growth and investments.




may 4, 2023  @ data collection
data collection evolves
a history of data collection leading to today's advanced solutions, and a comparison of 3 different methods of measuring and recording.




may 2, 2023  @ precision hand tools
precision measuring tools & gages primer
basic requirements for qc




may 2, 2023  @ precision hand tools
getting the best out of bore gages
data collection capability, careful selection and use are key.




may 2, 2023  @ precision hand tools, data collection
5 strategies to optimize qc by using wireless gages and data collection systems
wireless data collection software systems working in conjunction with wireless electronic gages can increase productivity, reduce errors, provide full documentation and automate the acquisition process.




may 2, 2023  @ gage blocks, surface plates
gaging is baseless without standards.
primary standards play vital role for producing consistent, accurate gaging results.




may 2, 2023  @ special gage division
special gage solutions optimize measurement for many  unique applications
even with the availability of hundreds of standard precision tools and gages, sometimes measuring challenges are best solved with a specially made gage.




may 2, 2023  @ special gage division
you’ve made it, but can you inspect it?
scoped out correctly and at the right juncture, sometimes the only inspection solution is a custom gage.




may 2, 2023  @ precision hand tools
how digital indicators work
the primary components of an electronic indicator and what they do.




may 15, 2023  @ precision hand tools
the world of indicators
since the late 1880s, indicators still play an important role in manufacturing.  as they have advanced over the years, the initial concept of the indicator still holds true --a need to measure small measurements and angles










news








july 1, 2024 
new w4900 touch screen indicator
by: the l.s starrett company
starrett announces w4900 - the world's first full-capability touchscreen electronic indicator that delivers an unparalleled combination of versatility, performance, accuracy and ease of use.


                        read more




march 28, 2024  | welded-to-length band saw blades now available on starrett.com
band saw blades now available on starrett.com
by: the l.s. starrett company
now available on starrett.com - welded-to-length band saw blades. with a huge selection, aggressive price and low shipping charges, ordering band saw blades directly on starrett's website is a great option.


                        read more




march 11, 2024 
the l.s. starrett company enters into a merger agreement with middleground capital to become private company
by: john tripp
the l.s. starrett company (“starrett” or the “company”) (nyse: scx) today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement in a go-private transaction with an affiliate of middleground capital (“middleground”) in an all-cash transaction for $16.19 per share. the purchase price represents an approximately 63% premium to the closing stock price of the company’s stock on march 8, 2024, the last trading day prior to announcing the transaction.


                        read more




july 1, 2023  | new band saw blade for structurals, pipes, tubes and bundles
introducing high productivity tennax™-pro bi-metal band saw blades for structural cutting
by: charlie starrett
new tennax™-pro band saw blades  increases performance by 25% on tubes, pipes, structurals and bundles.


                        read more










related informationprecision measuring toolsprotractors & angle measurementsprecision hand tools


                     email signup 


sign up to receive the latest information on new starrett products, special offers
			and more.










first name









last name









email address





 by signing up you agree to receive emails from starrett® with news, special offers, promotions and other information. you can unsubscribe at any time. see updated privacy policy or contact us at support@starrett.com. 











    


starrett is a global manufacturer founded in 1880 in athol, massachusetts. the hallmark of starrett quality and innovation is rooted in america. we are proud of our heritage and continue to make products in the usa using globally sourced materials and components from our factories and suppliers.  click on the ‘proudly made in the usa’ icon where it appears to learn more.  regardless of country of origin, the starrett brand is your assurance of unmatched precision and craftsmanship.
    
  

























  

©starrett . all rights reserved.
    


about us 


licensed merchandise 


terms & conditions 


privacy policy 


locations 


       

toll free: (888) 674-7443toll: (978) 249-3551fax:(978) 249-8495 
          