


anglicans online | the online centre of the anglican / episcopal world




















independent • on
        the web since 1994• more
        than 30,000 links







noted recently 
sites
        new to ao

news archive
archives of our news
      centre 1998-2019

basics
start
        here
anglicans believe...
the prayer book
the bible
resources
resources
      a to z
world anglicanism
anglican
        communion
in full communion
not in the communion 
dioceses and parishes
africa
australia
bangladesh
canada
england
europe
hong kong
india
ireland
japan
new zealand
pakistan
scotland
south africa
sri lanka 
usa
wales
world
add a site or link to ao
add
        a site to ao
link to ao
 about anglicans online
back
        issues
beginnings
about our logo
 
 
anglicans online is the premier and largest resource directory of anglicana on the internet. the index in the left-hand column should take you to whatever you are looking for, in case a search engine did not already do that.
we are independent (not part of any official church organization). we are nonprofit (all of the labor and technology is donated). we believe in the anglican communion, and look to the anglican communion office (aco) for determination of what is or is not part of it. 
25 years ago, anglicans online was created because there was no one place on the nascent internet for people to find information about anglicanism, anglican (episcopal) churches or dioceses or news, or about the anglican communion.  there were no search engines to help find things. we gathered and linked all of the information we could think of that would be useful to anglicans worldwide, and worked hard to keep it up to date.      
until 2019, anglicans online was also a weekly magazine. we closed the magazine because it had been subsumed by many different publications that did not exist when ao was first launched. the final front page of our weekly magazine is here. 
 every page lists the date on which it was last updated. if we notice that a page hasn't been updated in years, we will probably remove it. 
at the bottom of every page you will find instructions for adding or correcting information on that page. or see "add a site to ao" in the left-hand column. 
through the decades a dozen or so people have contributed their time and expertise to writing it, editing it, and operating its server computers. you know who you are.
 





      this web site is independent. it is not official in any way. please contact editor@anglicansonline.org about
      information on this page. ©2019 society
      of archbishop justus.
      please address all spam to press@anglicansonline.org 




