






lindly haunani – discovering polymer clay art





































lindly haunani
discovering polymer clay art



contact: lindlyh@aol.com            










 






home2020-2021 schedule
about

artist’s statement
lindly tells all
resume


contact lindly
photo gallery
video
workshops

what students say
workshop descriptions

“telling your color story – quilt block inspiration”
art from the heart shrine – three day workshop
color shifting canes
exploring the rainbow – two day workshop
incredible almost edible color
inspired color-textile patterns
mokume gane – two day workshop
rainbow ikat inspirations – two day workshop
sagacious sumptuous intentional color- two day workshop
sparkly mokume gane- two day workshop
telling your color story- two day workshop
translucent innovations – dynamic bead shapes – two day workshop


setting up your group’s workshop


blog














 
lindly is a founding member of the national polymer clay guild. along with pierrette ashcroft, she is the author of “artist’s at work: polymer clay comes of age.”  lindly’s latest book was written with maggie maggio. “color inspirations” has become the reference manual for the polymer community and for artists in other media as well. she has produced several video workshops and been featured in many magazines.
she began teaching workshops in 1990 and enjoys traveling to lecture and inspire artists. she is known for her gentle and empowering teaching style.
lindly haunani’s passion for food and cooking provide a basis for her inspiration when making things. this is often expressed via color, construction techniques and form.  in addition to many private collections her work is part of the permanent collections of the racine museum of art, the museum of fine arts, boston, the newark museum of art, the philadelphia museum of art and the meinge international museum in san diego. she has a bfa, in printmaking from carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh, pa.






			6 thoughts on “”		





andala curd says: 


when is your next class in ga




						june 28, 2017 at 10:06 pm					


reply 





myron hansen says: 


i bought asparagus earrings for my wife last year for valentine’s day through michele tuegel gallery in st. pete.  my wife is in love with them and all the positive comments she receives.  do you sell anywhere else in st. pete or near  st. pete?  can i order on line?  i would like to consider more of your work for this valentine’s day. 
thanks!
sort of desperate.
myron hansen
hansen3@tampabay.rr.com




						february 9, 2018 at 1:12 am					


reply 





patricia willman says: 


hi lindly; i just got your book last saturday, it looks very technical and complex color theory like i studied in art school.
. i was hoping lots of great tutorials on how to make colorful jewelry like you make. i love the one on the cover of the book.
 i saw one of your bracelets on a donna kato video tutorial and i wanted to know how to make that bracelet so i was hoping to learn tutorials in the book. do you have tutorial?
patricia willman




						may 31, 2018 at 4:58 am					


reply 





elizabeth woodford says: 


i am the workshops coordinator at artful dimensions gallery in fredericksburg , va. every year we bring in artists from outside our area to teach workshops in 3-d arts! last year we had the pleasure of hosting a second set of workshops with lauri mika, we also have had artist julie haymaker, felt artist pam mcgregor, weaver martina celerin and many others. i would love to talk with you about having you come and teach with us!!




						april 13, 2019 at 7:32 pm					


reply 





helen kamil says: 


hi lindly
i live in australia, am a relatively new convert to polymer clay-ing and have been trying to buy a copy of your book “polymer clay color inspirations”.  sadly, i am told it is out of print now.  i would dearly love to own this book, having seen older youtube reviews of it. could you please consider issuing a reprint for us polyclayers “down-under”?  i am sure i am not the only person here wanting to buy this book.  please do reprint it.  thanks for your time.




						june 19, 2019 at 3:59 am					


reply 





admin says: 


thank you for your interest. since the book is now ten years old and has already been reprinted, i doubt that random house would consider reprinting it. in the us it is also available digitally as a kindle version and/or used. you might want to check out maggie maggio’s website where some of the exercises, charts and worksheets for the book have been posted. good luck on your color adventures. lindly




						june 24, 2019 at 4:38 pm					


reply 





leave a reply cancel reply 
your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment name * 
email * 
website 
 

 





follow me! follow lindly on facebook
now at the racine art museum
my polymer sushi platter (21/2"x 81/2" x 5", 1992) is part of  the january-june 2018 exhibition at the racine art museum (ram). yes, i hand rolled each grain of rice!
polymer art: recent acquisitions includes pieces that were part of the original gift that established ram’s polymer collection which is the largest of its kind in the world.the exhibition showcases artworks new to ram since the initial donation of over 200 polymer pieces in 2011. 
several other of my works are available at the museum's outstanding exhibition shop which you can visit online. color inspirations
lindly and maggie maggio's "must have" reference book for polymer clay artists. order yours now.






 wordpress login










             	theme by out the box


















