

rum consulting, online rum store, books, consulting, information



























































order
      rum on-line you
        can now purchase rum on-line, click here   for a complete list








our rum books 
the rum experience

the encyclopedia of rum drinks



visit
        the rum university

read
        book reviews


order
        books here 









rum recipes!  most
        issues of "got rum?" (see archives) contain excellent
        recipes not found in other areas of the website.  we also have a large
        collection of drink, appetizer, beef, seafood, pork, poultry, soup and
        dessert recipes that use rum as an ingredient.


show me the rum recipes











welcome to the
      rum shop














 our         mission
we are dedicated to educating rum producers, rum importers, rum distributors, rum retailers and rum consumers about the many faces of this wonderful spirit.  it is through our rum publications, rum seminars, rum consulting services and websites that we have set out to accomplish this mission.

learn about our rum consulting services  









"got rum?" magazine












 
about rum
rum
        and cocktail glossary (including rum terminology)
classifications of rum
frequently
        asked questions
rum producing countries
rum history

rum studies (new!)
interesting rum facts
rum competitions
  learn
        more 








new:
      rum and beverage
      news from around the world






 


















check
          out our rum blog


check
          out rum videos

check
          out our rum albums












view rss feed







main page  about
    the rum shop 
rum companies  services   contact us 
copyright ©
  rum runner press, inc. all rights reserved.



 
	everything you need to know about rum
what is rum?
	rum is the alcohol obtained from the distillation of fermented sugarcane 
	by-products, such as juice, molasses and sugar. most of the rum produced 
	around the world is made from molasses, with only a minority being made from 
	sugarcane juice, usually in the french west indies.
once selected, the sugarcane by-products are combined with water and 
	yeast to allow for fermentation. during fermentation, sugar is converted 
	into alcohol and carbon dioxide is released. the resulting “wash” is then 
	ready to be distilled.
rum types based on raw material used:
sugarcane juice: many french rums (rhums) are made from 
	100% sugarcane juice, which is then fermented, distilled and aged. these 
	rums tend to contain a high level of floral/herbal aromas and clearly 
	differentiated from molasses-based rums. in french-speaking rum-producing 
	countries, rums made from sugarcane juice are known as "rhum agricole," to 
	differentiate them from "rhum industriel," which is made from molasses.
	molasses: when sugar processing 
	plants extract sugar from the sugarcane juice, they boil the juice until 
	crystals start to form, leaving behind a thick liquid known as molasses. 
	depending on how long they boil the juice and how much sugar they take out, 
	one is left behind with grade a molasses (highest quality - highest 
	percentage of fermentable sugar left), grade b molasses (slightly lower 
	quality than grade a), grade c molasses, grade d molasses and, finally, 
	black strap molasses (lower quality). the better rums in the market are made 
	using higher quality molasses because they container a higher percentage of 
	fermentable sugars and a lower percentage of chemicals (used to extract 
	sugar crystals) that can interfere with yeast during the fermentation of the 
	molasses. other: a couple of 
	distilleries (in eastern europe, possibly elsewhere) have distilled alcohol 
	from fermented sugar beet extracts and have attempted to sell the resulting 
	alcohol as rum. fortunately they have faced opposition from larger markets 
	and have not been able to export the product as such. sugar beets, a member 
	of the chenopodiaceae family, are a great source of sucrose and a viable 
	alternative to sugarcane when the goal of cultivation is obtaining sugar as 
	a final product (sugar from sugar beets accounts for about 30% of the 
	world's production). as of the time of this writing, there are no countries 
	in the world which have passed legislation allowing for alcohol made from 
	fermented sugar beets to be labeled and sold as rum. 
	rum is made exclusively from sugarcane or its byproducts, anyone telling you 
	otherwise is lying to you.
rum types based on fermentation method: 
natural fermentation: natural fermentation is similar to 
	the process used in the beer industry to make lambic-style beer. 
	distilleries rely on wild, naturally occurring yeast, present in the air and 
	in the cane juice to convert the sugars (sucrose) in the mash into alcohol. 
	natural fermentation takes place in open containers to maximize the exposure 
	of the mash to the air. this type of fermentation, depending on the size of 
	the vat, can take from one to two weeks, and the results are not always 100% 
	duplicable. controlled fermentation (batch): in this 
	method, a particular strain of yeast, which is usually guarded as one of the 
	distillery’s most valuable assets, is introduced into the mash and allowed 
	to perform its job. to reduce the risk of natural fermentation from 
	occurring, the controlled yeast is first mixed with a small batch of the 
	mash, in some cases just a couple of ounces. next, the yeast is allowed to 
	multiply and reach a predetermined concentration. this starter is mixed with 
	a larger amount of liquid, around a gallon, from the mash. this process is 
	repeated two or three times until a large amount of highly concentrated 
	starter is achieved, which is then added into the large fermentation tanks. 
	controlled fermentation done in this way usually takes only two to three 
	days and the results are very predictable and reproducible.
controlled fermentation 
	(continuous): one of the latest trends in the world of fermentation is that 
	of fermenting in a continuous process rather than in batches. as the name 
	implies, this method consists of a main fermentation tank that continuously 
	receives a stream of diluted molasses. while the influx of molasses keeps 
	the yeast thriving in the medium, an equal amount of liquid is extracted 
	from a different place in the fermentation tank, already “digested” and 
	ready to be distilled. while the concept of continuous fermentation is 
	relatively new to the rum industry, it is not so in other fields, such as 
	the medical industry. an early continuous process was a vinegar generator in 
	which acetobacter attached to wood shavings inside a container with one 
	opening on top and another one at the bottom. trickling a sugar solution 
	down through the container packed with the wood shavings produced vinegar. 
	the acetic acid discourages contamination at conditions where the 
	acetobacter thrive.
rum types based on distillation method: 
pot still: these are the earliest distillation devices 
	(also used in the production of brandy and scotch). a basic pot still 
	consists of three parts: the kettle, where the liquid mixture is boiled, the 
	condenser, which cools down the vapors coming from the kettle, and the 
	gooseneck, which connects the kettle to the condenser. the liquid obtained 
	from this type of distillation is also known as “single distillate,” since 
	it is processed through the still only once. typically this liquid is 
	processed a second time, thus producing a “double distillate” which is 
	cleaner and stronger than the single distillate. several distilleries have 
	taken this a step further by running the distillate a third, even a fourth 
	time through the still, obtaining a cleaner, stronger, more rectified spirit 
	at the end of each run. because the amount of liquid that can be distilled 
	at one time with a pot still is limited to the size of the kettle, 
	distillers employing this method must perform their work batch by batch, 
	which is a very labor intensive process (the kettle must be cleaned in 
	between batches). column still: 
	the continuous distillation system was created in an attempt to make the 
	distillation process more consistent. it also reduced the amount of work 
	required to process each batch, thus allowing for higher volumes of alcohol 
	to be produced. a distillation column is constructed much like a vertical 
	maze, made up of a number of horizontal trays placed at different levels 
	throughout the column. here the fermented liquid mixture is introduced into 
	the column at its highest level while steam is introduced at its lowest 
	level. as the liquid makes its way down the column, it is heated by the 
	surrounding steam, and the alcohol in the mix is vaporized. once it reaches 
	the bottom of the column, the “wash” contains no alcohol and is removed 
	through a release valve. the saturated steam is collected from the top of 
	the column and is then cooled down, allowing it to condense. depending on 
	the type of alcohol desired, column still operators will employ several 
	columns, each one feeding the next, each one producing a cleaner, stronger, 
	more "rectified" spirit.
rum types based on age:
unaged: technically, unaged rum is not rum, but rather 
	aguardiente, which is ethyl alcohol with or without a lot of congeners, 
	depending on the distillation method. there have been claims by some 
	companies that their products are "bottle-aged" or "aged in stainless steel 
	containers." both of these mean the alcohol is unaged, as only time spent 
	inside a wooden barrel constitutes as aging. rum 
	does not age in stainless steel containers or glass bottles, contrary to 
	claims made by some creative marketers and misinformed writers.
aged: the age of a rum refers 
	exclusively to the amount of time the rum spent inside a wooden (typically 
	oak) barrel prior to bottling. in the usa, if a rum label displays an age 
	statement, by law this age has to be that of the youngest rum in the blend 
	(if the rum is blended). in europe, the same rum's label can instead display 
	the age of the oldest rum in the blend (if the rum is blended). some 
	countries allow barrels in their aging warehouses to be refilled, which 
	reduces the amount of airspace and thus reduces the amount of rum lost to 
	evaporation. other countries do not allow refilling, resulting in higher 
	evaporation losses each year. age alone is not an indicator of quality, as 
	climate (natural and artificial) dictate how the rum interacts with the 
	barrel while in the aging warehouses. knowing where a rum comes from, the 
	laws of that country, and the age statement (if one is provided) on the 
	label, are all pieces of the puzzle needed to fully understand a rum's 
	character. 
rum types based on blending technique:
single barrel: in its purest form, a single barrel rum is 
	one where each bottle of finished product is clearly identified with the 
	barrel that it was filled from. depending on the laws of the country, some 
	barrels may be close to full (if the laws allow for refilling the barrels) 
	or may be at 70-80% capacity. a typical 200 liter barrel will yield at most 
	22 cases of 12 750ml bottles each. because barrels tend to vary a lot 
	between them (due to tannins, resins, etc.), each lot will have 
	characteristics that make it unique and different from other lots. some 
	companies empty hundreds of barrels of rum into a large mixing wooden vat, 
	where the rum rests for weeks or months before being bottled, calling the 
	resulting product a "single barrel", referring to the mixing vat, rather 
	than to the individual barrels. one good example of 
	a single barrel rum is cruzan's single barrel.
solera: the solera method is sometimes employed in the 
	blending of rums. originally developed by the spanish and often used in the 
	production of sherries, it consists of a series of barrels placed in long 
	rows, stacked four, five or more levels high, each row containing a 
	different “vintage.” rum ready to be bottled is 
	drawn from the bottom level of barrels. only about one third of the rum in 
	each barrel is removed. at this point, rum from the barrels above is used to 
	refill the bottom barrels and so forth until all the levels are full again. 
	each year, as the new rum is added to the top barrel, some rum is moved down 
	to the next level for aging. as a result, the young rum picks up some of the 
	characteristics of the older rum and provides consistent quality year after 
	year. a good example of a solera rum is ron botrán 
	solera from guatemala.other: by 
	definition, blending is the art (more than science) of mixing different rums 
	of different types and ages together, and when desired, adding flavoring or 
	coloring agents. most rums produced in the world are blended after 
	maturation to achieve the particular characteristics desired. blending 
	usually takes place in very large containers where individual barrels are 
	emptied and mixed together to ensure product consistency. some distilleries 
	will blend pot still rum and column still rum together to come up with the 
	various products they sell. other companies will mix column still rums of 
	different ages and styles (some lighter, some heavier) in order to achieve 
	unique flavor profiles.rum types based on style:
american (colonial): this style of rum is reminiscent of 
	the original product distilled in the early years by enterprising colonials 
	with brandy-making experience. the rum was pot-stilled, had a high level of 
	congeners and was aged (more than likely very briefly), in oak containers 
	only long enough to transport it to markets and to keep it while being sold 
	to eager consumers. a good representative of this 
	style is prichard's fine rum (prichard's distillery), distilled in 
	tennessee.cuban and puerto rican: 
	the puerto rican rum style is derived from the cuban style, in which the 
	goal is to distill the lightest, cleanest, most rectified alcohol possible, 
	and then to add flavor to it only through careful aging and blending. for 
	this reason, cuban and puerto rican rums are considered to be "light" rums.
	a great example of puerto rican style is don q grand 
	añejo from serrallés.french: 
	not all rums (rhums) made in french-speaking countries are considered to be 
	french in style. only those distilled in pot stills from fermented sugarcane 
	juice (as opposed to distilled from molasses) are considered french in 
	style. french rums are characterized by a large amount of congeners that 
	result in increased aldehydes (fruity and floral notes).
	good representatives of this style are made in 
	martinique (for example depaz, pictured), in the french west indies.
jamaican/guyanese: epitomized by dark, heavy and potent 
	products, rums from these two countries have established defined this 
	category and, subsequently, have fought against the ensuing stereotype. 
	while not all rums produced today in these two countries are true to the 
	original style, a few of them continue to perpetuate it, perhaps no one more 
	than myer's jamaican rum. a great example of a 
	modern jamaican- style rum is appleton's v/x.
naval (british royal navy): rum was distributed to british 
	sailors daily as a ration meant to keep morale high, a much needed incentive 
	since the work was arduous and financially not very rewarding. naval rum was 
	rarely purchased from a single country/distillery, instead the admiralty had 
	a "recipe" which typically included combining rums from barbados, jamaica 
	and guyana (read "rum yesterday and today" by high barty-king and anton 
	massel for more information). while pusser's is the most commonly name 
	representative of this genre, british royal navy imperial rum is the most 
	authentic. spanish: when 
	spanish settlers arrived to the new world, they brought their brandy-making 
	skills (and equipment) with them. it did not take a very long time for them 
	to start using locally abundant fruits and sugarcane to produce alcohol. 
	spanish-style rums are characterized by their highly-fruity, brandy-like 
	bouquet, with dominant raisin/currant/berry elements. while these can be 
	produced using column stills, most rums in this category are produced by 
	distilleries that employ pot stills. a great example 
	of this style is ron zacapa centenario from guatemala.
other: different countries around the world are using 
	forms of sugar that are readily available in their markets but which are not 
	typical outside their countries. one such example is mexico, where some 
	distilleries have begun fermenting and distilling piloncillo, which is a 
	very unrefined and moist form of brown sugar. rums distilled from piloncillo 
	have very peculiar organoleptic properties that distinguish them from other 
	rums. future practice will dictate if this is the beginning of a "mexican 
	style" of rum or not.
rum types based on added flavors:
fruit flavored: for the most part, fruit-flavored rums sold 
	throughout the world are nothing more than un-aged alcohol (ethanol) with 
	flavoring, coloring (sometimes) and sweetener added. such products should 
	not be sold as rum, since they are made with un-aged alcohol.
	a great example of a fruit-flavored rum that is made 
	using aged rum is santa teresa's rhum orange, from venezuela.
spiced: like fruit-flavored rums, most spiced rums sold 
	are made with unaged rum (ethanol). the most typical spices used to flavor 
	these products are: vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, clover and sugar.
	an excellent example of a spiced rum is sailor jerry 
	spiced navy rum.other: there 
	are rum-based beverages or infusions available throughout the caribbean 
	which fall exclusively in neither of the previous two categories.
	one example is the "mama juana" ("dama juana") from 
	the dominican republic, which is made using a long recipe of botanicals, 
	roots, honey, anise, even dried up animal parts. it is, of course, 
	considered an aphrodisiac. 
rum types based on alcohol content:
regular/standard: any rum that is bottled and sold with an 
	alcohol strength between 35% and 45%.
	strong and over-proof: strong rums have alcohol strengths over 45%, 
	typically around 55% but lower than 75%. over-proof rums have alcohol 
	strengths of 75% or higher. exercise caution when tasting these rums, either 
	dilute them (up to 50%) with water or drastically adjust the amount sampled. 
	ice does not float on over-proof rums (due to its specific weight).
rum liqueur: laws vary from country to country 
	regarding what constitutes a liqueur but everyone agrees that the alcohol 
	strength is lower than that of straight rum, and that the sugar content is 
	quite elevated. the combination of low alcohol and high sugar result in a 
	smooth-tasting product which people with a low tolerance for alcohol tend to 
	favor.
rum types based on color:
white: also known as clear, crystal, blanco, plata. this is 
	the most popular color (by volume) in the world, since it is the cheapest to 
	produce. most white rums are un-aged, although there 
	are notable exceptions, including flor de caña extra dry 4 year old from 
	nicaragua, which is carbon filtered after aging for 4 years to remove the 
	color.gold: also known as oro. 
	this color denotes aging, as the color is derived from tannins in the barrel 
	staves. unfortunately the color can also be easily obtained by adding 
	caramel or molasses to white rum. when assessing the age of a rum based on 
	its golden/amber color, look for the signs of true aging (oakiness, in the 
	aroma and the taste, for example) and watch out for the signs of caramel.
	dark/black: like the gold rums 
	above, the dark color can be obtained naturally (legitimately) through 
	careful aging, but is most often the result of additives incorporated into 
	the recipe to obtain a dramatic effect.
	other: if there is a food-grade coloring agent available, it is a 
	matter of time before someone decides to add it to rum. one example of how 
	this can be done correctly and profitably is red rum.
rum types based on marketing hype:
	creative marketers have used the following categories to identify their rums 
	and separate them from the competitors'. by themselves, these 
	classifications have nothing to do with the rum's age, fermentation, 
	distillation, blending or style. good and bad quality rums have been claimed 
	to fall in these categories without any quantitative justification, other 
	than price:premium, super premium, ultra 
	premium, reserve, special reserve, family reserve.
summary
	"rum has many faces, moods and comes from a myriad different backgrounds. 
	some rums are excellent for cooking with, others are excellent for sipping, 
	others are multi-purpose. no one should claim to know rum until or unless 
	they've tried it in all its presentations and styles. vodka lovers will 
	rejoice with some cuban style white rums while brandy lovers will feel right 
	at home with some spanish style rums. whatever your mood may be, there is at 
	least one rum waiting to satisfy your cravings to the fullest." luis ayala, 
	author and rum consultant - rum runner press, inc.
references
	the rum experience by luis ayala. rum runner press, inc. isbn 0-9705938-1-3
	the encyclopedia of rum drinks by luis and margaret ayala, rum runner press, 
	inc. isbn 0-9705938-2-1american rum by luis and 
	margaret ayala, rum runner press, inc. isbn 0-9705938-7-2
	
















