





book distribution and publisher services | national book network 



















×
log in







don't have an account?  sign up
log in





new account signup

first name





last name





company





email





password





confirm password




already have an account?  log in



sign up












toggle navigation












home


about nbn
about nbn

about us
sales services
marketing services
operations



for nbn publishers
for nbn publishers

schedules & deadlines

publisher login

publisher portal
fusion digital and print-on-demand
title search



for booksellers
for booksellers

our publishers
title search
locate your rep
credit application
catalogs
edelweiss catalog




contact us



publisher login
















national book network is an independent, full-service sales, marketing, and distribution company serving book publishers from around the world.










news and deadlines 




the spring 2025 schedule is now available.bisac codes have been updated. 










featured publishers 







the artist book foundation

the artist book foundation (tabf) is a [woman-founded and operated] nonprofit art book publisher that documents and celebrates the lives and work of leading artists. through museum-quality publications, exhibitions, and public programs, we provide a platform for contributors of all backgrounds, genders, ethnicities, races, and sexual orientations to publish their work. to support greater access to the arts and culture, we have donated and delivered thousands of tabf books to underserved public libraries, schools, and correctional and rehabilitation facilities nationwide






icon publishing

icon publishing limited are the publishers of high-quality motor sport titles under the autocourse and motocourse banners.  every year, the company publish autocourse the world’s leading grand prix annual which is now in its' 72nd year. for lovers of motorcycle racing a companion volume motocourse which first published in 1976 and covers grand prix and superbike from racing around the world.  both are regarded as “the bibles” of their respective sports and are valuable collectors’ items. the company also publish large-format colorful autocourse and motocourse wall calendars which feature action and personality photos taken throughout the respective racing seasons.






crowood press

the crowood press was founded in 1982 with an initial list based on country interests. we have grown to include a diverse range of titles for hobbyists, enthusiasts and professionals in each of our publishing areas. we are proud to boast a backlist that includes over 1,400 titles, including many bestsellers such as the artist blacksmith, linocut for artists and designers and craft cider making. still a family-run business based in rural wiltshire, we remain true to john dennis’ founding mission: to publish high-quality books packed with detailed information on specialist interests to be enjoyed by our discerning customers.












featured books 





crafting paper flowers
c&t publishing
craft 24 paper flowers from crepe paper,  perfectly detailed to match the beauty of nature; these stunning and accessible projects are sure to wow in bouquets, garlands, and wreaths.



modern lager beer
brewers publications




build, baby, build
cato institute
build, baby, build, takes readers on a journey through what is wrong with the housing market—and what we can do about it.




















globe pequot publishing group
					15200 nbn way
					blue ridge summit pa 17214
					tel 717-794-3800
				





					national book network is a part of the globe pequot publishing group
				







					copyright © 2018
privacy policy | terms of use





















