










home – rossel books












































713 • 726-9520
srossel@rossel.net















books by rossel

how to get god on your side
alone and wrestling
essential jewish stories
the wise folk of chelm
bible dreams
holocaust: an end to innocence
torah: portion-by-portion


rossel books

strive to be all you can be
torah from our sages
rooms of the soul
renegade rabbi


classic rossel

the holocaust: the world and the jews
a child’s bible
when a jew seeks wisdom
let freedom ring
managing the jewish classroom


home

about seymour rossel
about rossel books
invite rossel


basic judaism
bible study with rossel

dead sea scrolls
reading biblical women
riches in the writings
making the bible
genesis project


magic & kabbalah

jewish magic
early jewish mysticism
kabbalah
jewish spirituality
jewish dreams


topical topics

big lie
unforgettable stories
essential jewish teachings
one to one
four masks of god


teacher in-service

classroom magic
classroom management
secrets of master teachers
classroom ten commandments


 





select page


  
 



 



 










welcome to
rossel books & seymour rossel




we like to call our home“rossel-on-the-web”

first, the fine print (in not so fine print): shalom, greetings, and welcome to rossel-on-the-web! there’s nothing to sign, no cookies, no passwords, no entry fees, no gimmicks, no raffles… just a chance to visit and maybe find an idea or two or purchase a book or two. click on any link to reach an area of interest. enjoy rossel-on-the-web.
please be aware that we do make some very small amount when you click through to amazon. it does not affect the price you pay but we like to be honest and let you know that we might make some money with your help. if you block ads on this site, you will miss a lot of the action. trust us–we do not track or share data–you can safely turn off ad-blocking for this site.




































click on any book cover to uncover


a full description of the book
book reviews to peruse
samples from many of the books
some author interviews
various other book-type goodies
& the opportunity to order your copy










warning! this book could change the way you think.
if you have ever wondered why it seems that a few people make all the difference in the world, and if you have ever wondered why some people seem happier and luckier than others—especially if you have ever wanted to be one of them—then this book is for you.the premise is simple: all of us have the same access to god no matter what our particular beliefs may be. it is up to each of us to reach out and connect. inside, you will find 100 ways to connect and all the reasons, too!








meet the general whose work helped make defensive weapons the most sought after systems in the world's military budgets.
so it really is possible to “hit a bullet with a bullet.” but going from disbelief to a state of reasonable certainty required intense effort and coordination. it also required an individual with a certain kind of background and belief. come meet the general!










from the pen (and keyboard) of seymour rossel ...
start with fiction and wend your way into the recesses of essays as disparate as the modern meaning of superstition, the inner workings of the mystical  sefer yetzirah (“the book of creation”), a true-life encounter with martin buber, how rebecca saved the hebrew people. and so much more.








study pirkei avot with jacob neusner as your guide!
it’s a rare opportunity to study the mishnah’s favorite tractate with the world-renowned master of the mishnah, dr. jacob neusner. torah from our sages is a commentary like no other, filled with fresh thinking and insightful teaching. you will not wish to miss this.
 






























the guide for reading torah week by week!






































rossel live& in person


teacher
storyteller
author-in-residence











click any panel for descriptions of bible and dead sea scrolls workshops, lectures, & more





how we know what the authors and editors of the torah and the bible had in mind; and how we know who they were.



study the actual texts of the dead sea scrolls; discover people, places, & events they illumine; & consider their meaning now.





a close look at the bible’s book of beginnings and what the book of genesis is really trying to tell us.







the legacy of the writings, from scrolls that read like storybooks to wisdom literature and the book of job.



“it was the best of times, it was the worst…” — follow two women from idyllic village life to ostentatious palace courts.







click any panel for descriptions of teacher in-service workshops, weekends, & more



turning teachers into classroom wizards is a rossel specialty. every in-service workshop is tailored to your school.



“commandments” for classroom management. interactive & challenging, teachers apply what they know & discover new tools.








teachers — veteran & novice alike — leave with new techniques, new understandings, & renewed confidence. for all teachers, k-college & beyond.



tricks and tips that make any curriculum sing and give teachers the master teachers’ edge. a rossel classic, highlighted by a colorful and memorable visual presentation.







click any panel for descriptions of “topical topics” — uniquely rossel stuff!




celebrate 5,000 years of great jewish teaching in legends, tales, & stories. based on seymour rossel’s book the essential jewish stories.





consider the four ways our ancestors “heard” god’s voice and discover the one path that tradition teaches is open to us today.



the momentous first centuries shaped the judaism we live & breathe. this colorful presentation explores events that changed the world. 







fake news is nothing new. explore how governments in ancient times –throughout bible lands — used “the big lie.”





from chelm to the baal shem tov, from elijah the prophet to albert einstein — rossel has a unique way of bringing stories to life.






click any panel for descriptions of workshops, lectures, & text study on jewish magic & mysticism




the basics of jewish mystical teachings, with a side-glance at the wild world of jewish magic through the ages.



can modern jews — reform, conservative, humanist, & reconstructionist — find spirituality without losing faith in science & logic?




is the “d”-mail in your life going unanswered? understand dreams in the bible & how dreams are embedded into our jewish heritage.






jewish mystical movements in biblical, talmudic, & early medieval times & their influence on the jewish soul.



major jewish mystical moments since 1492 and how they shape and continue to inspire modern jewish religious movements.









contacting rossel books & rabbi seymour rossel is easy. telephone number is at the top of our menu along with our email address. you are invited to write or call. want more depth? click on the links about and invite.



aboutrossel




about




inviterossel




 











facebook


 
















