




 




intronetworks



 
































intronetworkssocial networking platform for private online communitieshome
solutions

software

our platform
our components


services


clients

remarkable clients
case studies
client testimonials


about

story
leadership
values


contact

























the platform
create your own private
 online community.
 

the components
add a plugin to the solution
 you already have.
 

the services
gain strategic insight to set
 yourself up for success.
meet mark, the talent
he values creative thinking, innovation and open mindedness. his skills include relationship building, connecting with emotion and expressive communication. he’s passionate about being a role model for his peers and customers, life long learning and culinary explorations. he can help others by teaching them how to think bigger, setting the bar high and encouraging others to work to raise it and inspiring those around him to do their best work.




meet kymberlee, the maestro
she values wisdom, simplicity and boldness. her skills include strategic thinking, high standards and focus. she’s passionate about adventure, expanding her sphere of knowledge and martial arts. she can help others by assisting them in uncovering new perspectives, empowering them to reach new levels of achievement and using her competitive nature to show them how to get results – fast.



“intronetworks makes our program walk the talk! every client who joins our h2o techconnect whether it be an inventor, a venture capitalist or a technology researcher is blown away by the design and function of our portal. intronetworks offers cutting edge. and that is synonymous to technology!”  – a. wigs mendoza, program manager, business and technology group, metropolitan water district of southern california


 case study:

neon educators online network
for collaboration and shared learning, groups have been designed to accommodate a diverse set of interests in all areas of stem education. to date there are over 250 groups that are sorted by geography, area of interest, specific programs and events.  resources, lesson plans, peer-to-peer discussions are all readily available on neon.
>>> learn more

 case study:

tedxmidwest event community
intronetworks started ten years ago as a project to connect the attendees at the then very private ted conference. since those lofty beginnings the platform has been extended to the world of tedx and is used to connect attendees at a local level in communities that want to make smarter connections and share “ideas worth spreading”
>>> learn more

linkedintwitteryoutube
 privacy policy - terms of use
intronetworks, inc – santa barbara, california – all content ©2020 – all rights reserved



questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software
 
















