





































    
    recycled indestructible roofing in calgary alberta - euroshield
  
  



 












          


       home



  product information


   product line-up



  hail proof roofing



  what's really green





  resources


   blog



  in the news



  videos



  testimonials



  faq





  installer information


   contractor credit application



  technical information


   leed information



  product specifications





  installation manuals and videos





  find an installer



  gallery



  warranty information



  about us



  contact us








     

get an estimate

    

 

 

 

 

 










       


   

find an installer


      

request an estimate




  

request an estimate






 



      


   protecting your home 
|
 conserving our planet





  


   protecting your home
conserving our planet





    euroshield
modern roofing built to last
 
the days of sacrificing beauty and style for durability and toughness are over. get luxurious natural slate or wood shake roofing style without the challenges, waste, or expense of other premium materials.
we set out to develop durable roofing materials that wouldn’t end up in a landfill after a few years. euroshield® roofs, made from recycled tires, come with an unbeatable
warranty that underscores the peace of mind you should feel by having an almost indestructible roof over your head.
     

about us


   

see our products


 







     





    the top 5 benefits of euroshield


70 % recycled tires
superior wind performance
unmatched hail protection
unbeatable warranty
north american made

     
  responsibly made
70% of our product is made from durable recycled tires. roof responsibly with euroshield®.

  

button



 
  guaranteed to last
we offer the best warranty in the industry. our virtually indestructible roofs will last for 50+ years.

  

button



 
  exceptional service
our top priority is a fast, responsive, and seamless customer experience. we have expert, local installers across north america.

  

button



 
  built on trust
the euroshield name is trusted worldwide. glowing referrals and word-of-mouth drive nearly 90% of new business.

  

button









    
      

  products
photo by: john doe
  

button






    

  find an installer
photo by: john doe
  

button






    

  resources
photo by: john doe
  

button






    

  gallery
photo by: john doe
  

button












    battle tested and impact rated for the worst weather conditions




    ultimate protection against weather

hail, high winds, heavy rains, ice, snow, uv radiation, and thermal expansion from prolonged exposure to the sun can damage a roof. meanwhile, home and business owners across the u.s. face over 5,000 major hail storms per year, with annual losses averaging between $8 billion and $14 billion.besides unmatched class 4 ul2218 impact resistance hailstone protection, euroshield’s sophisticated locking system provides superior wind performance to other roofing materials. add to that the increase of carbon black materials helps absorb damaging ultraviolet rays, and you’re talking game-changing protection.

 a lifetime investment in quality

wood or slate shingles help create curb appeal and give a home an old-world european elegance. but it comes at a considerable cost—and not just the price point. real slate shingles are susceptible to damage and cracking, while mold growth from rain and other elements compromise wood and asphalt roofing material.
nothing is as durable or able to withstand extreme weather conditions as tires. euroshield® researched and invested in the best tire rubber to create our roofing materials. traditional roofs last 12-15 years. shake or slate euroshield® shingles can last up to 50 years in some of the worst weather events!

 



   

  sustainable eco-friendly technology

‘going green’ isn’t just a catchphrase for us. all euroshield® rubber roofs are manufactured from 95% recycled materials, with the highest quality virgin crumb rubber derived from recycled tires. our shingles help reduce landfill waste while offering a roofing product that stands the test of time.it is interesting to note that from 250 to 1,000 rubber tires are used to produce a euroshield® roof for an average-sized home and that the scrap generated during the installation process can be collected and recycled again – virtually eliminating environmentally harmful waste.
  

learn more




   3.5 million
tires diverted from landfills to date

 13+
countries use
﻿euroshield roofs

 $0
in hail damage claims on our hail-proof roofs to date



     quotesartboard 1 copy 2




 "we are committed to providing superior protection for your family now and for generations to come while actively reducing landfill waste and conserving our planet’s resources."

    


  lesley gustafson,
euroshield president

   

learn more about us







       proud member of these associations


 

 






    what people are saying about euroshield




    "super nice"
we get golf ball-sized hail and it just bounces off. i am not aware of any damage. the reduction on our insurance is super nice also.-deborah d.

  "looks
awesome!"
love the product, looks awesome! neighbours are presently having their house done right now because they liked ours so much!-maryann t.

  "durable"
we love our roof! it’s much more attractive and durable than other products we looked at and we never have to worry about our roof in severe weather.-mike & sandra d.







      9330 48 st secalgary, alberta t2c 2r2877-387-7667

  


     

 

 

 

 

 







       

 

 

 

 

 





 
9330 48 st secalgary, alberta t2c 2r2877-387-7667
"euroshield, your best choice for roofing products, excellent lasting quality and curb appeal. would highly recommend."paul r.



     © 2025 
all rights reserved | euroshield | powered by aletheia digital






















































































































  
  share by:












