



	indiana house rabbit society






















toggle navigation





















                                adoption
                                





                                        adopting a rabbit
                                    




                                        adoptables
                                    




                                        sanctuary
                                    


questionnaire
                                        





                                        going home
                                    




                                        checklist
                                    




                                        success stories
                                    






                                rabbit care
                                





                                        rabbits as pets
                                    




                                        food
                                    




                                        greens
                                    




                                        housing
                                    




                                        litter
                                    




                                        toys
                                    




                                        vet care
                                    




                                        nails and teeth
                                    




                                        my rabbit won't eat
                                    




                                        introducing rabbits
                                    




                                        rehoming guide
                                    




                                        wild rabbits
                                    






                                resources
                                





                                        resources
                                    




                                        supplies
                                    




                                        shelters
                                    




                                        veterinarians
                                    




                                        links for kids
                                    




                                        faq
                                    






                                events
                            




                                volunteer
                                





                                        volunteering information
                                    




                                        foster care application
                                    






                                support ihrs
                                




                                        fundraising
                                    



                                        become a member
                                    



                                        gofundme donations
                                    



                                        amazon wish list
                                    



                                        chewy wish list
                                    






                                contact us
                            





                                    log in
                                
















indiana house rabbit society
            a an all-volunteer organization dedicated to improving the lives of domestic rabbits in the state of indiana.
        














bunny of the day!







tabitha 
                                learn more about me, tabitha. i have been lucky to be rescued by ihrs, but now i am looking 
                                for my furever family and my opportunity to change your life. can i go home with you? you can start the adoption process 
                                by tabitha, please submitting a questionnaire. 
                            












ihrs memberships

become a member!

                                    want to show your continued support for the indiana house rabbit society and get members-only benefits? 
                                    consider becoming a member or gifting a membership to a bunny lover in your life!
                                    
find out more







gofundme!

                            want to help us right now? you can make an immense difference by visiting our 
                            gofundme campaign and pledging your support 
                            one time or on a sustaining basis. 100% of donations we collect from gofundme go directly to the cost foster care and continuance 
                            of our mission of helping rabbits in indiana.
                        










interested in adoption?  
we can help you find the perfect companion!






                                    interested in adoption? view our adoptable rabbits now. if 
                                    you want to move forward with an adoption, fill out our questionnaire to get 
                                    started.
                                    
view adoptables



















by appointment only

                due to the covid-19 pandemic and rhdv2, the rabbit adoption center has discontinued open hours. visitation, events and in-person adoptions are by appointment only.
            

                if you're interested in adopting, visit our rabbits for adoption 
                and then complete an adoption questionnaire to move forward.
            

                if you're interested in any of our events (spa day, hay sales, etc), please view the 
                events calendar for dates, times and more information.
            

                take care and stay healthy and well!
            









keaton






how to eat your veggies!








news/articles




                                9/16/2023
online auction is live!
bid on your favorite items to raise funds for bunnies! 



                                5/2/2023
spa day, hay sale, walk in nail trims




                                5/2/2023
indiana hrs at fido pet food pantry




                                9/18/2022
no wait nail trims piloted at october 9th spa day
respond to survey if interested



                                3/27/2022
hay sale
bunnies love ihrs farm hay



more news/articles  >>







local events





                                    3/15/2025 12:00 pm  spa day/hay sale 

                                    1032 shelby st (indianapolis)
                                


                                    4/13/2025 12:00 pm  spa day/hay sale 

                                    1032 shelby st (indianapolis)
                                


                                    5/17/2025 12:00 pm  spa day/hay sale 

                                    1032 shelby st (indianapolis)
                                


                                    6/15/2025 12:00 pm  spa day/hay sale 

                                    1032 shelby st (indianapolis)
                                


                                    7/19/2025 12:00 pm  spa day/hay sale 

                                    1032 shelby st (indianapolis)
                                





                                all events
                            









quick links


no longer able to keep your rabbit?  read our guidelines for finding a safe home for your rabbit
found a nest of baby bunnies?  find out what to do with wild rabbits

would you like to help us?



become a member


contribute to our gofundme campaign


see our amazon wish list


see our chewy wish list


need to get in touch? contact us 



| facebook
                    

| instagram
                    

| twitter
                    







mission statement
we improve the lives of domestic rabbits through the coordination of local volunteer-driven education, rescue, and adoption efforts in indiana.
to accomplish this goal:

we provide resources to educate the public on the benefits of rabbits as companion animals, rabbit behavior, and rabbit care
                     
we provide assistance establishing programs with animal control agencies, shelters, humane societies, and sanctuaries to increase their rabbit adoption rates
                     
after we have exhausted all avenues, provided we have the available resources, we coordinate the rescue of rabbits scheduled for euthanasia and adopt them through our group


                in order to maximize the usage of all resources towards the goal of reducing homeless rabbits, indiana house rabbit society 
                does not accept rabbits from the public (eg captured stray rabbits, owned rabbits, found rabbits, public rescued rabbits). 
                for help finding a home for a rabbit, see our 
                guidelines for finding a safe home for your rabbit.
            
help us continue our work of finding homes for homeless rabbits and educating the public on caring for rabbits. please consider 
                donating, 
                contributing to our amazon wish list, 
                setting indiana house rabbit society as your amazon smile charity or
                set heartland rabbit rescue (organization name for ihrs) as your charity for kroger community rewards card.
            


wild rabbits

                wild rabbits often make their nests in areas that boggle our minds... sometimes even right in the 
                middle of an open yard. they are "hiding in plain sight" as often the predators that they naturally 
                fear would be too timid to enter those areas. they don't count on the family dog or cat also being a problem! 
            

                if you have found wild rabbits or want to find out more, check out our 
                wild rabbits resource.
            








indiana house rabbit society







 facebook
                                


home


contact us


adoption


events


news







 twitter
                                


hay and pellets


greens and vegetables


housing for rabbits


litter training rabbits


toys for rabbits







 instagram
                                


volunteer


rabbit supplies


finding a veterinarian


indiana shelters accepting rabbits


introducing rabbits







 contact us
                                


rabbits as pets


rabbit health and care


rabbit veterinary care


faq


wild rabbits






                        © 2025 indiana house rabbits society. all rights reserved.
                    




















