



travel - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site indextravel today’s paperadvertisementskip advertisementsupported byskip advertisementtravel36 hoursfrugal traveler52 places to gohighlightsskip the beach: 5 cities where adults and kids can enjoy spring breakthese north american cities have walkable downtowns, family-friendly food and fun for all. by emily goligoskicreditdaniel slim/agence france-presse — getty images36 hours36 hours in guadalajara, mexicodespite its population of five million, guadalajara, mexico’s second city, can feel like a village — one that's packed with art and architecture, walkable neighborhoods, and thrilling food options. by freda mooncreditcesar rodriguez for the new york timestripped uphelp! our paris rental apartment was robbed and airbnb won’t compensate us.a family’s belongings disappeared when a thief used a key left under their airbnb’s doormat. the french police confirmed the story, but airbnb’s insurance adjuster took the side of the host. by seth kugelcreditcharlie padgett‘the white lotus’ is coming to thailand. so are the tourists.crowds of visitors descended on maui and sicily after the hbo show’s first two seasons. is the tropical resort island of koh samui ready for season 3? by simon elegantcreditfabio lovino/hbo, via associated pressa first-timer’s guide to skiing in japandon’t expect raucous party scenes or over-the-top après-ski. in japan, it’s all about the snow. here’s a primer on where to go, stay and eat. by finn-olaf jonescreditchang w. lee/the new york timesplanning a train trip in europe? new sleeper trains and high-speed routes await.also in the works: streamlined digital booking and eurostar competition. by paige mcclanahancreditolivier chassignole/agence france-presse — getty imageswhere to chill on the cheap in the caribbeanhere are five places where you can create your own affordable getaway this winter. by elaine glusaccrediterik freeland for the new york timesfrugal travelerto savor your next vacation, ditch your phone and grab a colored pencilsome travelers are picking up a creative pastime, sketching, in order to slow down and fully appreciate their destinations. by shannon simscreditclara b. martin52 places to go in 2025where will the new year take you? kick-start your travel plans by selecting favorites from our annual list. by the new york timescreditporas chaudhary for the new york timesadvertisementskip advertisement36 hoursmore in 36 hours ›36 hours in st. petersburg, fla.st.  petersburg can come as a surprise to visitors expecting malls and subdivisions. there are beautiful beaches, yes, but also a museum with salvadore dalí’s early works and a bar that encourages dogs to come with their owners. by dave seminaracreditzack wittman for the new york times36 hours in accra, ghanaa visit to accra offers a rich mix of small-town bungalow communities and sleek new high-rises, of exuberant dancing outdoors and quiet respites in a listening bar. by chiké frankie edoziencreditfrancis kokoroko for the new york times36 hours in quebec citythe weather may be in the single digits but there’s skating, vintage luxury shops, an ice hotel, a jazz bar to cozy up in. not to mention tobogganing down a track at 45 mph. by vjosa isaicreditrenaud philippe for the new york times36 hours in barbadossnorkel from the beach, sample the rum, dance to reggae, and don’t miss the early morning procession of thoroughbreds heading for a swim. by patrick scottcredittony cenicola/the new york times36 hours in antwerp, belgiumdiscover medieval and gothic masterpieces, michelin-starred restaurants, design ateliers, wine bars and too many shopping streets to count. by nina siegalcredithilary swift for the new york timestravel 101more in travel 101 ›nervous about going to crowded events? how to stay safer.recent attacks have made some travelers wary about attending outdoor celebrations, concerts and sports events. here’s how experts say you can protect yourself. by derek m. normancreditweston weihow to travel with babies and toddlersflexibility and preparation are key when taking young children on a trip. so is choosing the right place to stay and keeping your expectations reasonable. by perri klasscreditweston weitips to stay safe if a hotel fire eruptson a vacation, the potential for fires is often far from mind. but in rare instances, terrifying tragedy can come fast. by sophie stubercreditweston weioverbooked flight? what you can do if an airline bumps you.when airlines sell more tickets than available seats, passengers can get kicked off their flights — whether they want to or not. by christine chungcreditweston weisick or injured abroad? here’s what you need to know.what medications should you bring, what insurance do you need and how do you find a doctor? here are health care tips if you’re traveling internationally. by lisa mccartycreditweston weiadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text input5 spring break destinations, for every type of travelerideas for a last-minute trip, whether you want wildflower meadows or white-sand beaches.by deborah dunn letter of recommendationthe sublime beauty that airplanes leave behindcontrails conjure a sense of something overwhelming and ineffable, as terrifying as it is beautiful.by kate folk nonstop quakes leave a tourist island empty and its residents on edgethousands of tremors, sometimes every few minutes, have shaken santorini, greece. more than 13,000 of its 15,500 inhabitants have left.by niki kitsantonis passengers restrain man who bashed a window on a flightthe man broke the window’s inner pane and plastic frame before being subdued on a frontier airlines flight on tuesday. the f.b.i. is investigating.by neil vigdor on the chopping block with u.s.a.i.d.: elephants, tigers and reefsamong the programs affected by the possible freeze of american foreign aid are those that establish and support overseas national parks and conservation areas.by alexander wooley a runway switch, a vague alert: what pilots heard before fatal d.c. crashthe pilots of the american airlines regional jet in the washington airport collision acted as expected, aviation safety experts and other pilots said.by niraj chokshi the t listin a mexican town known for big waves, a stylish new hotelplus: a fashion designer’s floral rugs, a rooftop restaurant in jaipur and more recommendations from t magazine.by suleman anaya $62,000 for the super bowl. $1 million for formula 1. how much would you pay for a sporting event?private and customizable “ultraluxe” packages are increasingly in demand. here’s what (a lot of) money can buy at upcoming events.by sophie stuber one way to get to know the locals in britain? stay in a pub.this quintessentially british lodging option offers room and board; the chance to hang out with regulars over pints of beer; and, if you’re lucky, an in-house ghost.by elaine glusac q&athe points guy has some travel secrets for youbrian kelly, the founder of the travel rewards website the points guy, says there’s never been a better time than now for earning points.by christine chung page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences













