

medical world search

















   









   
      

request posting of information, products and 
		services on mwsearch - order form click here   
		





health and 
			medical news




			company/website/products  worth noting








				global 
				barter stimulus program 


obama sets up task force on childhood obesity


age of mother affects child's autism risk: study


when to worry if a child has too few words



				swine flu vaccine safe, california and cdc data show



				caution sounded on robot-aided prostate surgery



				report: more precise prostate surgery risky





				fda to launch initiative to reduce radiation exposure



				risking big changes with small reforms



				four health care reforms for 2009



				comparative effectiveness and health care spending — 
				implications for reform



			be careful with wii game - a fracture




free breast exams




statin approved for primary cvd prevention


thirdhand smoke forms indoor carcinogens, lawrence 
			berkeley lab



smoking in pregnancy linked to psychotic symptoms in 
			kids



			mediterranean diet can lower risk of alzheimer's


10 things you should know about alzheimer's disease





					alzheimer's symptoms may come in your 50s





					puzzling out 10 alzheimer's myths





					genetic testing for family members?





study links sugary soft drinks to pancreas cancer

			 
			 


2009-2010 influenza season week 4 ending january 30, 
			2010
all data are preliminary and may 
			change as more reports are received.

synopsis:
during week 4 (january 24-30, 2010), influenza activity remained 
			at approximately the same levels as last week in the u.s.


119 (3.2%) specimens tested by u.s. world health 
				organization (who) and national respiratory and enteric virus 
				surveillance system (nrevss) collaborating laboratories and 
				reported to cdc/influenza division were positive for influenza.
all subtyped influenza a viruses reported to cdc were 2009 
				influenza a (h1n1) viruses.
the proportion of deaths attributed to pneumonia and 
				influenza (p&i) was above the epidemic threshold.
nine influenza-associated pediatric deaths were reported. 
				eight deaths were associated with 2009 influenza a (h1n1) virus 
				infection and one was associated with an influenza a virus for 
				which the subtype was undetermined.
the proportion of outpatient visits for influenza-like 
				illness (ili) was 1.9% which is below the national baseline of 
				2.3%. all regions reported ili below their region-specific 
				baseline.
no states reported widespread influenza activity, six states 
				reported regional influenza activity, puerto rico and 10 states 
				reported local influenza activity, the district of columbia, 
				guam, and 31 states reported sporadic influenza activity, and 
				the u.s. virgin islands and three states reported no influenza 
				activity.

international human cases of swine flu infection:
			
			world health organization 
     



aids vaccine
	

doctor 
	- virtual hospital, instantly connecting 
	patient with doctor, free of charge. pediatrician, cardiologist, family 
	practice (new)

flu - information resource on flu symptoms, 
	influenza, cold virus, swine flu (new submission)

physician - 
	updated medical news for healthy living.  info resource for people 
	seeking up to date medical information (new)

nejm h1n1 
	center with original articles


h1n1 flu (swine flu)




	center for disease contro and prevention


 cryo-cell - international innovative stem cell solutions 



c'elle - stem cells from menstrual source



healthcare
    job/career web sites


an
    internet guide to drug and alcoholic recovery


hiv/aids
    resources


national
    cancer institute


all of
    diabetes

parkinson's
    resource aid



cancer treatment 
				centers of america


center for cancer
research (ccr)

cancers
    hq



promising research in heart disease - 
	university of chicago medical center


heart and vascular institute

clinical
    trials resource aid


emergency
    research easy


leukemia
    resources site


diabetes
    resources site 



	translational tobacco reduction research


memory improvement: exercise keeps your mind sharp




national research council-biotechnogy research institute 
	http://www.irb-bri.cnrc-nrc.gc.ca/home/index_e.html


mwsearch issue papers 

medical world search welcomes significant links and sponsored links to be posted here
	(subject to review)
	


mwsearch is not just for health 


mwsearch issue papers: for example



can brain stimulating games help slow down 
				aging? 


				mwsearch hosted education site:


mwsearch 
				sponsored game site: www.scrammble.com


mwsearch hosted 
				online shopping site: 

osmart.us

				editor-in-chief david chang






all users may register 
		by sending an email to 
mwsstaff@mwsearch.com with 
		a valid return email, name, profession, 
		affiliation and optional contact phone and address. a reply email will 
		grant the user a userid and password free of charge to opt in for 
		breaking health news. 
 the registrant's information is strictly protected and will never be 
		given to anybody to avoid junk mail.

		tlc information services has returned to the policy of offering the 
		mwsearch service free of charge. users, if find the search site useful 
		or worth supporting, may make a small donation to support mwsearch by 
		sending a check to tlc information services/medical world search, po box 
		944, yorktown heights, ny 10598.   
all major search engines 
		endorse medical world search. mwsearch does not pay for ranking, we earn 
		it with content and search tools and services. the content of medical 
		world search got us on top ranking on google, yahoo, altavista, 
		msn......   
new users are urged to take a glimpse of medical 
		world search by browsing below & navigating through the table of 
		content before log in.  
mwsearch 
		was established in 1996, some history & archived information about 
		mwsearch are given here: 
		
		demo and illustration slides,  
		
		mi-card and  
        
		awards/users comments  
featuring special 
		drugs, medical treatment and new companies for the medical communities 
 







 

health matters most 
					regardless one's age, sex, religion or wealth - bookmark mwsearch 



					who benefits from medical world search   


					what are some of the most difficult to diagnose diseases? 

					thanks to mass general! operating room live video - 
					educational

					laughter the best medicine 

					does laughter make good medicine? chicken&egg 
					philosopher 



osmart offers advice, convenience and 
					holiday sales in 22 categories & 19 pavilions







					medical search illustration & examples

thimerosal safety information 
											from iac 
											thimerosal is a 
											mercury-containing organic compound 
											(an organomercurial). 


					study: some 11 gene variants tied to lou gehrig's disease
scientists have linked gene variants to 
					amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, the incurable nerve 
					disorder that paralyzed and killed baseball's lou gehrig. 
					...

odynophagia definition - medical 
								dictionary definitions of popular ...odynophagia: 
								pain on swallowing food and fluids, a symptom 
								often due to disease of the esophagus. from the 
								greek roots odyno-, pain + -phagia, from phagein,
								...


lyme disease,
																disease 
																information, 
																ncid, cdc

																infectious 
																disease 
																information. 
																lyme disease 
																(borrelia 
																burgdorferi 
																infection) 
																... 
																travelers' 
																health 
																information on
																lyme disease
...

erythropoietin (epo) 
														definition - medical 
														dictionary definitions
														... 

														erythropoietin (epo): 
														a hormone produced by 
														the kidney that promotes 
														the formation of red 
														blood cells in the bone 
														marrow. epo is a 
														glycoprotein (a protein
														...

								anterior mediastinal mass -  secondary 
								most common primary anterior mediastinal mass 
								in adults. most are seen in the anterior 
								compartment and rest are seen in middle 
								compartment. 
					intracoronary 
								streptokinase an 
					intracoronary infusion of streptokinase is often 
					administered in patients with acute myocardial infarction.


								carotid atherosclerosis 
carotid atherosclerosis. the main blood 
								supply to the brain consists of the carotid 
								arteries in the front of the neck and the 
								vertebral arteries in the back
glioblastoma:
					
					glioblastoma 
					multiforme (gbm) is the most aggressive form of the primary 
					brain tumors known collectively as gliomas. these tumors 
					arise from the supporting, glial cells of the brain 
thrombosis is the formation of a
					
					clot or
					
					thrombus inside a
					
					blood vessel, obstructing the flow of
					
					blood through the
					
					circulatory system. thromboembolism is a general 
					term describing both thrombosis and its main complication 
					which is
					
					embolisation.enterovirus 71 infection: 

					enterovirus, enteroviral infections, bornholm disease, 
					bornholm's disease, epidemic myalgia, sylvest's disease, 
					sylvest disease, devil's grip, polio, poliovirus, 
					coxsackievirus group a, coxsackievirus group b, echovirus, 
					aseptic meningitis, poliomyelitis, viral heart disease, hand 
					foot and mouth disease, hand-foot-and-mouth disease, hfm 
					disease, 
bjornstad syndrome:

							rare diseases terms - office of rare diseases
information about bjornstad 
							syndrome is available from: ... pubmed 
							logo àµ¢med lists journal articles that discuss 
							bjornstad syndrome. ...









gynecomastia: development of abnormally large
					
					mammary glands in
					
					males resulting in breast enlargement

neutropenia (or neutropaenia, adjective 
					neutrop(a)enic) is a
					
					hematological disorder characterized by an abnormally 
					low number of
					
					neutrophil granulocytes (a type of
					
					white blood cell). 

pertussis: pertussis is characterized 
					by severe coughing spells that end in a whooping sound when 
					the person breathes in.

systemic lupus erythematosus: lupus 
					erythematosus, systemic; lupus erythematosus disseminatus; 
					systemic lupus erythematosis; disseminated lupus 
					erythematosus; sle <2>; lupus erythematosis disseminated; 
					lupus nephritis; 

polyarteritis nodosa: an autoimmune 
					disease characterized by arteritis of the body. symptoms 
					include abdominal pain, bleeding, fatigue, weight loss....

osteonecrosis: osteonecrosis; bone 
					necrosis; legg-perthes disease; femur head necrosis;

influenza: influenza; flu; grippe; 
					flu syndrome; fever, catarrhal, acute; flu-like symptoms; 
					grip <2>; influenza-like symptoms; pneumonia, rickettsial; 
					reshy 
					other specified organism; pneumonia due to other virus; 
					pneumonia due to pseudomonas; influenza with pneumonia

hyponatremia: hyponatremia; sodium 
					blood decreased; serum sodium decreased; hyponatraemia; na 
					deficiency;

dystonia: dystonia; 
					muscle dystonia; torticollis; opisthotonus;

sids: sudden infant death; cot death; 
					crib death; death, sudden, unexpected, infant; sids; sudden 
					infant death synd; sudden infant death syndrome; sid; 

wiskott-aldrich syndrome: wiskott-aldrich 
					syndrome; aldrich syndrome; immunodeficiency with 
					thrombocytopenia and eczema; 

macular degeneration: macular 
					degeneration; macular edema, cystoid

hemoglobinuria: hemoglobinuria; 
					hemoglobinuric; hemoglobinuria, paroxysmal; 


reference sources: mwsearch search tool and other 
					online information tools collected for member use.






				
					medical search example of the week

					stem cell therapy rescues motor neurons in amyotrophic 
					lateral ...
... to rescue the dying neurons 
					characteristic of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als), 
					a fatal neuromuscular disorder also known as lou gehrig's 
					disease. ...

lyme disease - 
														wikipedia, the free 
														encyclopedia
lyme 
														disease (borreliosis) 
														is a bacterial infection 
														with a spirochete from 
														the species complex 
														borrelia burgdorferi, 
														which is most often 
														acquired from the ...

erythropoietin -  erythropoietin 
					is available as a therapeutic agent produced by recombinant 
					dna technology in mammalian cell culture. it is used in 
					treating anemia resulting ...

											mediatinal mass 
mediastinal mass. 
											widening of mediastinum. extra 
											pleural mass density. 
											location in mediastinum. silhouette 
											sign. lateral view 
					

								a randomized trial of intravenous and 
								intracoronary streptokinase ...the 
								clinical effects of intravenous streptokinase 
								in patients with acute myocardial infarction 
								were compared with those of intracoronary 
								streptokinase in a ...

								implication of earlier carotid 
								atherosclerosis for stroke
although evaluation of 
								carotid altherosclerosis appears to help for 
								risk assessment of atherothrombotic and lacunar 
								infarction, the potential for benefit ...

												patient guide: glioblastoma 
												multiforme and anaplastic 
												gliomas : 
												detailed description from the 
												brain tumor center. provides 
												introduction, types of therapy, 
												surgery, treatment, prognosis, 
												advice, and resources.


thromboembolism: 
									information on thromboembolism as a 
									medical condition with thromboembolism 
									information including symptoms, diagnosis, 
									misdiagnosis, treatment, prevention, ...

										enterovirus outbreak: 
										enterovirus 71 
entervirus 71 
										infection may present itself much like 
										other enterovirus ... on 
										the other hand, enterovirus 71 
										may cause many unusal syndromes such as 
										acute ...


							bjornstad syndrome 
							bjornstad syndrome is an extremely rare 
							inherited disorder characterized by the presence of 
							abnormally flattened, twisted hair shafts (pili 
							torti) and, ...
gynecomastia - symptoms, 
												treatment and prevention

														symptoms, treatment and 
														prevention of 
														gynecomastia.


									posaconazole: 
									posaconazole is a broad-spectrum 
									triazole antifungal agent. ... c. 
									pharmacokinetics :  posaconazole is 
									orally bioavailable with a large volume of
									...

pertussis.com for parents:
							whooping cough (pertussis) is 
							a highly contagious disease marked by severe ... 
							whooping cough (pertussis) can occur at any 
							age, but infants and young ...


									lupus (systemic lupus erythematosus) causes, 
									symptoms, diagnosis 
symptoms of sle 
									include fatigue, low-grade fever, loss of 
									appetite, aches, arthritis, ... 
									though there is no cure for sle, 
									there are ways to relieve symptoms


							the polyarteritis nodosa home page
provides links to information about 
							the autoimmune disease, polyarteritis nodosa. 
							clinics and health facilities and support network 
							for patients with pan or ...


osteonecrosis - 
although 
														the disease called 
														osteonecrosis was 
														discovered in egyptian
														... the word 
														osteonecrosis comes 
														from a combination of 
														two words which mean 
														that part ...

h5n1 - wikipedia, the 
												free encyclopedia
low pathogenic 
												avian influenza h5n1 (lpai
												h5n1) also called "north 
												american" h5n1 ... 
												rapidly by a coma without 
												developing respiratory or 
												flu-like symptoms. ...

										medlineplus medical encyclopedia: 
										hyponatremia 
illustrated article 
										offers alternative names, incidence and 
										risk factors, signs and tests, 
										treatment, and prognosis.arial size=4> domain 

dystonia medical research foundation: 
								home page home page of the
								dystonia medical research foundation. 
								links to pages on all aspects of the movement 
								disorder dystonia (blepharospasm, 
								spasmodic torticollis ...
sudden infant death syndrome network
sudden infant death syndrome 
							and other infant death. (sids/oid). 
							information web site ... other sids 
							network web site sponsors can be seen here . ...


the wiskott aldrich syndrome 
						the wiskott-aldrich syndrome is a primary immune. 
						deficiency disease involving both ... the 
						wiskott aldrich syndrome. 39. as with all children 
						with primary ...


macular degeneration foundation, inc. - 
								eyesight vision disease ...
macular degeneration 
								foundation, inc., a non-profit organization 
								dedicated to serving the interests of those 
								affected by macular degeneration and 
								related ...

							paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria
genes and disease provide an 
					introduction to the relationship between genetic factors and 
					human disease with a summary of ~60 genetic diseases with 
					links ...

					 


















					sample medical news by search tool
 



					no single remedy fixes psoriasis
 by judy fortin (cnn) -- psoriasis is an inflammatory 
					skin condition that affects up to 5 million americans. cnn 
					learned more about psoriasis from dr. mathew ...


					do cancer cells express functional erythropoietin 
					receptors?
new england journal of 
					medicine (subscription), ma - 14 hours ago
by khuri, fr when erythropoietin won 
					market approval in 1988, it was hailed as a wonder drug 
					because of the selectivity of its action and its resulting
					...


					occult testicular teratoma presenting with solid mesenteric 
					metastasis
journal of ultrasound 
					in medicine (subscription) - apr 25, 2007
mediastinal metastases from 
					testicular non-seminomatous germ cell tumors: patterns of 
					dissemination and predictors of long-term survival with 
					surgery. ...


					nejm -- effects of intracoronary streptokinase and 
					intracoronary ...
original article from the new england journal 
					of medicine -- effects of intracoronary 
streptokinase and intracoronary nitroglycerin 
					infusion on coronary ...


					dental x-rays of carotid artery not enough to 
					estimate stroke risk
this issue is complicated because there are 
					many risk factors that predispose a person to generalized 
					atherosclerosis and plaque formation that also can 
					...


					radiotherapy helps glioblastoma
radiotherapy may be beneficial as a 
					treatment for glioblastoma- a type of malignant brain 
					cancer- say researchers in a report published in the new 
					england 


					prophylaxis for thromboembolism in hospitalized 
					medical patients
this journal feature begins with a case 
					vignette highlighting a common clinical problem. evidence 
					supporting various strategies is then presented, ...


					landmark surgery takes place in west virginia
the device was just approved by the fodd and 
					drug administration as a treatment for a chronic condition 
					called gastroparesis, a disorder in which food moves
					...


					lavender and tea tree oils may cause breast growth in boys

					whooping cough case identified at school
 — a case of pertussis, also 
					known as whooping cough, was recently confirmed...
		, according to a letter sent home to ...


					involvement of the amygdala in systemic lupus 
					erythematosus
in a mouse model of systemic lupus 
					erythematosus (sle), anti-nmda receptor antibodies have 
	: arial,sans-serif" href="http://www.theleafchronicle.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?aid=/20061115/lifestyle/611150315">
					rather fights for happy ending
steroids and immunosuppressant 
					drugs can now help patients live for many years.


					jaw infections/osteoporosis drugs
... as in whites. 
					osteonecrosis is a dily to 
					the bone is temporarily or permanently cut off. bone is 
					living ... 


					severe flu pandemic may cost us $623 billion, world bank 
					says
... the spread of the h5n1 
					avian influenza strain has put the world closer to 
					another pandemic than at any time since 1968, when the last 
					of the previous century's ... 


					aha: novel drug effective for hyponatremia in heart 
					failure ...
... oral vasopressin v 2 -receptor 
					antagonist, restored serum sodium concentrations in heart 
					failure and cirrhosis patients with hyponatremia, 
					researchers reported ...opressin v 2 -receptor 
					antagonist, restored serum sodium concentrations in heart 
					failure and cirrhosis patients with hyponatremia, 
					researchers reported ... 



					deep-brain stimulation eases movement disorder dystonia 
					synptoms


					scientists find cause of cot death 
					...relates to brain defect ....


					cdl. glennon hospital ships 1,000th unit of cord blood
st.louis 
					review, missouri - oct 13, 2006
... the younger robin was diagnosed 
					with wiskott-aldrich syndrome, an immune 
					deficiency disorder, when he was about seven months old. 
					... 


					good result for macular degeneration shots 
					us retina surgeons have shown unprecedented improvements in 
					vision in patients treated with lucentis for wet age-related
					macular degeneration. ... 

hemoglobinuria:  

					alexion seeks fda approval for soliris

... of anemia. alexion is developing 
					soliris to treat paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria, 
					a rare but life-threatening disorder. 
login to use the news search tools to get 
					topic oriented news for your interest by date and by keyword 
 






domain search
					alzheimer disease 
"year after year people grow old but 
					their memory banks grow richer. so much happens every day 
					and so much to reminisce each day. we make deposits to our 
					memory bank through our deeds and interactions with others. 
					in the journey of life, it is not the bank account that 
					matters. it is the memory bank that represents one's life 
					and its significance in terms of deposits. in the end, 
					everyone gets a fair dividend paid by his or her memory 
					bank. ad is the meanest bank robber in the history of time."  
					- quote from ifay chang contemplating autobiography in fear 
					of ad 

according to sweden's karolinska 
					institute's estimate, the total world wide cost of alzheimer 
					disease is $248b, more than the gross domestic product (gdp) 
					of 198 countries in the world. early diagnosis of ad is 
					difficult but hope may be on its way. visit
					www.alz.org for helpful 
					information -
					
					see medical/health issue papers

					alzheimer's disease fact sheet 
					alzheimer's disease (ad) information sheet compiled by 
					the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke 
					(ninds).

					obesity at midlife raises alzheimer's risk later


					test helps predict alzheimer's 
                    onset simple memory tests appear to 
					predict with a high degree of accuracy those people who will 
					go on to develop alzheimer's disease in five to 10 
					years ... 

					statin may slow alzheimer’s 
                    disease, xagena.it, italy ... 
                    lowering drug, may be of some clinical benefit on measures 
					of cognitive and psychiatric symptoms in patients with mild 
					to moderate alzheimer disease. 
                    

					alzheimer's drug may boost memory in ms patientsa 
					drug used to treat alzheimer's disease may prove to be 
					helpful for people with multiple sclerosis.

					stem cells won't save us from disease... could save the 
					world from alzheimer's disease any day ... this research 
					will provide answers for alzheimer's, although there ... 
					will never yield a cure for anything ...scientist 
					debates....

					herpes research uncovers possible clue to alzheimer's 
					disease... a protein that breaks down to form a 
					major component of the amyloid plaques thatare 
					consistently present in the brains of persons with 
					alzheimer's disease   

					brain scans help predict alzheimer's disease... 
					brain scans using positron emission tomography, or pet, 
					markedly increase the ability of doctors to predict which 
					patients will develop alzheimer's disease as ...

					issue paper on human memory, alzheimer disease and drugs in 
					development 
newest imaging methods 
					provide unprecedented views inside human body technique may 
					help scientists understand which cells are sick in the early 
					stages of alzheimer's disease, or how nerves regrow 
					following spinal cord injuries. 

					drug therapy: alzheimer's disease  
                    j.l. cummings nejm v. 351, n. 1, p. 56 

					can playing games help elderly as do young children? see 
					issue paper 
                
 mwsearch 
				sponsors headutainment games for a reason 







					scrammble games  ïnt> tm    holiday 
					special 
(a unique and fun game for brain stimulation and 
					keeping ad away)


					click here to visit scrammble games website

					scrammble tournament


do you know a 
					medical term,  
                    pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis (45 
					letters) has been created to be the longest word in english 
					excluding chemical formul dust'. see

					scrammbler of medical/health thesaurus (fun word 
					game for stimulating your brains with medical knowledge)
a game a day keeps ad away; 
					
					visit super game site to play





					view the scrammble game samples designed for health 
					institutions to effectively reach customers and patients

					a magic marketing concept- the most cost 
					effective marketing tool  for businesses-

 






parkinson's disease 


					allergies linked to parkinson's disease
researchers from mayo clinic have discovered 
					that allergic rhinitis is associated with the development of
					parkinson's disease later in life. ...
					<                size=2>
					
					people with parkinson's disease only blink 2 to 5 times per 
					minute. normally, people blink their eyes about 20 to 30 
					times per minute. 

betterhumans, canada two gene therapies 
					for parkinson's disease are showing promise at preventing 
					the disease's progression and avoiding side-effects of 
					existing treatments. ...

					new insights into parkinson's
disease mydna.com, tx new insights into 
					risk factors for parkinson's
disease were among the scientific highlights at the 
					57th annual meeting of the american academy of neurology 
					(aan ...   
              





 domain search - diabetic disease
 

ruboxistaurin cuts the risk of vision loss caused by 
					diabetes

extended study on diabetes drug byetta shows patients 
					losing more weight   
                    


					fda approves inhaled form of insulin 
diabetes / type
1 diabetes / type 2 diabetes / 
					gestational diabetes / dietall you need to know to control 
                    diabetes with a healthy diet, regular exercise, blood 
					glucose monitoring, education and support. ... 
                    diabetes 101what is diabetes?diabetes 
                    en espaï¬ype 1 diabetestype 2 diabetesdiabetes and 
					pregnancyknow your ... cell decline -- a forerunner of 
                    type 2 diabetes. read more...



					glucose not sole risk for diabetic nerve problem 
					many patients with diabetes develop numbness, tingling, 
					pain, or weakness in their hands or feet, a condition called 
					diabetic neuropathy. 


					statins don't affect mortality in diabetes 
                    patients on dialysis
 





domain search - cancer



					a courageous cancer patient's diary (in memory of 
					mr. chan jong yeh, a dear friend of dr. chang's. in this 
					journal, a loving and sharing family is vividly seen and 
					with the journal they have gracefully dealt with cancer)



					body cavity drugs cut ovarian cancer death risk


					fiber may not lower colorectal 
                    cancer risk


					stem cells may fight cancer

scientists grow human embryonic stem cells 
					into immune system cells which form part of the body's 
					natural defense against cancer. ...


					study: surgery best for prostate cancer 


					trial launched for new bowel cancer 
                    treatmenta national bowel cancer trial was launched 
					today with experts hoping it will lead to better treatment 
					for thousands of victims of the deadly disease. ...


					new drug in battle against breast cancerfor 
					nearly two decades, breast cancer sufferers have used the 
					drug tamoxifen to boost survival rates. but now a global 
					trial of ...
 





domain search - 
sars

					who | severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) .. and treatment guidelines, travel advisory, 
					and daily outbreak updates. ... situation updates - 
                    sars - cumulative number of reported probable cases 
                    ... (may 2005)
cdc guidance on sars (2004) 
					
					updated guidance (jan 
					21, 2004)


					see list and for details please log in and read the full 
					papers: (severe acute respiratory syndrome related 
					papers listed)


					severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars), click sars 


					login for paper by julie l gerberding, director of cdc 


					major outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome in hong 
					kong, nelson lee et al (14 authors), in nejm


					sars appears to be under control, says who official voice of america

pfizer identifies possible 
                    sars answer
... pfizer has announced that it has identified 
					compounds that may be effective against the sars virus. it 
					says it now plans to select the most promising of the 
					candidates ... 
 






domain search -  hiv, cancer, heart disease, new drugs & mad cow 
					disease


					sex difference in aspirin effect does aspirin therapy 
					afford the same benefits (or risks) to men and women?

					scientist says seizure drug flushes out dormant hiv 
					david margolis of utargues that a drug developed to treat 
					seizures and depression appears able to flush out dormant 
					hiv, making it vulnerable to treatment.

					scientist finds aids virus  the discovery of a virus which may cause aids, the 
					fatal disease sweeping through america, has been hailed as a 
					"monumental breakthrough" in medical research. ... 

					pharma firms in race for pill to block aids virusif 
					successful, so-called ccr5 inhibitors should have fewer 
					toxic side effects and offer hope ... the discovery of a 
					potentially new virulent strain of hiv in a new ...
					[mwsearch]the world's leading drug makers are 
					racing to be first to market with a new kind of pill that 
					can block the aids virus before it enters human cells, 
					experts said. if successful, so-called ccr5 inhibitors 
					should have fewer toxic side effects and offer hope to 
					patients whose virus has developed resistance to existing 
					antiretroviral medicines. pfizer inc., with a product 
					already in final phase iii tests, is a few months ahead, but 
					both glaxosmithkline plc and schering-plough corp. are on 
					its tail. the discovery of a potentially new virulent strain 
					of hiv in a new york man over the weekend has highlighted 
					the need for fresh pharmaceutical weaponry in the fight against 
					aids. dr. graeme moyle, an hiv expert at the chelsea and 
					westminster hospital in london, said he expected the first 
					ccr5 drugs to reach the market in 2007 or 2008. 


					over 800 pupils sign sexual abstinence agreement

					cdc official to head bill gates hiv/aids programvictor barnes, associate director of the centers for 
					disease control and prevention's hiv/aids prevention 
					division, has been hired by the washington-based ...

					what is enfuvirtide? new drug for aids not in medical 
					thesaurus.  

					early diagnosis key with heart disease

					perimenopause critical for preventing heart disease and ...

					us to create map of cancer genome

					fiber may not lower colorectal cancer risk 

					what are zyprexa and risperidal for schizophrenia?

					click issue papers and see other health and medical issues

					log in to use medical acronym search and medical spell check 

					single-dose perinatal nevirapine plus standard zidovudine to 
					prevent mother-to-child transmission of hiv-1 in thailand 
					m. lallemont and others

					intrapartum exposure to nevirapine and subsequent maternal 
					responses to nevirapine-based antiretroviral therapy 
					g. jourdain and others

					antiretroviral agents -- how best to protect infants from 
					hiv and save their mothers from aids h. coovadia 

					mad cow disease found in the us ( london financial 
					times)  could this first case signal 
					
					an epidemic? (ny times)  
					
					usda misleading american public about beef safety (dr. 
					michael greger) former cattle lobbyist 
					
					veneman 'extremely disingenuous'  
					
					bovine spongiform encephalopathy (bse) (us fda)  
					
					bovine spongiform encephalopathy: main index, cdc 
					(center for disease control) 
					
					http://www.cnn.com/specials/2000/madcow/  (cnn)  
					
					http://www.cbc.ca/news/indepth/background/madcow.html 
                    (cbs) 

					http://www.organicconsumers.org/madcow.htm 
                    (organic consumer association 
					
					http://www.mad-cow.org/  (early references)




					 cancer, 
					
					hiv, 
					
					mosquitto, 
					
					alzheimer, 
					
					healthcare, .. 
					
					see issue papers
 


				mwsearch voices

  






healing our sicko health care system (by j.s. hacker) 
					starts from a scene in michael moore's film 'sicko' then to 
					say that either abolishing all medical insurance companies 
					or creating a national medical care program for all are too 
					evocative. clinton's failure in healthcare reform was cited 
					as not caused by the industry lobbyists and right-wing nuts 
					but due to  a powerful
tide at their backs — the public ambivalence, divided
interests, and budgetary barriers created by our crazy 
					quilt of health coverage. 
hacker suggests 
to require employers either to
provide their workers with good private coverage or to 
					enroll them, at a modest cost, in a new public 
					program modeled after medicare. employees can 
					still enroll in private plans and employers are still able 
					to implement their cost-controlled and quality-enhanced 
					plans without bearing the burden of uncompensated 
					charity care for the uninsured and underinsured. the public 
					plan will get more enrollments hence leverage to bring down 
					cost and provide basic public medical care. mwsearch is 
					agreeing with the strategy of adopting a modest and easily 
					explained and workable medical and healthcare reform rather 
					than stressing an idealistic but difficult-to-get-consensus 
					solution. we feel that rather than relying on political 
					candidates to come up with an unrealizable vision or an all 
					political water-down plan to get elected, it is time to urge 
					public-based organizations to develop easily explained and 
					workable plans to present to the public then demand 
					political candidates (presidential, congress and state 
					legislative elections) to endorse the grass-roots supported proposals 
					during their campaign and thereafter. let the 
					professionals teach the public and the politicians then 
					endorsed into action plans.    
					

elizabeth 
					edwards and john edwards facing difficult decision under 
					tremendous stress: mwsearch  is sympathizing with the 
					couple in dealing with their life challenge. to arrive at a 
					difficult decision, one must resort to philosophy and faith. 
					in the western culture especially in the united states, 
					people are 'taught' to be self-centered, me-first, family 
					next, country second next and world last; and most religions 
					are 'urged' not to give opinion on one's duty for the 
					country in relation to other duties. whereas in the eastern 
					culture especially traditional chinese philosophy, far 
					extended in asia, people are 'taught' to think world affair 
					is everyone's responsibility albeit difficult to fulfill and 
					to place country above family and family above oneself 
					through many historical stories. for example, sons leaving 
					ill-health parents and going to war for the country for 
					years, son cut his thigh and cooked as food for sick and 
					starving parent, sha yui, a public servant giving the task 
					of curing the flooding of yellow river, placed his 
					responsibility to the government and public far above his 
					own family; he had traveled passing his own home seven times 
					over several years while trying to stop the floods but never 
					entered even once to see his family. the edwards must 
					make a very difficult decision on their own. mwsearch 
					would only offer the following comment to the public: please 
					respect the edwards' decision and do not cast judgment based 
					on the so called 'political correctness' uttered most by 
					activists. in our observation, political correctness has 
					often been incorrect even immoral in many issues viewed 
					philosophically or religiously by the silent majority, 
					there is no lack of controversial examples, global warming, 
					abortion, gay marriage, irag war, ceo pay, terminating life, 
					stem research, etc etc. 
recent 
					articles:
					
					elizabeth edwards’ qualms

					john edwards live 

can cancer close the gravitas gap?    
					



medical 
					matters, dr. bill frist, senate majority leader launching 
					medicalmatters.org: mwsearch is lauding dr. frist's 
					effort in launching a medical blog site, 
					
					www.medicalmatters.org. 
					as the world's very first medical blog site, 

					www.mwsearch.com, existed 
					since 1995, we do understand the value of a medical site 
					devoted to medical issues. we welcome dr. frist bringing his 
					and his colleagues' perspectives on medical matters to the 
					public in a direct and interactive manner. we urge our 
					members to voice your political opinions on medical issues 
					that concern you.


dana reeve: 
                    we all know christopher reeve's 'angel' wife dana who took 
					care of superman when he was paralyzed for nine years till 
					his death on october 10,  2004. dana, a devoted wife, a 
					most caring person and advocate for disabled, is facing 
					another battle and challenge of human illness, her own lung 
					cancer. we are deeply saddened to hear this 
					
					announcement. we, admirer of her courage and caring 
					love, pray that this earth angel and honored mother of the 
					year by american cancer society will get well soon.       
                


the manhattan 
					project for the 21st century: senator bill frist has 
					delivered the title speech at the harvard medical school 
					which mwsearch would like to share with our readers. below 
					are a few excerpts and a handful of the legislative 
					priorities (which have the dual purpose of fighting both 
					bioterrorism and natural pandemics). senator frist is 
					committed to working with his colleagues in the 109th 
					congress to bolster america's preparedness against 
					bioterrorism and infectious diseases. the full speech is 
					linked following the excerpts:   "no intelligence agency, no matter how astute, 
					and no military, no matter how powerful and dedicated, can 
					assure that a few technicians of middling skill using a few 
					thousand dollars worth of readily available equipment in a 
					small and apparently innocuous setting cannot mount a 
					first-order biological attack ... never have we had to fight 
					such a battle, toprotect so many people against so many 
					threats that are so silent and so lethal." "i propose an 
					unprecedented effort -- a "manhattan project for the 21st 
					century" -- not with the goal of creating a destructive new 
					weapon, but to defend against destruction wreaked by 
					infectious disease and biological weapons ... i speak of 
					action, without excuses, without exceptions; with the goal 
					of protecting every american and the capabilityto help 
					protect the people of the world." "for some years to 
					come, this should be a chief work of the nation, for the 
					good reason that failing to make it so could risk the life 
					of the nation and other nations the world over."

					the full speech in pdf file      
					 


new sat test 
					and medical schools: starting march 12, 2005, a new 
					sat test will be offered to high school students. the new 
					test has three sections instead of two, hence the total 
					score is 2400 versus 1600 previously. the changes are 
					supposed to align the sat to curriculum and instructional 
					practices in high schools and colleges. the addition of a 
					third measure, writing, will help colleges to make better 
					admissions and will reinforce the importance of writing 
					skills throughout a student's education and bolster their 
					chances for academic success in college. since most medical 
					schools will accept this new sat, perhaps we can expect more 
					literal writing of  medical records and better legible 
					prescriptions from our future generation of doctors. the 
					companies offering sat tests preparation such as kaplan 
					(which also offers usmle tests) will certainly stand to have 
					a boon.  (see
					
					osmart: learning: kaplan)


presidential statement on us health care: 
                    president bush and senator kerry 
					both want to provide adequate healthcare for people in usa, 
					but they differ in philosophy, strategy and approach. their 
					statements on the healthcare issues have been discussed here 
					in the mwsearch voices. the discussion can serve as a 
					reminder for president bush and his staff in dealing with 
					healthcare issues; hence 
					
					it is archived as an hyperlinked page.  


essays on 
					healthcare:  1. 
					
					healthcare reform 2. 
					
					aarp on healthcare reform and 
					
					dr. william d. novelli, ceo aarp, address on healthcare. 
					3. 
					
					dr. william h frist's view on healthcare 
                    (requires subscription. you may write to dr. frist at the 
					senate to request a copy) 4. 
					
					presidential statements on us healthcare. 
                    5. 
					
					public opinion survey on healthcare issue.  6. 
					
					overcoming disparities in u.s. health care by dr. bill frist, 
					senate majority leader, march 2005.


mad cow 
					disease: when mad cow disease 
					was discovered elsewhere: us has taken precautionary steps 
					to protect the public. now that we have discovered the mad 
					cow disease in washington state, are we acting rationally 
					and fairly to protect the public? are we influenced by the 
					farm industry lobbying forces or even the wall street's 
					voices over the stock market reactions? we suggest that 
					don't read everything in print at its face value. do some 
					comparison and then take action if needed such as write to 
					your congressman or the fda. we list a few publications 
					below, some controversial, for you to build up your 
					knowledge on mad cow disease. 


know your 
					treatment code: health insurance 
					and clinics use procedure codes to determine insurance 
					coverage and reimbursements. for instance, cdt4 code system 
					is used for dental. you would do yourself a big favor to be 
					familiar with these codes. both dental professionals and 
					patients need to know the codes so you can get the maximum 
					reimbursement benefits from health insurance benefits. take 
					a look of 
					
					dr. bunn's (dentist) web site where you get a good 
					background information on dentistry and 
					
					cdt4 codes. also take a look at the 
					
					ut houston dentistry procedure cost table which can 
					serve as a reference. of course not all procedures will be 
					charged the same fee at different dental services, but the 
					more you know the better for you, at least before you have a 
					treatment.   


does fat tax 
					make sense? experts on obesity 
					proposes we should tax consumers on consuming fatty foods. 
					some disagree. some say we should tax tv-watching instead 
					since that is taking away people's exercises. one british 
					headline on fat tax says: "like fat creeping up on a 
					person's thighs, a tax on junk food and soda would be 
					little-noticed at first but have long-term impact." dose it 
					make sense?if kyoto protocol induces new zealand to 
					propose tax on her 45m sheep and 10m cattle owners for their 
					livestock's dung and urine which releases 40% of flatulence 
					in new zealand, perhaps the fat tax does make sense. 
                    


stories for patients and doctors: 
                    amye leong, an 
					internationally-recognized motivational speaker, is 
					president of healthy motivation, a health education and 
					advocacy consulting firm. diagnosed with rheumatoid 
					arthritis at age 18 (along with sjogren's syndrome and 
					osteoporosis later) and wheelchair-bound within 8 years, 
					amye drew on her own personal advocacy skills and 
					determination to rebuild her body and take control of her 
					life. after 16 surgeries, including 12 joint replacements, 
					she now travels the globe working with organizations and 
					governments as spokesperson for the united nations-endorsed 
					bone and joint decade 2000-2010. she was honored at the 
					white house by president g.w. bush with the 2001 president's 
					service award, the highest honor bestowed on an american for 
					community service. the arthritis foundation named amye leong 
					one of its america's fifty heroes and gave her its highest 
					honor, the harding award. as a community hero, ms leong 
					carried the olympic torch for the 1996 olympic games. she 
					was appointed advisor to the u.s. national institute of 
					arthritis, musculoskeletal & skin diseases and was chair of 
					the u.s. surgeon general's national council on self-help and 
					public health under c. everett koop. she developed 
					coalitions and advocacy projects that, for example, resulted 
					in congressional proclamation of juvenile arthritis 
					awareness week that today is an annual national arthritis 
					foundation media and education event. ms leong, who founded 
					the nation's first and largest network of young adults with 
					arthritis, and developed the nation's first young adult 
					arthritis education programs, continues to provide extensive 
					peer counseling to those affected by arthritis and other 
					rheumatic diseases, and their families. her book, get a 
					grip: a take charge approach to living with arthritis 
					(penguin putnam, 2002), continues to receive wide acclaim.  

   
                    
www.boneandjointdecade.org/ news/images/geneve2.jpg 







				from picking fruits and vegetables to neurosurgery - an 
				immigrant's life story 


mwsearch expresses 
					deepest sympathy and condolences to families of 
					
					columbia shuttle crew  (see 
					
					nasa's starscapes slides)  




					for archived mwsearch voices click here 
 




list of 
                    conferences  (samples, members log in to access list 
					to 2007)








							aging research in immunology: the impact of genomics


							world congress of cardiology 2006


							australia & new zealand society of palliative 
							medicine (anzspm)
login to browse the conference 
					list and cme courses for events in 2006 to 2007 
                     








					us medical license exam 
there are a series of three usmle 
					exams that candidates must pass in order to qualify for 
					medical licensure in the united states. unlike previous 
					usmle exams, the computer versions are administered by 
					appointment on a year-round basis. the step 1 
                    emphasizes basic science principles, specifically in 
					anatomy, behavioral science, biochemistry, microbiology, 
					pathology, pharmacology, and physiology. interdisciplinary 
					areas such as genetics, immunology, and nutrition are also 
					tested. the step 1 examone-day computer exam contains 
					350 questions and spans 8 hours of testing (including an 
					hour of break time). it is administered as 7 one-hour 
					"blocks" of 50 questions each. the step 2 exam 
                    contains of 400 questions and spans 9 hours of testing 
					(including an hour of break time). it is administered as 
					eight, 1-hour "blocks" of 50 questions each. the step 3 
					exam is a 2-day computerized examination with 
					approximately 500 multiple-choice items administered over 
					the first day and a half of testing. these items deal with 
					clinical situations typically encountered by a generalist 
					physician. the exam concludes with a half-day consisting of 
					approximately 9 open-ended computer-based case simulations 
					(ccs). the step 3 exam focuses primarily on patient 
					management (45-55% of the questions). other "physician 
					tasks" tested include history and physical (8-12%), lab and 
					diagnostic studies (8-12%), diagnosis (8-12%), prognosis 
					(8-12%), and pathophysiology (8-12%). in addition to 
					"physician tasks," each question also falls into one of 
					three clinical encounter frames: initial workup (20-30%), 
					continued care (55-65%), and emergency care (10-20%).
for more information and taking 
					the usmle tests see the helpful kaplan test prep in the 
					
					mwsearch online shopping mart under the learning category. 
                    college, professional, k-12 and language tests are also 
					available.
an interesting article: international medical graduates 
					in the us, nejm, vol. 350, issue 24, pp.2435-37

                
              
				health statistics   
 





					us death and death rate

death|dr/100k2001 

death|dr/100k 
                    2002  

					 

03

04

all death


					2,417,762 |  849 

					2,447,862| 848.9

					 

					 

					 


					diseases of heart                                  
699,697 |  245.7

					695,754  |  241.3



					 

					 


					malignant neoplasmas                      

					533,251  |  194.3

					558,847  |  193.8

					 

					 

					 


					cerebrovascular disease                    

					163,601  |  57.4

					163010  |  56.5



					 

					 


					chronic lower respiratory disease  
123,974   |   43.5

					125,500  |  43.5

					 

					 

					 


					accidents                                              
97,707   |   34.3

					102,303  |  35.5

					 

					 

					 


					diabetes mellitus                                  

					71,252  |  25

					73,119  |  25.4

					 

					 

					 


					influenza & pneumonia                        

					62123  |   21.8

					66,984  |  22.9 

					 

					 

					 


					alzheimer's disease                              
53679   |  18.8

					58,785  |  20.4

					 

					 

					 


					nephritis & nephrosis                          
39,661  |  13.9

					41,018  |  14.2

					 

					 

					 


					septicemia                                               

					32,275  |  11.3

					33,881  |  11.7

					 

					 

					 


					suicide     
29423  |  10.3 

					30,646  |  10.6

					 

					 

					 

chronic liver disease & cirrhosis

26751  |  9.4 

					27,045  |  9.4

					 

					 

					 

homicide    

19727  |  6.9 

					17,045  |  5.9



					 

					 


					essential hypertension & h. renal       
19054  |   6.7

					20,241  |  7.0

					 

					 

					 


					pneumonitis due to solids & liquids     
17392  |  6.1

					17,693  |  6.1

					 

					 

					 


					all others                                             
408231 |  143.3  

					416,991  |  144.6

					 

					 

					 


					 

					 

					 

					 

					 

					 

motor vehicle deaths: 43,501 (1998)  
					16.1 (1998) 

					 

					 

					 

					 

					 

aids/hiv 
                    deaths:         
                    13,426 (1998)    5.0 (1998 age 
					adjusted) 

					 

					 

					 

					 

					 

viral hepatitis deaths:  
					4,796 (1998)     1.4 (1998 age adjusted) 
                    

					 

					 

					 

					 

					 


					infant mortality rate

					6.8 per 1000

					7.0 per 1000



					 

					 
smiley 
				face: reduction of 
				death rate. clapping hands: significant 
				reduction. sad face:  
              bad.  source: 
				national vital statistics reports, national center for 
              health statistics
us aids annual 
				death rate: 50,000 (1995) to 16,000 (2004)  us new cases annually: 44,000  ww carriers: 40 million   
              



				infant mortality rate for different mothers - alarming trend
 
               








					new benefits for mwsearch members 
login to take advantage of the medical 
					thesaurus and terminology in  mwsearch, use query 
					expansion to search medical knowledge. more search tools, 
					news, dictionary, directories, encyclopedia, research 
					databases, nejm articles, drug information, search for a 
					doctor, etc etc are available to mwsearch members. browse 
					the 
					
					navigation guide and 
					
					functions and features buttons on the frame content list 
					to find out more about mwsearch and other posted member 
					privileges.

magic shopping card (click to see cd below)  
(magic 
					marketing solutions) for your convenience and $/time 
					savings)
 
shopping can 
					be very stressful but gift giving gets great goodwill (5g) 
					in business and in personal life. mwsearch, based on the 
					principles of 
					
					magic marketing solutions, presents you the friendly, no 
					pressure and enjoyable 
					
					online shopping mart (osmart)  which has over 250 
					stores and businesses for your shopping needs. you save more 
					money and time than rushing through stores to stores. bad 
					weather and traffic give you more reason to shop online. 
					stores are eager to offer discounts and free shipping. 
					
					click here www.mi-card.com/osmart0 to browse. click 
					to check out the latest sales that are not in the stores!
 
osmart 
					appreciates 
					
					many special offers made by its merchants to mws 
					shoppers.. mws members and visitors should take advantage of 
					the 
					
					magic osmart directory. keep a record of your purchases 
					for possible additional rebate from mws. notify mwsearch by 
					emailing your purchases to get magic osmart rebates.
 



					always current magic shopping card



					linked to 
					online shopping mart



					osmart

why does mwsearch offer one of 
					the biggest online shopping mart? of course, 
					
					specials and discounts offered by over 
                    

					250 stores are great values to mwsearch members and 
					visitors. we also believe that online shopping 
					can be a relaxing rather than a stressful activity 
					especially when one is obligated to shop under time 
					pressure. feeling of time wasted or performing inefficient 
					tasks are two main contributors to stress. we are tempted to 
					suggest that 'online shopping' at one's leisure in a relaxed 
					atmosphere can be quite therapeutic compared to 'physical 
					shopping', although we have not found any research to 
					compare online shopping versus mall or main street shopping 
					in a systematic study. we welcome researchers to use 
					mwsearch's magic osmart to conduct such a research. magic 
					osmart does not advertise, it simply promotes e-commerce and 
					global commerce. to facilitate such a research, the magic 
					osmart has been produced on an interactive cd which can be 
					used online and off internet. this magic osmart shopping 
					card contains many valuable tools, information and 
					edutaining applications in addition to the giant magic 
					osmart organized for shoppers' convenience. merchants can 
					order and distribute this magic osmart shopping card to 
					customers at a cost of $2 per card with special marketing 
					functions built in for merchants. researchers and businesses 
					can order bulk quantity at even lower cost to distribute 
					them free. this magic shopping card is offered to 
					participating individual shoppers free. (send request to 
					mwsearch@mwsearch.com) please be aware that magic osmart is 
					not a retail store and it is not associated with any retail 
					store, it is an e-commerce research and promotion portal any 
					merchant can request to participate so long their products 
					are quality products meeting mwsearch members' expectations.
what is in the magic osmart cd? 
					magic osmart offers plenty of shopping guides and 
					entertaining information in addition to a great variety of 
					goods and services beyond medical and health related 
					products. they are organized in 22 categories and 19 
					pavilions of over 250 merchants to demonstrate the 
					convenience of on-line shopping. shoppers can always 

					compare quality & price and take advantage of the discounts 
					& 

					mm rebates. make notes and do frequent visits at your leisure. 
					why fight the traffic and parking? why pay more at last 
					minute? let the mouse do the shopping! check out what other 
					shoppers say. don't miss the 
					
					sales newsletter's bargains! magic osmart cds never go 
					obsolete because they are backed with the ever current magic 
					osmart web site. register with mwsearch to receive mm 
					benefits! just email us what have you 
					purchased, you may receive a surprise award in 
					addition to the merchant discount!



the above are pictures of the 
					special interactive magic osmart shopping card. you will 
					have fast speed and portability using this cd. you may view 
					it together with your spouse or friends to research a gift 
					for your parents or kids. you can browse the online version 
					of the magic osmart if you have a broadband connection. if a 
					mwsearch member would like to have a copy in his/her wallet, 
					
					click the order button here to request a copy. (first 
					come first serve basis till out of supply) we believe the 
					magic osmart will make your shopping 
					more enjoyable and will save you more time and money. 
					
					click the magic osmart and browse, your comments and 
					suggestions for improvement are most welcome. 
                    magic osmart is a trade mark used 
					by mwsearch. please note that magic osmart has expanded its 
					games and toys category and many other pavilions.










					-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


all 
					documents made publicly available on this server are 
					copyright á¹¿ onward by medical world search. 
					in addition, for materials from the
					
					unified medical language systemì¯¿of the 
                  
					
					national library of medicine,

					additional copyright restrictions 
                  apply. use of this information 
					service is subject to the 
					 
                  disclaimer and the 
					
                  terms and conditions 







nike free
roshe run pas cher femme
cheap nike free
nike free run
cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale nfl jerseys
discount nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys from china
nike roshe run femme
roshe run pas cher femme
nike roshe run noir
nike roshe run noir
roshe run pas cher femme
cheap nba jerseys
discount nba jerseys
wholesale nba jerseys
nba jerseys supplier
cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale nfl jerseys
discount nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys from china
nfl jerseys china
nfl jerseys cheap
cheap nfl jerseys from china
cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys from china
cheap louis vuitton
louis vuitton outlet
louis vuitton outlet store
louis vuitton outlet online
louis vuitton sale
louis vuitton handbags
louis vuitton wallet
louis vuitton purses
cheap nba jerseys for sale
cheap nba jerseys free shipping
cheap nba jerseys
cheap gucci belts
louis vuitton belts sale
replica fendi belts online
cheap nike free
nike free runs 2.0 3.0 5.0 hot sale
nike free runs shoes
buy cheap gucci belts
cheap designer belts in store
cheap designer belts sale at our store
replica gucci belts
cheap gucci belts
fake gucci belts
gucci belts cheap
nike free run 2.0
nike free run 3 womens pink
nike free run 5.0
nike free run
cheap nike free run
nike running shoes
nike free mens shoes
nike free womes shoes
2015 nike free run neon pink
buy nike free run neon pink
cheap nike free run neon pink
nike free run cheap
nike free run
nike free australia
nike free shoes
free runnning shoes
nike free run 3 coral
nike free run 3 womens hot punch
nike free 4.0 v3
nike free run tiffany blue
nike free run black
nike free fiffany blue
cheap gucci belts
louis vuitton belts sale
replica fendi belts online
gucci belts outlet
cheap lv belts sale
ysl belts online
replica gucci belts
cheap ysl belts
louis vuitton belts on sale
gucci belt on cheap
louis vuitton belts outlet
fake fendi belts
gucci belts outlet
authentic hermes lv belts for men
cheap gucci louis vuitton belts
prada belts online
cheap gucci belts outlet
replica gucci belts
cheap fendi belts
lv belts outlet
wholesale armani belt
ed hardy belt
cheap hermes belts
wholesale hermes belts outlet
cheap nba jerseys wholesale
cheap nba jerseys for sale
cheap nba jerseys from china
replica nba jerseys
authentic replica nba jerseys
replica nba jerseys wholesale
signature basketball jerseys
wholesale nba jerseys
cheap nba jerseys
andrew wiggins jerseys
cheap andrew wiggins jerseys
wiggins jerseys
cheap wiggins jerseys
top nba draft pick
cheap basketball jerseys
best nba jerseys
new nba jerseys
wholesale nba jerseys from china
wholesale nba jerseys free shipping
wholesale nba jerseys
jersey wholesale store
jerseys wholesaler
nba jersey sales in china
wholesale nba jerseys china
cheap nba shorts jerseys from china
cheap nba shorts jerseys
wholesale nba jerseys
wholesale nba jerseys from china
wholesale nba jerseys cheap
cheap nba jerseys
cheap adidas nba jerseys
wholesale nba jerseys
cheap nba jerseys china
cheap nba jerseys
cheap nba jerseys from china
discount nba jerseys
discount nba jerseys from china
wholesale nba jerseys free shipping
wholesale nba jerseys china
cheap nba jerseys supplier
nba jerseys supplier
wholesale nba jerseys supplier
cheap louis vuitton outlet
discount sale louis vuitton outlet
louis vuitton handbags
louis vuitton outlet
louis vuitton wallet
louis vuitton outlet store
louis vuitton outlet online
louis vuitton 2014
buy louis vuitton handbags
louis vuitton cruise 2014 bags
discount louis vuitton sale
discount louis vuitton for sale
louis vuitton outlet
cheap louis vuitton bags outlets
louis vuitton outlet online sale
louis vuitton outlet store
cheap louis vuitton handbags
louis vuitton bags
louis vuitton outlet
louis vuitton bags
cheap louis vuitton handbags
louis vuitton handbags 2014


