ï»¿



long beach island, nj hotels oceanfront | drifting sands hotel







































































































skip to content



















toggle navigation






call us today: 609-494-1123
reserve






×




have a question?
609-494-1123






beach cam












guest rooms & suites
specials
amenities
groups & weddings
pet friendly tips
explore the area

dining
events
nightlife
shopping
family friendly activities
beach camera


photo gallery
contact & map

covid-19 safe procedures
privacy policy
cancellation policy









facebook



instagram




















beachfront access in ship bottom, new jersey
waves, sun, and fun are at your doorstep at our long beach island hotel.







just steps from the beach
enjoy an effortless beach vacation at our oceanfront hotel.







make yourself at home
our sunny, spacious rooms were made for relaxing.







unforgettable experience
make memories that you'll never forget on the sands of long beach island.







beachfront access in ship bottom, new jersey
waves, sun, and fun are at your doorstep at our long beach island hotel.







pet-friendly accommodations
dogs are welcome, and there are lots of pet-friendly places to explore!




















check in )








check out 








adults






children





book now

























get exceptional value at our long beach island hotel
cyber flash sale: our biggest sale of the year! 
save up to 30% on select 2025 stays with code cyber30!
ends december 3 @ 11:59 p.m. so claim your savings today!
drifting sands lbi oceanfront hotel is located right off the route 72 causeway in ship bottom, nj.
you'll be just steps away from the beach when you stay in one of our comfortable, coastal-inspired rooms. take in the stunning summer sunsets or catch a few waves right from our beautiful stretch of beach. you'll also have easy access to surf city from our ship bottom hotel, barnegat lighthouse, and beach haven. we're dog friendly too!
contact us for additional information or book your stay with us at our ship bottom hotel! 


















comfortable
our sunny, spacious rooms were made for relaxing. private balconies and jacuzzi tubs make your getaway even more luxurious. 
learn more
















centrally located
the heart of long beach island is within walking distance from drifting sands hotel. shopping, dining and nightlife are just a short stroll away.
learn more
















oceanfront
when you stay at drifting sands hotel, beach days are simple. just take a few steps down to the sand and you'll find surfing, sunbathing, and swimming at your doorstep.
learn more





 




still perfect
"we first visited drifting sands in 10/2007. we have been back once or twice every year until 2 1/2 years ago, due to illness. returning this trip i was a little nervous. had the property fallen into disrepair? had their high standards slipped? not to worry, it's as beautiful as ever!"
read full review














image slide1 link to larger image drifting sands







image slide2 link to larger image lbi hotel







image slide3 link to larger image lbi hotel







image slide4 link to larger image lbi hotel







image slide5 link to larger image exterior







image slide6 link to larger image beach







image slide7 link to larger image rooms







image slide8 link to larger image sunset beach







image slide9 link to larger image rooms 1


















keep in touch!
stay connected for promotions, announcements, & more!





            yes, i would like to receive updates.
          
get updates







×














sign up for specials
enter your email address to be the first to receive emails about special offers and upcoming events.


email

















drifting sands oceanfront hotel

119 e 9th st
ship bottom,
new jersey
08008
united states


 phone: 
609-494-1123









facebook



instagram










home


guest rooms & suites


photo gallery


specials


contact & map


ada compliance


sitemap





professionally managed by blue water development.
hotel website designbyvizergy



covid-19 safe procedures
read more
x click to close














call us today



map


book now






scroll up





































