



awi industries














home optics lasers plastics electronics nightstar contact us




a.w.i. industries (usa) inc. was established in the city of corona,
california, usa in 1989. awi is a member company of the wise group of
companies (wise) in hong kong. each member company within the wise
group of companies involves in the manufacturing and distribution of
one or more types of products. these products include: 

glass and plastic optical components  for optoelectronics, communications, aerospace, medical lighting industries.
plastic consumer products for original equipment manufacturers (oems).
plastic injection molds and tooling for various industries.
cable ties and price tag pins for the electronics and garment industries.

products
produced by awi and the wise group of companies are sold to customers
located in north america, south america, australia, europe and asia. in
october 2004, awi moved into its own newly built 7000 square-foot (650
square meter) office/warehouse building in the city of chino,
california. (map of awi ) 


the wise group of companies’ main manufacturing plants are located in
dongguan, china, an industrial town located 75 miles (120 km) north of
hong kong in the guangdong province. our factories are iso9000, iso
9001, iso 9002 and ul certified as well as ce listed. the wise group of
companies has five industrial buildings in china with a total
manufacturing area of approximately 500,000 square feet (46451 sqaure
meter) and a work force of approximately 1,000 employees. in october
22, 2005, a member company of the wise group of companies, wise
industrial company limited moved into its own newly built 250,000
square feet (23225 square meter) factory building in dougguan, china.
wise industrial co. ltd also built a dormitory of 60,000 square feet
(5574 square meter) for its staff and workers within walking distance
inside the gated industrial complex. 
 awi
in chino, california is an engineering and marketing firm. we supply
various kinds of optical components and lens assemblies for various
industries in us, canada, australia, asia and europe. these industries
include telecommunications, lighting, industrial controls, medical,
photographic, industrial laser, aerospace and optoelectronics. in
addition, awi also supplies plastic injection molds, plastic parts and
plastic products made of engineering plastics resins. furthermore, with
the support from the team of engineering staff at the wise group of
companies in china and the technical staff at awi in chino, california,
awi can develop and manufacture consumer products from customers’
simple ideas and concepts and turn them into competitively priced
finished products marketable in the global market. 
awi
and the wise group of companies also have associate companies located
in japan, korea and taiwan with optics, electronics and production
capabilities. currently, awi supplies the following products
manufactured by the wise group of companies in china and by our
associate companies in the far east: 

ccd/cmos camera lens   assemblies and projection lens assemblies. 
polished
spherical and aspheric lenses made of optical glass material, sapphire,
spinel, ruby, zinc selenide, zinc sulfide, calcium fluoride, cubic
zirconia, fused silica etc. 
precision pressed or   molded micro aspheric lenses and lens arrays. 
ball
lenses, half ball lenses, hyper-hemispheric ball lenses and various
types of micro lenses made of optical glass, sapphire, spinel, ruby,
cubic zirconia and fused silica etc. 
various types and sizes   of prisms, windows and corner cubes. 
rod   lenses, cone lens, ring lens, and drum lens. 
cylindrical lenses and   toroidal lenses. 
molded
glass and electroformed metal elliptical, spherical and parabolic
reflectors. we also supply diamond turned metal reflectors for special
applications. 
infrared absorbing   filters and other application specific filters. 
precision molded or   ground and polished glass aspheric lenses. 
plastic optics, plastic   lens arrays and plastic fresnel lenses. 
laser   modules and laser related products. 
plastic injection molds   and injection molded plastic parts. 
plastic and electronic   consumer products. 

on
january 29, 2008, a.w.i industries (usa) inc. had obtained
certification as a certified small business with the state of
california, department of general services, office of small business
and disabled veteran business enterprise (dvbe) services (reference
number 0051847). this certification entitles awi to have preference
under the state's small business participation program with state
contracting, including bidding preferences and special provisions under
the prompt payment act.
awi industries (usa) inc.
  14502 central ave.,
  chino, ca 91710
  usa
  tel: (909) 597-0808
  fax:(909) 597-0082
  info@awi-industries.com
  www.awi-industries.com
we gladly accept the following credit cards
 

 
home optics lasers electronics nightstar contact us 
copyright â©
a.w.i. industries (usa) inc
version 3.7
designed by bcy 


aspheric lenses ball lenses ccd lenses corner cubes cylindrical lenses fresnels lens assemblies micro lenses optical filters plastic lenses prisms reflectors rod lenses special lenses binocular and golf-scopes 
 


laser levels laser pointers laser modules
laser diodes 

consumer products injection moldings mold designs 
air purifier digital voice recorder digital mini recorder hands-free speaker phonenew product development 
what is nightstar?  accessories specification 
welcome to awi 
home



