



















peace pledge union |

















































jump to navigation





















peacebuilding & nonviolence
remembrance & white poppies
everyday militarism
military spending & recruitment








 instagram
 facebook
 twitter







main menuabout
campaigns
education
shop
events
newsletter
 











peacebuilding & nonviolenceclimate and peace: not single issuescommon securityculture of peaceeducationnonviolencethe men who said noremembrance & white poppiesbuy white poppieshow to get involvedfaqsfind local outletsremembrance eventseducational resourcesnew eco white poppy designdecolonising remembrancehow to attach your white poppyeveryday militarismmilitarising communitiesmilitarising young peoplemilitarising human rightsmilitarising politicsmilitarising remembrancemilitarising universitiestake action!military spending & recruitment







aboutcampaignssupport for local campaignseducationgeneralprimarysecondaryfe/hemilitarising young peopleparents, carers & educatorsuniversity studentsremembranceleicester schools peace project shopeventsnewsletter









back to top












join us
donate

































  
 pacifist, not passive - sign the peace pledge and join the ppu
 
















  
 no to war in ukraine! support russian peace activists
 
















  
 education for peace - explore our resources
 






















1 













2 













3 




















"war is a crime against humanity. i renounce war, and am therefore determined not to support any kind of war. i am also determined to work for the removal of all causes of war."
more about the peace pledge union







back to top
home









latest














peace pledge union releases new strategythe peace pledge union (ppu) is the uk's oldest secular pacifist organisation. ninety years ago, the ppu was founded when dick sheppard put out a call for people to sign the peace pledge. signing the pledge remains the basis of ppu membership to this day:








the ppu 90th anniversary winter appealwe are witnessing the greatest intensity of war and violence so far this century. the destruction of gaza continues unabated, as the conflict spirals out into the wider region, leaving thousands dead in lebanon and threatening all-out war with iran.








white poppies increasingly included in official remembrance eventswhite poppies are becoming an established part of a growing number of official remembrance events across the uk.








decolonising remembrance: white poppy wearers call for recognition of victims of colonial warsthis remembrance sunday, white poppy wearers are calling for the victims of colonial conflicts to be remembered alongside other victims of war.








more students and teachers drawn to white poppy at a time of escalating conflictmore white poppies are being ordered for schools, universities and other educational settings in the run up to remembrance day this year, following increased interest from students and teachers.








wear a white poppy - stand up for peace in troubled timesstatement by the peace pledge union
around the world today, we are witnessing the greatest intensity of war and violence so far this century.









    more news  










































 

remembering the men who said no
discover the story of the resistance to the first world war. learn about the lives and beliefs of conscientious objectors.

















 

shop
order your white poppies in time for remembrance day, as well as badges, stickers, pamphlets and more.























peacebuilding & nonviolence
remembrance & white poppies
everyday militarism
military spending & recruitment









newsletter







first name 



last name 



email *















 
















peace pledge unionpeaceworks1 peace passage,london n7 0bt
020 7424 9444mail@ppu.org.uk







about
join us
renew your membership
donate
gift in your will
events
campaigns
education
peace matters magazine
shop
contact us
privacy policy
search
vacancies








the peace pledge union is one of the uk's oldest pacifist organisations. we resist everyday militarism, promote active nonviolence and educate for peace. we are the british section of war resisters' international.
our members sign the peace pledge, committing to opposing war and the causes of war today.
'war is a crime against humanity. i renounce war, and am therefore determined not to support any kind of war. i am also determined to work for the removal of all causes of war.'












