



tommy cash | the name is recognized, the talent is evident
































    




tommy was born in arkansas, one of seven children in his family, and eight years after his brother johnny.  he  formed his first band in high school and enlisted in the army after graduation.  he deejayed for american forces radio network.  after the army, tommy played with hank williams jr., and later gained a record deal from musicor in 1965. a year later he joined united artists and just missed the country top 40 in 1968 with “the sounds of goodbye.”  in late 1969, while on epic records, he delivered his biggest hit, a tune dedicated to jfk, rfk, and martin luther king entitled, “six white horses.” 1970 saw a pair of top ten singles: “one song away” and “rise and shine”, and the top 20 hit, “i recall a gypsy woman.”  tommy continues to tour the globe, bringing to his audience the best in entertainment.
tommy cash delivers to his audience a family oriented show
which comprises his many hits including six white horses *
rise and shine * that certain one * thoughts on the flag * the cowboy and the lady * gypsy woman * and many of the songs from his more than twenty albums!
television
for many years, tommy has been sought after as a guest on nbc * abc * cbs * tnn (the nashville network) and has videos played on cmt (country music television), and also on tnn.
entertainer
box office receipts have made tommy cash a true worldwide star.  audiences from all over the globe know that when tommy cash is performing, they’ll get their money’s worth.  it isn’t enough just to sing the hits, one must entertain with engaging conversation, wit, and charm, while giving a superb performance.  tommy cash, quintessential worldwide performer has entertained at the grand ole opry * branson theaters * american military bases * fairs * corporate functions * las vegas * and concerts on nearly every continent.  last year tommy toured in australia, and this year finds tommy cash doing performances literally throughout the entire united states, and to many foreign countries. 
tommy cash is also a popular guest speaker. tommy’s life story and testimony have a strong impact.
tommy is an avid golfer and competes in various pro-celebrity golf tournaments each year.  “i grew up playing basketball and took up golf as an adult,” explains tommy.
tommy cash…has a background in broadcasting, and his great voice has been heard commercially for clients such as, pepsi, burger king, dial finance, gm, beechnut, santa fe railroad, sunoco, amdro, harrah’s casinos, and many more….
personal note from tommy
“i grew up in northeast arkansas, the youngest of seven children.  i remember mama and daddy working long hours to provide for us and give us a christian home…most of all, i remember a whole lot of love.  my brother johnny and i are the only two who made a career in the music business.  sometimes i perform a musical “tribute” to johnny in my concerts.
i’m not surprised that country music has been accepted by such a wide audience, and i believe, the best is yet to come!”   -tommy cash





