

























banff centre mountain film and book festival & world tour | banff centre













































      skip to main content
    









































programs








view programs









arts





indigenous arts


visual arts


literary arts


dance


music


opera


theatre


mountain culture


professional training programs


leighton artist studios


  








leadership





indigenous leadership


  


  

shows & festivals









events





performances & arts events


banff summer arts festival 2024


house programs


box office


  








mountain film festival





world tour


banff on demand


2024 festival


competitions, awards & workshops


  


banff international string quartet competition





competitor information


tickets & packages


  


  

stay & dine

































restaurants





maclab bistro


vistas dining room


three ravens restaurant & wine bar (closed)


  

hotels


banquets & receptions


  

conference centre







our conference centre


meeting spaces & convention facilities


hotel & dining


the destination


  

campus facilities







sally borden fitness


walter phillips gallery


library & archives


artist facilities


map & directions


webcam


  

about us







about us


work with us


subscribe to newsletters


support us


contact us


strategic plan



governance





banff centre foundation


board of governors


senior leadership team


  

  



























search



























donate










































































      banff centre mountain film and book festival & world tour



















































































  banff centre mountain film and book festival & world tour







































since 1976, the banff centre mountain film and book festival, a flagship program of banff centre, has been an industry leader in the celebration of mountain culture. we promote understanding and appreciation of the world’s mountain places by creating opportunities for people to share and find inspiration in mountain experiences, ideas, and visions. following the festival each fall, our annual world tour reaches more than 45 countries on 7 continents, making us the largest adventure film tour on the planet.
banff centre mountain film and book festival 
join us in banff for the 50th anniversary of the festival from nov. 1-9, 2025! the festival annually features adventurers, authors, and filmmakers sharing their stories; epic films from around the world; the festival marketplace with the rab stage with free presentations; happy hours with music; downtown and partner events, mountain art exhibitions; and much more! 2025 festival passes on sale in april. stay tuned for more updates on the 2025 festival in the coming months.be the first to know! subscribe to festival newsletters. volunteer applications will open in summer 2025.
world tour
this year's 2023-2024 world tour has licensed 37 films from around the world, including films from canada, usa, switzerland, france, sweden and more! the 2024-2025 tour launched in december.
banff on demand
watch films online from home! banff on demand features films from past world tour programs, festival favourites, as well as school programs.










































































  banff centre mountain film and book festival 







      save the date for the 50th anniversary of the festival from nov. 1-9, 2025 in banff! 



read more


































































  banff on demand







      watch films from the banff centre mountain film and book festival and world tour online from your home with the banff on demand streaming platform. 




read more





























































  banff centre mountain film festival world tour







      the 2024-25 banff world tour has launched! check the schedule for upcoming dates and locations near you.



read more






















competitions, awards, and workshops
















banff centre mountain film festival world tour magazine 2024-25

















presenting partners






















major partners































exclusive lodging partner

















festival and world tour archive
















find out about our festival and world tour partners

















contact
volunteer | find out morevolunteer applications will open in summer 2025.media: 2024 festival in banff (2025 coming)media accreditation formworld tourworldtourinfo@banffcentre.ca
banff centre mountain film and book festivalbanffmountainfestival@banffcentre.caabove photo: the french alps, photo by jordan manoukian.














 
 
  




























phone (main switchboard)
403.762.6100

address
    107 tunnel mountain drive
    po box 1020
    banff, alberta
    canada
    t1l 1h5


find us on google maps

























footer






about banff centre


about us


history


mission/vision


strategic plan


president's message


en français




banff centre operations


maps & directions


admissions office


participant resources


student portal


work with us


contact us




banff centre communications


subscribe to newsletters


news & stories


media room


publications




banff centre small print


policies & procedures


digital privacy statement


terms of use










































banff centre is supported by



































































cca_rgb_black_e





















































follow us























donate









































we recognize, with deep respect and gratitude, our home on the side of sacred buffalo guardian mountain. in the spirit of respect and truth, we honour and acknowledge the banff area, known as “minihrpa” (translated in stoney nakoda as “the waterfalls”) and the treaty 7 territory and oral practices of the îyârhe nakoda (stoney nakoda) – comprised of the bearspaw, chiniki, and goodstoney nations – as well as the tsuut’ina first nation and the blackfoot confederacy comprised of the siksika, piikani, and kainai. we acknowledge that this territory is home to the shuswap nations, ktunaxa nations, and metis nation of alberta, rockyview district 4. we acknowledge all nations who live, work, and play here, help us steward this land, and honour and celebrate this place.













































