






the guide for international students coming to the usa | edupass
















































 
 























getting into college


should you apply


before you apply


completing your application




paying for college


planning


financial aid


scholarships




immigrating to the usa


english as a second language


passports & visas


traveling to the usa




living in the usa


living in the usa


cultural differences


resources




student tools


student loan finder


mpower student loans


facebook community





×


getting into college

should you applybefore you applycompleting your application

paying for college

planningfinancial aidscholarships

immigrating to the usa

english as a second languagepassports & visastraveling to the usa

living in the usa

living in the usacultural differencesresources

student tools

student loan findermpower student loansfacebook community












the international student guide to studying in the usa











getting into college >


what are the top universities in the usa for international students?
a new ranking based on what matters to you! choosing which of the best universities in the usa to attend can seem overwhelming. there...



paying for college >


loans for international students
below is a list of some of our favorite private lenders. whether you apply to one of these or to another company you find...



immigrating to the usa >


7 must-know tips for studying abroad in the u.s.
7 must-know tips for studying abroad in the u.s. edupass is proud to be your go-to-guide for studying in the u.s. are you worried...







essential tools for international students >





mba school finder: which mba school is right for you?



						use our mba school finder tool to discover which us schools are right for you. know everything you need from academics to tuition fees and available loan options.
					





student loan finder: discover top loan options for you 



						our free comparison tool is designed for international students to quickly find the most suitable loan to apply to that can cover your total cost of attendance
					








learn more about




getting into college
applying for schools is a long and complicated process. we’ll help you figure out how to do it.
check out our 19 related articles







immigrating to the usa
learn all about the visa processes required to get you into the usa legally so you can make the most of your time as a student.
check out our 28 related articles







living in the usa
use our go-to resource guide to all aspects of living in the usa, including how to get around, the healthcare system, and how to keep yourself entertained.
check out our 17 related articles







paying for college
there are numerous financial opportunities available to help you pay for school, and we can help you find them.
check out our 28 related articles





















don't miss important scholarship announcements and other vital news - sign up for the monthly edupass newsletter

 














subscribe
















						trusted by 350+ universities as a valued resource for international students coming to the usa
					



						quick links
					

scholarships
student loans
find my student loan




						company
					

home
about
privacy policy




						get in touch!
					
contact






join our fb community






copyright © 2025 edupass all rights reserved. property of mpower financing.





















