



self mastery co – self mastery co





























































 






skip to content 











 









events
overview
products
testimonials
contact
 

 menu


events
overview
products
testimonials
contact
 
























self mastery 



									learn from the international gold standard in in-field personal growth training and transformation mastery								











“these guys represent the cutting edge of knowledge”“you can’t go wrong investing your time and money with them”
eben paganauthor of opportunity 








start with a free 2 hour"crash course" 



									notorious in the personal development industry, this course will change the way you think about identity-level change for the rest of your life. learn a barrage of cutting edge strategies that you can take out and test drive today!

								






 










 enter your name
 

 enter your best email
 






 











student success stories
 










						“the seminar with owen was something that totally changed my life. i feel more confident. he is a genius when it comes to understsanding social dynamics and a good teacher. his strategies have given me new insights and i have a whole different world with relationships right now.
i believe i have a whole different level of success with social skills now. i was in san francisco and i would like to thank the instructors for helping me out. i could see that he wanted to really teach me and his caring came through his sincerity.”					


harsh b.mumbai, india 






						“i’ve come such a long way in my own social skills. 6 months ago i was feeling nervous as hell when i first went to an event, club or networking event. i hesitated for 5 minutes, then all i did was say “hi!” and leave.
guys, just that was an incredible rush for me. and my friend thought i was the shiznit! i had less than zero social skills. nowadays, it’s easy to talk to people and have fun getting people interested. i’ve become a lot more social and enjoy life more so than anytime in my past.
so the solution is to get in the field and add a new piece to my personal development. guys, this stuff can only be internalized in the field. don’t waste time like i used to do and try to learn everything at home before attempting to get out there. get out and have fun!”					


hansel t.los angeles, ca 






						“i expected a non-stop frat-house party, but the guys are extremely focused on their work and professionalism seemed to trump any ideas of staying up all night partying.
i guess their daily lifestyle is such a party, that when they’re on the road doing seminars and workshops they are extremely focused on the students. anyone who hasn’t seen these guys in the field and reads these stories about the stuff they pull off and then wonders if it really goes down like that– yes it’s all real.
these guys are amazing. it seems like there is no sphere of social circles that they cannot break into. sometimes it’s wild to watch.”					


alex v.brooklyn, ny, usa 






						“last weekend i went to the san diego workshop…i was totally blown away. there is no underestimating the social skills these guys have. it’s incredible to see how tight social skills can get and what is really possible. just witnessing these guys in action with people was worth the price of admission many times over. the reactions they get from people are incredible and far beyond what i had ever seen. they are playing the field on a totally different level than i had imagined was possible. they weren’t just writing or talking about it, they were talking to people with me and i was seeing first hand exactly how tight social skills could be. for those guys who might be new to this material or who might not have tried this stuff in the field, let me just say this works!!!”					


brian v.los angeles, ca, usa 






						“here is the my field report for the smc seminar. i personally found the seminar and workshop, to be exceptional. i absolutely loved the course. i can speak for both my friend and myself, and say that our respective social confidence went through the roof. i think if i was still in melbourne, i would taken at least another 6 months, before i get to where i am today.”					


david l.melbourne, australia 






						“watching and listening to owen explain things was  fascinating, as his in-depth understanding of social dynamics is rare. you have to be prepared to step out of your comfort zone and talk with a wide variety of groups of people and situations. combine that with the opportunity to ask instructors questions where they answer based on their vast experience and your social skills can improve significantly in a very short period.”					


cliff k.montreal, quebec, canada 






						“what owen and the other instructors brought to the table was so powerful and it filled many of all the holes that were missing for me and the 12 guys from [the smc live training programs]…
wow! i’ve never met anyone who theorized relationships exactly as owen does. would i recommend this workshop as one of the best out there? yes! would the guys in my [smc live training program] recommend it as well, all 12 of them that attended?
yes!
i have never been with anyone that had such confidence in his social skills that he could narrate what was happening and not worry about it affecting the outcome. that is solid!”					


craig e.san francisco, ca, usa 












more success stories















experience smc live 



free tour: fill your head with so many bleeding edge “smc in house secrets” on success with relationships, social dynamics, and self actualization that you left with your head spinning in disbelief. 



bootcamp: get massive amounts of experience under your belt, and to have you good with social skills within three days. clients walk in on the first day with whatever skill level they have (novice or advanced, it doesn’t matter), and walk out on the third day with tremendous gains. 






see schedule options




















connect with us 



phone: +1 (213) 785 7895support@selfmasteryco.com 






contact us
















terms & conditions
privacy policy
anti harassment policy​
success disclaimer
affiliates
 

 menu


terms & conditions
privacy policy
anti harassment policy​
success disclaimer
affiliates
 












© copyright 2025 self mastery co. 





 






 







accept cookies & privacy policy?this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










  
































