ctrn: change that's right now | organization specializes in helping overcome the most severe phobias like fear of public speaking, fear of flying, stage fright etc. online tests & help...homeprogramscompare ctrn programshome study program $one-on-one vip program $$$client successin the mediactrn media roomin the mediapress releasesabout usabout usthe ctrn teamhow such fast change is possibleprivacycontact ushomeprogramscompare ctrn programshome study program $one-on-one vip program $$$client successin the mediactrn media roomin the mediapress releasesabout usabout usthe ctrn teamhow such fast change is possibleprivacycontact us      menu  homeprogramscompare ctrn programshome study program $one-on-one vip program $$$client successin the mediactrn media roomin the mediapress releasesabout usabout usthe ctrn teamhow such fast change is possibleprivacycontact us fears, phobias, anxiety?gone.fear & anxietyctrn: change that's right now...we help people to overcome quickly the worst fears, phobias & anxiety.no drugs. no 'facing your fear'. just the easiest, safest and fastest modern techniques...many serious problems> fear of public speaking  > fear of flying > stage fright  > fear of success  > performance anxiety > emetophobia> fear of driving > fear of bridges  > agoraphobia > fear of doctors  > complete list of phobiascheck us outif you were skeptical, these  people used to be, then checked  us out and found ctrn is  for real:  > recent news coverage > client experiencestwo serious solutionsone-on-one 'vip' program: one-on-one help with an expert, board-certified practitioner... > learn morehome study cd program: vanquish fear & anxiety is the highly effective home study program. go at your own pace, in privacy... > learn more start immediately... invest in our most popular program  right now, and get started immediately by downloading it to your computer, ipod or mp3 player :  > vanquish fear & anxiety...   free of fear – how ctrn is changing livesat ctrn: change that’s right now, our mission is to help people improve their lives by removing the fears, anxieties and phobias that keep them from reaching their true potential. we help people with all phobias, from ablutophobia to zoophobia, but our most common cases are fear of public speaking, fear of flying, and stage fright / performance anxiety. see how we can help you. fear of public speakinga recent gallup poll found that 40% of adults have a fear of public speaking. comedian jerry seinfeld once observed that at a funeral, most people would rather be in the casket than giving the eulogy!fear of public speaking can cripple your career, since it’s almost impossible to be successful in business without having to speak to a large group at some point. but a debilitating fear of speaking can make this a painful experience.ctrn’s ‘vip’ & vanquish fear & anxiety cd programs have helped many overcome the fear of speaking in public by getting to its root cause."public speaking is a key part of my work, but for some reason i was stuck. with just days to go before an important presentation to top decision makers in the pharmaceutical industry i was completely lost and extremely nervous. one session with ctrn and the problem was gone. i wasn’t just over my fear of public speaking, i was enthusiastic and full of ideas about how to make it a really great speech – which it was. now i feel like this about public speaking all the time." shelley taylor-smith – 7 time world marathon swimming champion new york, usamore reviews >conquer your fear of public speaking fear of flyingin today’s global economy it’s impossible to be a successful executive without flying. if you suffer from a fear of flying, your anxiety can put a ceiling over your career. your phobia can cost you business opportunities, speaking engagements, even promotions.also known as aerophobia or aviophobia, fear of flying affects an estimated 25 million americans and the actual number may be higher, since many people hide their fear. a gallup poll taken after september 11 found that forty percent of people are worried about flying.but you can overcome your fear of flying with no drugs or medication. our time line therapy techniques have helped hundreds conquer their fear and learn love the freedom of flying."for over 20 years, i had been living a significantly restricted life, as i was unwilling to fly anywhere. most business trips were out of the question. i thought of myself as a person who had fear of flying; my fear was part of my identity. i contacted ctrn, because i knew if anything was going to work, it had to be very different than the therapies i had already tried in 5 hours, i was able to change my life!" erica fox – family educator – newton ma, usamore reviews >overcome your fear of flying stage fright / performance anxietywhether you call it stage fright or performance anxiety, this crippling fear is the performer’s equivalent to writer’s block. it can stop you cold.the stress of recalling the next line of a performance and the anxiety caused by being on stage can be a powerful combination. add the fact that a single miscue can mar your performance and you have a recipe for debilitating stage fright.nearly every musician has had a bout of stage fright at some point in their career. many of the world’s most famous performers have had to deal with periods of intense fear. stage fright kept barbara streisand from performing for twenty-seven years. singer donny osmond suffered acute attacks of performance anxiety before concerts.our vanquish fear & anxiety home study program has helped many performers overcome stage fright by helping them relax and visualize success. many describe it as a liberating experience. read just one example."i worked with ctrn’s phobia clinic [for my stage fright], and was able not only to undertake the performance, but to really enjoy it, concentrating on and taking pride in my performance instead of sweating and shaking for days beforehand in just a few minutes the technique you used enabled me to overcome a problem that i have had for virtually all of my life." martyn wheeler – cpa castle douglas, scotlandmore reviews >overcome your stage fright countless other fears & phobiaswhile fear of flying, fear of speaking in public, and stage fright are the most common maladies we deal with, we’ve helped people beat phobias such as claustrophobia, emetophobia, fear of spiders, and even fear of the devil. our master list of phobias catalogs over 500 phobias.how can we treat such a wide range of fears? all phobias are ultimately the same fear and flow from the same root cause. our  approach gets at the source of these fears and break the cycle of negative thinking.you really can create the life you love.> discover vanquish fear & anxiety, home study  program  > read about our ‘vip’ 1-on-1 service for severe cases  > read and listen to reviews  > contact us   recent customers at"ctrn has the best techniques on the planet for helping you  make the changes you need… it's incalculable what this is worth... i can only say many — many — times the investment."shelley taylor-smith7-time world marathonswimming champion    more references >get fast results with the home study programlearn more  >privacy, security & trust   secure site highest level 'ev' site securityall sensitive and private information sent from this site is protected by extended 'ev' ssl encryption, the strongest encryption and identity verification available7771934  8887207tested siteon-going site safety testingclick on the seal above to confirm our trustwave audited compliance with the pci, strict industry-standard for credit card security.your credit card and other information are safe. secure transactionssuper-secure transactionsfor optimal speed and banking industry-grade security we use paypal merchant services to process all credit card transactions.get involvedclient referrals  ctrn loves getting referrals from our past and current customers  -  and be sure to have them tell us you've sent them.contact uscontact usctrn contact pagefor the best part of a decade we've heard and helped all kinds of people. we'd love to do the same for you! main home pagevip 1 on 1 programvanquish fear and anxietyclient successfear of public speakingfear of flyingctrn in the mediamedia roomsecure cartpurchase agreementlegal etcprivacy security & trustabout uscontact usclient referral programphobia list and definitionsa-z list of fears and phobiassitemapabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz 