












pennington bird feeders, houses & accessories
























































 



























 












lawncare



seeding


patch and repair


lawn fertilizer


 



gardening



plant food


soil amendments


plant seeds


wildflower


potting soil


 



birding



seed feed and treats


hummingbird


feeders, houses, accessories


pet bird


 



learning



lawncare articles


lawncare faq


gardening articles


gardening faq


wildbird articles


wildbird faq


 



email



customer service


email sign-up


 



our story

 



//wildlife, ag & pro turf



wildlife


agriculture


pro turf


 





 















 








 










 




























 






pennington /


all products /


birding /


feeders, houses & accessories /


















 























clear all






                        feeder type
                    




hopper feeder (17)



nectar feeder (6)



suet cage (6)



tube feeder (1)






                        bird preference
                    




bluebirds (4)



cardinals (13)



chickadees (20)



goldfinches (17)



grosbeaks (12)



hummingbirds (8)



jays (15)



juncos (3)



large woodpeckers (6)



nuthatches (19)



orioles (6)



purple finches (16)



small woodpeckers (18)



sparrows (16)



titmice (20)






                        category
                    




birding (36)



feeders, houses & accessories (38)



hummingbird (8)



other (3)











feeders, houses & accessories
 



39 products found

 











pennington 16 oz classic hummingbird feeder

pennington 16oz classic hummingbird feeder is the ideal starter hummingbird feeder.












pennington 16 oz. glass hummingbird feeder

pennington 16 oz. glass hummingbird feeder has been engineered to be the best in class for both consumers and birds.












pennington 28 oz flip perch glass hummingbird feeder

8.25l x 7.75w x 9.25h












pennington 28 oz glass hummingbird feeder

eight bee-resistant nectar ports and seals offers migrating hummingbirds a place to rest and eat.












pennington 32 oz classic hummingbird feeder

pennington 32 oz classic hummingbird feeder with uniquely designed ring perch base and four nectar ports offers migrating hummingbirds a place to rest and eat.












pennington 32 oz decorative hummingbird feeder

pennington 32 oz decorative hummingbird feeder has been engineered to be the best in class for both consumers and birds.












pennington cedar house

this home provides a safe nesting spot for america's most popular songbirds from weather and predators.












pennington cedar chalet bird feeder

the pennington cedar chalet bird feeder is hopper style feeder with attached suet baskets is ideal for attracting a variety of colorful songbirds to one feeder.









load more

























 cedar feeders
cedar feeders are skillfully handmade in ohio by amish and american master craftsmen. made from durable eastern red cedar, our superior level of quality ensures that these feeders will be beautiful and functional for years to come.
hopper feeders
hopper feeders come in a variety of sizes and materials ensuring that we have a feeder to suit every need and budget.
tube feeders
tube feeders are designed to keep seed clean and dry, while offering multiple seed ports to feed more songbirds at one time.
bird houses
bird houses are stylish, functional and designed to attract nesting birds in your area.
accessories
accessories you need - to hang your feeder in any setting. 








































 



















 










©2023 pennington seed, inc. all trademarks are either property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and/or related companies, or property of their respective owners.        









privacy policy 

terms of use 







 






 

