

































































	
        
        city of thunder bay











<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-mnq3b5" height="0" width="0">








skip to content







 a-z directory accessibility connect maps











search



i want to...
















city of thunder bay










city serviceshighlightsa to z directoryparkingroad worktransitcity servicesa - z city servicesaccessibilityanimalsanti-racism supportapplications, licences and permitschild carecommunity safety and well-beingemergency services and public safetyfire rescuegarbage and recyclinghome and propertymapsmunicipal enforcement servicesview more...recreationhighlightschildren and youtheventsbiking, walking and trailstbay games 2024recreationaccessible activitiesarenas and outdoor skatingarts and culturebiking, walking and trailschildren and youtheventsgolfmarinaolder adultsparks, campgrounds and conservation areaspoolspro kidspublic libraryview more...businesshighlightsbuilding and planningeconomic developmentrealty servicesapplications, licences and permitsbusinessadvertising and sponsorship opportunitiesapplications, licences and permitsbuilding and planningbusiness events calendarchamber of commerceeconomic developmentgrants, incentives and funding programsmapsrealty servicesreports, studies, policies and planstenders and proposalszoningcity hallhighlightsget involvedjobscity councilnews and noticescity hall2022 municipal electionawards and recognitionbudget and financeby-lawscity councilclean, green and beautifulcommittees and boardsconnect with the citydepartmentsearthcareget involvedgrants, incentives and funding programshistory, heritage and recordsview more...











                                    thunder bay home
                                

















i want to...


apply or registerbuilding permitcampsite bookingfire permitsjobsfreedom of information requestrecreation activitiesvolunteerwater connectionpayfacility rentaltransit fares and passesmarriage licensingparking spotparking ticketpermitstaxesreportby-law infractionpothole issueroad sign issuesidewalk issuestray animalstreetlight issuevandalismotherlearn abouta - z city servicesclimate adaptationcommunity safety & well-beingeconomic developmentfinance and budgetgetting involvedindigenous relationsthunder bay drug strategy





search

















asset management planbuild thunder bay family day powwowreport a problem








loading news feed...





popular links

jobstransitreport a problem







 get involved
stay informed on what's happening in your community and help shape the future of the place you call home. 
learn more







loading calendar feed...





upcoming events

loading calendar feed...




view full events calendar




invest
thunder bay offers opportunity, talent and a lower cost of doing business. we welcome entrepreneurs and visionaries looking to make their mark. 
learn morevisit
whether you're a local or a visitor, here for a week, a weekend, or just passing through, you'll be amazed at what thunder bay has to offer.
learn more












































city hall: 500 donald street e, p.o. box 800  thunder bay, on p7c 5k4city hall: (807) 625-2230 tty: (807) 622-2225
office hours:monday to friday from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm.
*please note that office hours for locations outside of city hall may vary, and some offices may close during lunch hours.
contact us - department directorycity infrastructure & operations dispatch: (807) 625-2195
*available 24/7 for questions, concerns, or emergencies related to roads, waste, traffic signals, lighting, snow removal, water, sewers, parks, and more.a-z directoryfreedom of informationdepartmentssitemapsubscribewebsite technical issue
























disclaimer and copyright notice © 2018 city of thunder bay


 city servicesa - z city servicesaccessibilityanimalsanti-racism supportapplications, licences and permitschild carecommunity safety and well-beingemergency services and public safetyfire rescuegarbage and recyclinghome and propertymapsmunicipal enforcement servicesolder adultsparkingpublic libraryreport a problemroads and active transportationsuperior north emergency medical servicestransitutilitieswater and sewer servicesrecreationaccessible activitiesarenas and outdoor skatingarts and culturebiking, walking and trailschildren and youtheventsgolfmarinaolder adultsparks, campgrounds and conservation areaspoolspro kidspublic libraryrecreation activities and programsrecreation facilitiessport developmenttbay games 2024visit thunder bayvolunteerbusinessadvertising and sponsorship opportunitiesapplications, licences and permitsbuilding and planningbusiness events calendarchamber of commerceeconomic developmentgrants, incentives and funding programsmapsrealty servicesreports, studies, policies and planstenders and proposalszoningcity hall2022 municipal electionawards and recognitionbudget and financeby-lawscity councilclean, green and beautifulcommittees and boardsconnect with the citydepartments earthcare get involvedgrants, incentives and funding programshistory, heritage and recordsindigenous relations jobsnews & noticesreports, studies, policies and plansstrategic plantaxesthe minutesthunder bay court servicesthunder bay drug strategythunder bay open data 






















search





search











 connect



city of thunder bay
500 donald street e. p.o. box 800 thunder bay, on p7c 5k4
office hours: monday - friday: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm
quick links:contact directorya-z services report a problemwebsite technical issue tty: (807) 622-2225city infrastructure dispatch:(807) 625-2195
discover more way to connect with us.     


social media
























get involved
see all the ways you can learn more, have your say, and shape your city: get involved
subscribe
stay on top of city events, announcements, alerts, and more: subscribe



contact directory
use our directory to find a city contact.the minutes
a brief recap of the weekly council meeting and conversations with municipal leaders and staff.












browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.











