




euroculture





















 







  




faculty of artscontacts 
toggle navigation



 logo 








 aboutprogrammestudentsstaffhow to applypractical informationdocumentseuroculture













        
        euroculture
      



society, politics and culture in global context: euroculture is an interdisciplinary, international ma programme with accreditation as consortium of eight european universities, which cooperate with four overseas partner universities. the euroculture programme, founded in 1998, was included in the prestigious list of erasmus mundus master of excellence programs and its alumni receive a joint degree from two european universities.
the programme focuses on cultural and social development in europe, question of european identity, values, citizenship and cultural relationships. one of the main priorities is an emphasis on combining theretical knowledge and practical skills. the programme aims to prepare the alumni for careers where is necessary to understand european matters and problems of current european society (universities, media, diplomacy, european and national institutions, non-profit organisations).
 
in olomouc the euroculture programme is run by the department of history of the faculty of arts, which specializes mostly in european history and culture. at the same time, it closely cooperates with the department of political science and european studies, department of sociology, and department of media studies but also with other faculties such as the faculty of law or the faculty of science.
in olomouc, the teaching style is heavily focused on critical thinking. the courses are based on the independent research of students and discussions in class with their active participation. students are free to select optional courses primarily from the offer of the faculty of arts.
 
get international experience, embrace practical knowledge, enjoy international environment created by students from all over the world and receive a joint degree!

to give you an idea about olomouc, about its vibes and genius loci, check some of the videos below :-)




























photo galleries











virtual tour



















student life



















presentation of medals to professors from valdosta state university



















discussion common ground








more photosvideo gallery



        
        palacký university in facts and figures
      















more videos
contact

postal address
faculty of arts
palacký university olomouc
křížkovského 10
771 80 olomouc
czech republic
 euroculture@upol.cz
study officeeva gyuránová
 eva.gyuranova@upol.cz
 +420 585 633 038

 2025 palacký university olomouc | privacy policy | webmaster-ff@upol.cz


privacy settings

















more...


we use cookies and any other network identifiers on our website that may contain personal data (e.g. about how you browse our website). we and some of the service providers we use have access to or store this data on your device. this data helps us to operate and improve our services. for some purposes, your consent is required to process data collected in this way. you can change or revoke your consent at any time (see the link at the bottom the page).
read more















necessarily
                    (essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the website to function properly.)
                  




analytical
                    (statistics cookies collect information anonymously. this information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website.)
                  




promotional
                    (they are designed for promotional purposes, measuring the success of promotional campaigns, etc.)
                  















