












the clan macpherson association



cma
home

association

the clan chief
constitution
officers
data protection
associated families
macpherson images
join the cma
creag dhubh
junior section

						photo credits



branches

africa
australia
canada
england & wales
europe
new zealand
scotland & northern ireland
united states

						other locations



gathering

clan gathering 2025



museum

links

general links
cma facebook
clan museum
museum facebook 
macphersonia



contact

webmaster
chairman



☰

 



clan macpherson association






new!
			welcome to the new cma website. not only do we have a new look, but we are now phone and tablet friendly 
			as well.
			
			the photo credits section has been added to give credit to those who 
			have allowed us to use their photos for our page banners and content. if you see one of your photos which 
			has not been credited, contact the webmaster.
				 photo credits

			the september 2024 edition of the europe branch newsletter is now available. 
				 newsletter

			the creag dhubh is now available online. see the 2024 edition. 
				creag dhubh








				welcome tothe clan macpherson association

the clan macpherson association (cma) is a world-wide organisation with objectives that include:

promoting and fostering the clan spirit and life of the clan at home and abroad 
keeping clansfolk in touch with one another in all parts of the world
encouraging the study and preservation of the history, folk-lore, literature, music, treasures and traditions 
					of the clan macpherson

if you are a macpherson (or macpherson or mcpherson) or from one of our many 
			
				associated families, join us. details can be found on this site.
started in 1946 by a group of clansmen in scotland, the cma now has a world-wide membership, from new 
				zealand to sweden, from the united states of america to borneo, with its traditional heartland being badenoch 
				in scotland. where a country has a sufficient density of membership local branches maintain local contact, but 
				whether a member of a branch or not, we are all part of the clan macpherson association. branches operate in 
				africa, australia, canada, england & wales, europe, new zealand, scotland & northern ireland and the 
				united states of america. branches have their own pages on this site, and they can be accessed from the clan 
				association menu above.
the name macpherson, macpherson, or mcpherson, according to the spelling preferred by individual families, 
				comes from the gaelic mac-a-phearsain and means literally "son of the parson". mhuirich cattanach, fourth 
				chief of clan chattan, was made parson of kingussie, and his second son was the first to be called macpherson.
as well as local branch activities, a gathering is held each year in badenoch, where members from all over 
				the world come together to dance, sing, talk and enjoy each other's company. this happens on the first full 
				weekend in august, and coincides with the newtonmore highland games, our "own" games.
the cairn, pictured here, is a symbol of our world-wide spread with a foothold for all in the root of our families. 
				built on macpherson ground in badenoch, it is constructed of stone from all around the world, sent by 
				macphersons from where they live.
to give commitment to our objective of preserving our history, the cma owns and runs the clan macpherson 
				museum, also in badenoch, in the town of newtonmore. you can find information about the museum, and make 
				a virtual visit and tour, by following the museum link on the menu at the top of this page.







© copyright clan macpherson association 2011-2024 - all rights reserved

 


