




the wanderer







































the wanderer

















contact us






archivepublic noticesbusiness directoryreal estate salescover contest






news
jackie smith departs            the mattapoisett council on aging board of directors met wednesday, february 5 to give an overview of various reports, tackle budgeting, go over programs, and other items. the first order of business was a review of the secretary’s report. firstly, the current budget was approved unanimously.             the board proceeded to discuss various agenda […] read more »
neighbors air concernsneighbors attending the february 10 meeting of the mattapoisett conservation commission aired their concerns about a proposed extension and improvements to a pier located on property owned by tracey white, 70 aucoot road.             robert malm, 2 lewis way, was first to say the project would give him a perfect view of the pier, not […] read more »
work halted pending new town planner            after two of the three articles it worked to create failed to pass at january 28’s special town `meeting, rochester’s zoning bylaw review committee voted on february 6 to suspend its activities until a new town planner can help to advance its agenda.             the special town meeting voted down proposals to add regulations […] read more »
avian flu and oil spill            the marion board of health met thursday, february 6 to go over various updates including a public health director update.             the meeting began with an overview of the plymouth county mosquito control project for 2024. data from the project in marion showed the following:             -366 spray requests, up from 324 the previous […] read more »
holy ghost reuse committee reportson february 11, members of the holy ghost reuse committee met with the mattapoisett select board to present their report. after some 18 months of conducting a survey and then studying the data gathered through that effort, the committee gave their report. nat ketchel presented the report which included survey questions, survey numbers, and areas […] read more »
aquifer protection and short-term rentalsat its february 3 meeting, the planning board, as usual, considered a mix of complex, long-term issues along with a few routine matters.             in the fifteen minutes between coming to order and opening the continued public hearing on the housing development underway at 78 wareham road, the board voted unanimously to (1) approve a […] read more »

 click here to go to the complete news archive










						upcoming events					






			feb		

			18		








10:00 am - 12:00 pm 



		february school vacation workshops at the mac	










			feb		

			18		








2:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		february school vacation workshops at the mac	










			feb		

			18		








6:30 pm 



		cookbook club	










			feb		

			19		








11:00 am 



		discover mlt preserves during february staycation	










			feb		

			19		








12:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		mnhm open during school vacation week	









		view calendar	





 click here for information on who to contact to submit your event, press release or news item.


events
upcoming events at the elizabeth taber librarythe elizabeth taber library is now operating out of the marion music hall for the month of february to facilitate a library improvement construction p[...] read more »
what is a.i.?an introduction of artificial intelligence will be presented. a.i. is already in many industries and is becoming a major factor in many areas of our l[...] read more »
marion democratic town committeethe next meeting of the marion democratic town committee will be held at 5:30 pm, february 20, in the community room of the marion police station, 550[...] read more »
mattapoisett republican town committeethe mattapoisett republican town committee (mrtc) welcomes members, guests and community members to join us on thursday, february 20 for pizza & m[...] read more »
mac fiber fusionthe marion art center is pleased to present its newest exhibition, fiber fusion, featuring five artists working in mixed media textile and fiber mater[...] read more »

 click here to go to the complete events archive



opinion
open meeting lawdear editor:             in the february 6, 2[...] read more »
  reflection on valentine’s day.to the editor;             reflection on vale[...] read more »
marion historic districtto the editor;             having previously [...] read more »
marion village historic districtan open letter to the residents of the proposed marion village historic district:    [...] read more »

 click here to go to the complete opinions archive




the latest in our photo gallery











































 

sports
bulldogs dominate basketball and hockeyboys’ basketball             the old roches[...] read more »
slam dunks and hockey pucksboys basketball             the old rochester[...] read more »
mariner youth soccerthe mariner youth soccer club’s annual meeting will be held tuesday, february 11 at 7:00 pm at[...] read more »
orr scores victories in basketball and hockeyboys basketball             the old rochester[...] read more »

 click here to go to the complete sports archive



features
pinewood derby for rochester and marion cub scouts            woodworking culminated in a contest of speed as more than 30 rochester and marion cub scouts competed in a local pinewood derby satur[...] read more »
cannabis and healthmarijuana, now most often called cannabis, use is growing. in recent years, almost 20% of the u.s. population have used cannabis, with 4% using it daily or almost daily. what is the impact on the heal[...] read more »
parlez-vous français?            if you are of french heritage, have a french name, spoke french as a child at school or in your home, and/or know of family who immig[...] read more »
art speaks volumes            black history month is a time to celebrate and a time to remember sacrifices made as well as challenges overcome.    &[...] read more »

 click here to go to the complete features archive 

wanderer today
 wanderer today daily updates click here to sign up for wanderer today daily updates


happenings
mnhm open during school vacation weekenjoying a “staycation” this winter? the marion natural history museum will be open wednesday february 19 and friday february 21, from 12:[...] read more »
from the files of the rochester historical societymy grandparents’ house on snipatuit rd. (one of rochester’s older houses) was a rambling structure with an added-on addition and an upstai[...] read more »
hello from plumb libraryeven though february is the shortest month of the year, there is no shortage of things to do here at the library.       [...] read more »
from the files of the rochester historical societya couple of weeks ago, i wrote about rochester’s wild animal farm and asked if anyone had any additional information. as luck would have it, two[...] read more »

 click here to go to the complete happenings archive 

 

 

the wanderer is available 
on your favorite ios device for free!





schools
marion social club scholarshipsthe marion social club, a charitable service club made up of your neighbors, is pleased to announce [...] read more »
town of mattapoisett scholarshipsthe mattapoisett scholarship committee is offering two distinct scholarship awards each of up to $1,[...] read more »
academic achievements            jillian craig, a member of the cl[...] read more »
blanche b. perry scholarshipthe mattapoisett land trust is seeking applicants for its $1000 blanche b. perry scholarship. this a[...] read more »
priscilla hathaway art scholarship            the mattapoisett land trust is se[...] read more »

 click here to go to the complete schools archive 

 click below to see more details on the tri-town






obituaries
barbara a. thommenbarbara a. thommen, 88, of mattapoisett died february 11, 2025 unexpectedly at tobey hospital. she was the wife of the late hans j.u. thommen. born in[...] read more »
matthew j. higginsmatthew j. higgins, 56, died unexpectedly on january 24, 2025 at his home in pacifica california.         &nbs[...] read more »
lorraine f. (souza) grantlorraine f. (souza) grant, 85, of fairhaven, passed away peacefully surrounded by family on friday, february 7, 2025. she was the wife of the late ken[...] read more »
doris eleanor (taber) grant            doris eleanor (taber) grant, 93, passed away peacefully on february 7, 2025 at her [...] read more »
karl t. smithkarl t. smith, 86, of acushnet passed away wednesday, january 29, 2025 at the royal in fairhaven after a long period of declining health. he was the l[...] read more »
dr. daniel m. lomba, jr.dr. daniel m. lomba, jr., of marion, ma, passed away on february 8, 2025, at the age of 63 after a courageous battle with als (lou gehrig’s disease)[...] read more »
anthony joseph almeida jr.anthony joseph almeida jr., “tony”, of mattapoisett passed away peacefully monday, february 3rd, 2025 surrounded by his loving family. he [...] read more »
james e. barrettjames e. barrett, 80, of mattapoisett died monday, february 10, 2025 at st. luke’s hospital after a period of declining health. he was the husba[...] read more »
caroline rose friedmancaroline rose friedman of barrington rhode island passed away unexpectedly on february 4th, 2025, after a joy-filled but very challenging life complic[...] read more »
r. william blasdaler. william blasdale, known as bill to most, passed away on january 30, 2025, leaving behind a legacy of family values, committed service, generosity a[...] read more »

 click here to go to the complete obituaries archive 













 

home
read the full edition
frequently asked questions
view classified ads
obituaries
enter a birthday



place an advertisement
ad price calculator
subscribe
my account
change my information
order history
payment on my account
upload artwork
advertiser's copy responsibilities form






business directory

photo gallery 
i found the aardvark 
tide chart 
the wanderer store 
obituaries 
real estate transactions

tri-town videos

orctv schedule 
police logs 



contact information

site map 
login 


copyright 
wanderer com inc. 
all rights reserved








































