



































rusc old time radio: stream classic radio shows & relive the golden age















homeblogcategoriesabout uscontactjoinlogin
the golden age of old time radio reborntravel back in time to a world where spine-tingling thrillers, hilarious comedies, gripping dramas and master detectives ruled the airwaves.since its inception in 1999, rusc has become the internet's premier destination for classic radio aficionados. with over 70,000 pages of vintage content, our ever-expanding treasure trove of old time radio shows offers an unparalleled journey through the golden age of entertainment."the wikipedia of
old-time radio"charts



top 20 charts on genres, series and shows to help you choose what to listen to.



share



find a show you like and share it with friends and family and spread a little joy.



ratings





ratings and comments on every series and show to help you find those hidden gems.





favoritessave your favorite series and individual shows to enjoy again whenever you choose.radio stations







sit back and enjoy dozens of carefully curated radio stations covering every genre.







puzzles





enjoy exclusive access to old-time radio quizzes and crosswords.





massive



over 40,000 classic radio shows to download and stream.



info packed



reviews for each show and series to help you choose what to listen to.



updated daily





new editorial every week on the shows, the stars and so much more.





radio heaventhe perfect place for anyone who loves old-time radiodesigned for people who love classic radio shows from the 1930s, 40s and 50s.join now


"woweee!!! i felt like i struck a gold mine when i found your website yesterday. i subscribed to rusc and can hardly pry myself away from your radio shows. i work on the computer out of my home and i love to listen to these shows while i work. thanks, ned. again, i say: woweee -- i love these!"
sue mcconnell
oklahoma


... and that's not all!
rusc members also have access to:

rusc mobile for listening on-the-move
regular editorial updates
rusc radio stations (which plays through a gigantic list of old time radio shows in whatever genre you select)
fun crosswords and quizzes,
all of the shows include heaps of detail, such as running time, size, stars and broadcast information.
there are many reasons why our members truly enjoy rusc. for some, it is the amazing variety of shows available - many of which are hard-to-find anywhere on the web - but on rusc it's a cinch with our online search.
for others, it's the ease of use, the daily updates, the superb sound quality or the one-click downloading of shows to your pc or mac.
or maybe it's the ability to be able to queue up shows and play them at your leisure that provides hours of uninterrupted listening. rusc even remembers which shows you've already listened to or downloaded, so you don't have to! no more wasting time listening to the same show twice...a real passion for old radiowhy people love rusca hassle-free streaming experience, bringing you vintage radio shows without the fuss. listen instantly, anytime, without needing to download or install extra software..rusc ensures a seamless and speedy download experience, making it super simple to keep your audio library filled with classic entertainment.find your favorite shows in a flash. search by actor, date, topic, or keyword for instant access that has been refined over quarter of a century for a seamless experience.simple to streameasy downloadpowerful searchwhile i continually expanded the content of rusc, my wife, joy, cheerfully took charge of answering many of the e-mails from our growing number of members. she answered questions, helped those who were not familiar with downloading the shows as mp3 files or other technical aspects, and showed them how they could get the most enjoyment out of their rusc membership. there wasn't a day that went by that joy didn't put a smile on the faces of our members.
before long, we had over 20,000 of the best old time radio shows in the rusc library -- and more happy members than we could count. but it didn't stop there. to this day, we continue to add more shows to the library every single day of the year (including weekends and holidays) and over the last quarter of a century we've gone from just a small collection to being well over 40,000 amazing shows from yesteryear.my name is ned norris and my wife is called joy. we are both avid fans of old-time radio shows. we started this website 19 years ago with the following intention:
we wanted to build a website with the best compilation of old-time radio shows available anywhere, where enthusiasts like ourselves could stop by anytime -- day or night, 24/7 -- and enjoy listening to as many of their favorite old-time radio shows as they want.
so we called our website ru sitting comfortably (rusc) and started building what many have called the most impressive library of old radio shows in 10 categories -- comedy, drama, detective, science fiction, thrillers, westerns, quiz shows, music/variety, juvenile, and miscellaneous.
i worked feverishly -- adding as many of the best old-time radio shows i could find to the rusc website. i didn't add just any old show, mind you, but i personally hand-picked only the best.who are we?our story


i just wanted to say how wonderful the website is that joy and ned have. when i found it, i was just in heaven. my husband has been an old time radio buff for many years, and i found rusc -- and i said,“oh, my gosh! this isperfect!”you can download and you can burn cds and listen to all the old-time radio shows you want for hardly any money each month. it is possibly the best web site that i have ever found. thank you so much, joy and ned!"
dorothy, tucson, arizon

































if you really want to stroll down memory lane to the hilt, there are interesting resources in the member's area -- such as recommended old-time-radio books, old-time advertising, and even old-time radio commercials for your enjoyment.
































old-time resources


























when you enter the rusc member's area, in addition to seeing a listing of the shows that i've added to the library over the past few days, you'll also see an editorial article that i've written. i post a new one frequently during the week. these articles include stories sent in by rusc members sharing new ways to enjoy the old-time-radio shows, relevant quizzes, fascinating facts about the radio stars and shows, special tributes, commemorations, well wishes and other timely information. our members absolutely love this because they say the editorials brighten their day, teach them something new, and make them feel right at home in our old-time-radio family!


























relevant editorial articles written by ned and joy


























if you have favorite shows that you want to find in our extensive library of shows, the member's area has a power search function that enables you to search by show title, series name, broadcast date, name of star or keyword. this lets you get to the shows you want instantly!


























power search function


























if you want to find out more about any particular series you can click on the appropriate link and you'll arrive at the series description page. sometimes it features just a brief overview, other times it is a mini-essay including information such as when the show was first broadcast and when the final broadcast went out, who sponsored it, the cast members and announcers, writers, theme tune and a potted-history of the show. this information can be a useful background resource and makes listening to these wonderful shows even more pleasurable.


























series description





















what good are thousands of show listings if you have little or no information about each show? as a member of rusc, as you view the show titles, you can click on the read more about this show... link, and you will be taken to the show details page. the show details page gives lots of useful information such as the name of the star, length in minutes and seconds, size of the file, the date the show was originally broadcast and a brief review of the show itself. i've painstakingly put all this together so that you'll have more than ample information to decide which shows to listen to. there are also links to find out more about the star of the show or the series itself if you wish.





















show details pages





















from anywhere on the site, you can add a show to your basket, and from the basket, you can either download all of those shows, or queue them up as a playlist to play online straight away. you can play, pause, fast forward, rewind, reorder, adjust the volume - everything! the playlist even remembers everything for the next time you log in!





















powerful playlist
















whenever you enter the rusc member's area, you'll find a column on the right-hand panel titled "ned's top 10." i put together and constantly update this ever-changing list of the old-time-radio shows that have been downloaded most frequently over the past month. it's a good way to find out what other members are enjoying -- so that you can enjoy them for yourself as well.
















ned's time-honored top 10: discover the crowd favorites











dive into the golden age of radio anytime, anywhere with rusc mobile. as a member, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore vintage shows on the go, ensuring you never miss a moment of nostalgic fun. let the captivating stories and legendary voices accompany you on your journey as you embrace the magic of old time radio.











listen on the go











we commit ourselves to finding the highest quality versions of these cherished broadcasts. although these recordings are from a bygone era, and so are often not perfect, we strive to ensure your listening pleasure by tracking down the best version of each broadcast when possible.











good sound quality











dive into the golden age of radio anytime, anywhere with rusc mobile. as a member, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore vintage shows on the go, ensuring you never miss a moment of nostalgic fun. let the captivating stories and legendary voices accompany you on your journey as you embrace the magic of old time radio.











listen on the go




   
 










forget about pricey cds or restricted access—rusc offers unlimited, 24/7 access to vintage radio shows. as a not-for-profit, family-run website, we believe in keeping classic entertainment accessible to all. your membership fee supports our mission to preserve and share this golden age of radio, ensuring you can enjoy timeless shows anytime, anywhere.









unlimited 24/7 show access



while joy and i have worked hard to bring you the best compilation of old-time-radio shows available anywhere, we also wanted to give you much more than you could ever ask for from an old-time-radio website. when you become a member of rusc, here are just a few of the unique benefits you'll receive:



why join rusc?so much on offer



i’ve been a member for more than two years.one of the first things i do each morning is to go online to see what new material has been added to the already wonderful library of available shows. my entertainment dollar never before has brought me so much for so little. thank you, ned and joy.  frank westchester



join now



we mentioned earlier that rusc is a not-for-profit website -- it's all about providing you with the utmost enjoyment from these wonderful radio shows. with that in mind we'd like to offer you my very special ned's word is his bond guarantee. it's a good old-fashioned guarantee and it goes like this:
if you are not 100% delighted with your rusc membership, just let us know and you'll get a full refund.
so, you can join with complete confidence -- and absolutely no risk on your part.



old-fashioned guaranteewe want you to be overjoyedhomeblogabout uscategoriesseriesexcerptsdownloadscontactprivacy© 2025 rusc.com


























































