






 



david allan coe - david allan coe .com





































































skip to content






david allan coe .com
order the dac x cds here


home biography discography photos lyrics blog tabs ask david your dac stories 




 
home biography discography photos lyrics blog tabs ask david your dac stories 

















underground box set



underground cd collection box set! – yes, these are the cd’s you’ve heard about everywhere.
these cd’s are very hard to find and have all the classic underground songs.



order



the lost midnight blue david allan coe interview dvd



david talks about his attitude since being released from prison and performing songs off of his x rated album.



order



the total collection - 17 cd box set



you will get 17 cds total that include 218 david allan coe songs.



order

















about david allan coe
ex-con found living in a cave!: david allan coe was the outlaw even outlaws were leery of coming across. he spent 20 years in prison for offenses including armed robbery and claimed to have killed a man who threatened him with sexual assault in a prison shower. when a reporter challenged this story, coe wrote. “i’d like to kick the shit out of you” in his honor. in the ’70s, coe recorded two albums of x-rated and racist tunes, with titles like “cum stains on my pillow” and “n*gger fuckers.” money troubles followed. he lived in a cave in tennessee after the irs seized his home in the ’80s, and in 1990, feds stormed a stage to repossess a guitar right out of coe’s hands. he recently recorded with members of pantera and toured with kid rock.
“it’s hurt my career because i’m not a pussy and a yes-man. nevertheless, i’m the motherfucker who has to live with david allan coe the rest of his life.”



read more
















david allan coe hospitalized







david allan coe tour dates for 2018







new dac live video







world premiere of the new david allan coe track with the moonshine bandits







country rap video coming soon







rip johnny rebel 1938-2016







david allan coe tour dates for august & september 2016







david allan coe tour dates for april 2016







dac featured at willie nelson museum







david allan coe tour dates for december 2015







david allan coe tour dates for october & november 2015







david allan coe pleads guilty to income tax evasion















share this page

share on facebookshare on facebook
share on xshare on x













featured music on bargain mail order site designed by louisville vip bottom







go to top

























































