















crime scene | examine the evidence and solve the case. since 1995.
































































      














subscribefaqlogin
homestart herelatest infocase recap case filescase solutionfor detectives onlyask the detectiveforumssolve moreblood baneterminal caresuburban secretsshot in the darkwild jasminepummeled pastortourist traprock outall stabbed upmurder under glasssee more cases to solvesocializeedit profileshopphotographyprinting with inkprinting with powderscience educationbody bagsdetective wearcrime scene tapeevidence bagsevidence markingforensic lightinggift ideas

















your next investigation is… killer headache 

diane coates collapsed during a conference reception and was later pronounced dead at the hospital.

case detectives can start investigating killer headache now.
this case will be available to the public on wednesday, february 19, 2025.don't want to wait? subscribe now


the last word


a woman was found shot to death on the side of the road in eastern yoknapatawpha county.

start your investigation now.
find out what's happened so far in the case recap.

 






				latest news	






				what	






				how	






				why	










 






search evidence analysisthe lab provided summary preliminary findings on search evidence collected in the chase investigation.

read more






howard & marion neidelmen interview #3zoe's parents called detective murphy with some questions.

read more






mallory benson searchthe detectives executed a warrant to collect evidence potentially relevant to the investigation from mallory benson.

read more






peggy leclaire searchthe detectives executed a warrant to search peggy leclaire's residence for potential evidence.

read more






boyd forbes interviewdetective armstrong went to talk to an inmate who might have some relevant information.

read more






peggy leclaire interview #3detective armstrong wanted to get peggy's take on mallory's story.

read more



 






local columnist zoe chase was found shot to death on the side of a road on the outskirts of town.
her vehicle was found abandoned a short distance away.
was this a carjacking gone wrong, or did someone want her dead?
ready to get started? check out the last word case introduction and case recap. then review the latest case information.








the last word case documents are presented in reverse chronological order in the case files.

click the evidence, interview, biography, or press tag at the top of the case files page to filter by document type.
click the day tags at the top of the case files page to filter case documents by the day they happened in the investigation.

want more info? check out the crime scene faq.
the last word investigation began on monday, january 6, 2024, and will run for about seven weeks.
 
 








you can investigate the case without paying or registering.
to participate in the discussion, sign up for a free account.
to make the most of your crime scene experience, subscribe now to get access to premium features like

early access to case documents
bonus content
the opportunity to ask questions and exchange theories with a ycsd detective.

want more information? check out our faq.






 






crime scene sells forensic supplies to the public

at crime scene we also offer forensic testing supplies and equipment. we supply crime labs, police departments, schools, movies, tv shows and armchair detectives.



 






latent fingerprint kit
 $ 44.00





a real print kit, fully stocked with instructions and enough supplies for at least 50 different print lifts.



shop now








forensikit subscription box 





$ 44- 54


explores a different crime scene processing technique each month.


shop now








forensic science kit, missy hammond murder
$ 75.00 $ 50.00



examine the evidence to solve a murder. dust evidence for prints & test fabric for the presence of blood.
shop now









 





 











useful links
your account
username reminderreset passwordcheck your case creditssubscription managementedit profilecancel your subscriptionprofile deletionabout crime scene
view the newsletterwe are on wikipediajoin the crime scene teampolicies
terms of serviceprivacy policyopt-in and opt-out policycookie policy
login



















log in
register




                                remember me                            

forgot username?forgot password? 





contact

crime scene3602 n 16th stphoenix, az 85016
voice (623) 565-8573 fax (602)-274-7280
for crime scene store inquiries: store@crimescene.com
for technical assistance: support@crimescene.com
get weekly updates 



get weekly updates on the investigation. 




        please enable the javascript to submit this form	



























© 1995-2023 crime scene. all rights reserved.


 




x


homestart herelatest infocase recap case filescase solutionfor detectives onlyask the detectiveforumssolve moreblood baneterminal caresuburban secretsshot in the darkwild jasminepummeled pastortourist traprock outall stabbed upmurder under glasssee more cases to solvesocializeedit profileshopphotographyprinting with inkprinting with powderscience educationbody bagsdetective wearcrime scene tapeevidence bagsevidence markingforensic lightinggift ideasfaq for teachers




you are now being logged in using your facebook credentials


×




×




forensikitby crime scene
a monthly subscription box
explore the different techniques used in working a crime scene.

learn about fingerprinting, collecting shoeprints, detecting blood, & more.
makes a great gift for aspiring investigators, students, and other crime science buffs!

each box (retail value $50+) comes with the same tools the pros use, directions, and learning activities.
order now to get the june box
learn more 






×




×




 




















log in
register




                                remember me                            

 










