

operacast - opera broadcasts on the internet





  



vrcs upcoming program - april 1, 2022!
 
   opera broadcasts on the internet
saturday | sunday | monday 
|  tuesday |  wednesday | thursday | friday 
   
   
 
 how to help ukraine now
 
  
help 
support operacast  at amazon.com ... 
buy cds, dvds, books and lots more...
opera on the internet (home)
list of opera 
  stations
(find 
    out more about each station and bandwidth requirements to receive streaming audio)
 opera table
(a guide to regularly scheduled 
    opera on the net)
 
schedule pages:this week:   
saturday
 sunday 
monday
tuesday
wednesdaythursday
fridaynext week:
  
saturday
 sunday 
monday-friday
bayreuth 
broadcasts 2024 it's back!
 up-and-coming singers  opera
blogcollector's guide to opera recordingsa few reflections 
internet radio for simpletonsinternet radio for techies
make a donation to support
 

buy the book! the 
assoluta voice in opera: 1797 - 1847  

favorite opera links
 
downloads
real audio 
(we recommend the free basic version)   windows media player
 orban aacplus plugin for windows media player
   
winamp (mp3 player) (preferred version 5.09 may be downloaded here)
  quicktime player 
     
  
 
  

 


make a donation to 
support

 


 
bayreuth 
broadcasts 2024






operacast.com 
carries complete audiocasts of opera programming streamed 
on the web. for those interested in following opera videocasts on-line, please visit opera 
platform, world 
concert hall and opera america's streaming guide.




welcome 
to operacast.com - the place to find information 
about operatic broadcasts on the internet.we hope your visit here will be a pleasant 
one and that you will enjoy this service and find it useful. we look forward to 
riding the wave of streaming opera on the internet with you in the coming years 
and decades, and we thank you for your support. the 
 
list of opera stations
 is a comprehensive list of all stations of which we are currently aware that 
broadcast high-quality audio on the net and who also broadcast regularly scheduled 
opera programs. this page has links to each station's home page, to all of that 
broadcaster's high-quality audio streaming links and to any additional technical 
help pages which that station may provide.the opera table 
- our generic schedule page - lists the station, program name, and times (in both 
greenwich mean time and eastern daylight time), for each regularly scheduled high- 
quality audio operatic broadcast of which we are aware currently available on 
the net. in addition, this page has links to each station's highest quality audio 
stream and to its relevant scheduling info page. 
we have redesigned our schedule 
pages so that they will load in your browser more rapidly. we now feature 
seven pages for the current week - this 
saturday, this sunday, this 
monday , this tuesday, this 
wednesday, this thursday and this 
friday  - and three for next week - next 
saturday, next sunday
 and next week - monday 
to friday . all programs will still be listed with their greenwich 
mean time (gmt) start times and equivalent times in eastern standard (or daylight) 
time. so you won't have to jump back and forth between our list 
of opera stations and the schedule pages, we list all 
audio stream links for each station on the schedule pages. 
two pages on this site briefly discuss some technical 
aspects of today's live audio streaming. one page is simple, straightforward, 
and basic, an introduction to internet radio for simpletons. the second is intended for the more technically inclined, internet 
radio for techies
. the latter page looks at some of the more quirky and esoteric aspects of 
broadcast audio streaming. it is not intended to be an exhaustive or comprehensive 
study of the technology but merely a personal semi-autobiographical review of 
aspects of the invention which have struck your editor as being of some interest. to keep 
you abreast of the current state of the streams we list, we have started a blog 
- operablog - where we can let you 
know when one of the streams is down or experiencing difficulties and when it 
is working properly again. we also use operablog for the occasional tribute 
when an important singer has a milestone birthday or passes away and for other 
commentary about the opera world.if you know of a regularly scheduled 
operatic broadcast which you do not see listed here, but which broadcasts in quality 
audio on the net, or of some special upcoming high-quality operatic webcast, please 
let us know about it and we will add 
it to our posted information.           we 
welcome any and all comments and suggestions. contact us at admin@operacast.com.
 
this page last 
revised 7/25/24 1:30 pm 
copyright 2000 - 2021 
| g. s. riggs & e. h. riggs

 



