





















hotels in niagara falls canada | niagara falls hotels










































skip to content





search for:





search
 
meetings
gift cards
blog
events
webcams
 





niagara falls hotels
the official guide to niagara falls tourism and travel






toggle navigation




niagara falls hotels

home
hotels

marriott fallsview
sheraton fallsview hotel
marriott on the falls
crowne plaza niagara falls fallsview
skyline hotel & waterpark
clifton victoria inn at the falls hotel
sheraton at the falls
wyndham garden at niagara falls

top 10 niagara falls hotels
view all niagara falls hotels


packages

ultimate couples experience
niagara falls waterpark getaway
ultimate casino experience
ultimate spa experience
niagara culinary experiences

view all niagara falls packages


food & drink

massimo’s italian fallsview restaurant
prime steakhouse niagara falls
fallsview grand buffet
lucky’s restaurant & bar
niagara distillery
niagara brewing company
niagara brewing company taproom
morton’s grille niagara falls
milestones on the falls
rainforest cafe
hard rock cafe
perkins family restaurant & bakery
starbucks cafe

new year’s eve dining
top 10 niagara falls restaurants
view all niagara falls restaurants
wineries of niagara


casinos

casino niagara
fallsview casino resort
casino entertainment


things to do

fallsview indoor waterpark
sheraton fallsview rooftop pool & bar
niagara distillery
niagara brewing company
hard rock cafe
hershey’s chocolate world
adventure city
rainforest cafe
the always refreshing soda shop
magnificent tours

view all niagara falls attractions
sightseeing in niagara falls
niagara falls golf
spas in niagara falls
shopping in niagara falls


discover

winter festival of lights
niagara icewine
niagara falls coupons
niagara falls fireworks display
niagara falls gift cards
niagara falls live webcam
niagara falls parking
niagara falls transportation
niagara falls weather
niagara falls hotel policies
niagara falls daredevils
cycling in niagara
weddings in niagara falls
faqs about niagara falls


 





book a roomcheck incheck outadults12345
children012345

child 1 age012345678910111213141516

child 2 age012345678910111213141516

child 3 age012345678910111213141516

child 4 age012345678910111213141516

child 5 age012345678910111213141516

search hotels 
our best rate guaranteed.

 








 


stay & save up to 20% off in niagara falls
planning a niagara falls hotel getaway? niagara falls has accommodations to suit your stay, from fallsview rooms to family suites. book now & save!





 


the best in fallsview dining
your table is waiting at niagara’s #1 restaurant; prime steakhouse and at massimo’s italian fallsview restaurant rated #1 italian restaurant in niagara falls on tripadvisor.  experience delicious menus and stunning fallsviews. learn more





 


niagara falls illumination
see niagara falls shine in a rainbow of colour each night! reserve a fallsview room at one of our niagara falls hotels to view the display from the comfort of your room! learn more





 


niagara culinary experiences
join chef massimo capra for our 8th culinary event series celebrating italian cuisine and wine! these events sell-out! reserve your table today







the best niagara falls hotels

			welcome to the official destination for the best niagara falls hotels and attractions deals. you’ve come to the right place for the latest news on niagara falls tourist attractions, including exciting events, top dining options, and so much more.
		




niagara falls hotel deals






marriott fallsview





sheraton fallsview hotel





marriott on the falls





crowne plaza fallsview





skyline hotel





clifton victoria inn at the falls hotel





sheraton at the falls





wyndham garden niagara falls





					whether you want to book a memorable trip to niagara falls, or you’re looking for something fun for the whole family to do when you’re in the area, check back regularly to see what’s new. we’re constantly updating our list of niagara falls hotels and attractions deals, so you always get the best value when you visit. find the perfect hotel deal here and reserve today for the best rate guaranteed!
				

see more deals 


					booking a stay at one of the many affordable niagara falls hotels means your entire family can enjoy fun activities at niagara falls tourist attractions ranging from water parks and cycling, to shopping, golf, and spas. world-class dining and the niagara brewing company give foodies and beer lovers ample delectable opportunities to indulge. whatever your interest, niagara falls features many diverse things to look forward to.
				






packages & events

spring break niagara falls hotel waterpark packagesstay. splash. eat. spring break fun! reserve a niagara falls hotel waterpark package to receive bonus attractions, dining & entertainment passes! plus, enjoy direct indoor connections to sheraton fallsview, niagara falls crowne plaza hotel and skyline hotel! fallsview indoor waterpark is 3 acres of weather-proof family fun!
book your waterpark getaway!fallsview indoor waterpark cabanasenhance your visit to fallsview indoor waterpark with a rental of one of our new private cabanas. enjoy beautiful views of the waterpark and a private space of your own, caribbean style!
rent a cabananiagara falls eventsniagara falls is home to unforgettable events! from electrifying concerts to culinary adventures featuring celebrity chefs, lively festivals, and spirited celebrations. niagara falls is where you want to be!
view upcoming events 

niagara falls diningwe hope you’re hungry. from the #1 rated restaurant and the #1 italian restaurant in niagara falls which offer fine dining in spectacular fallsview settings, to themed restaurants perfect for the whole family, find the most delicious food and wine options niagara falls has to offer.
view niagara falls restaurantswin a niagara falls getawayenter now for your chance to win your choice of a romantic niagara falls retreat or family waterpark getaway.
enter now to win a niagara falls getawayone card, countless adventuresgive someone you love a gift they’ll cherish forever with a hotel, restaurant, or attraction gift card that will provide them with an unforgettable niagara falls experience. whatever the occasion, we have the perfect gift.
buy your niagara falls gift card 





never miss out on a niagara falls moment! subscribe to the niagara falls hotels insider. 
there is always something fresh and exciting happening at niagara falls. with new restaurant openings, seasonal events, and deals to look forward to, stay in the know by subscribing to our free newsletter. you’ll be the first to hear about all the latest promotions, contests, and activities for your next niagara falls getaway.





email address



postal/zip code


subscribe

thank you for subscribing! you may unsubscribe at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails.






niagara falls never goes out of style



						it’s no surprise niagara falls is a destination that travelers return to again and again. once you’ve visited this amazing place, it will stay in your heart forever, and you’ll want to come back again soon. be sure to visit here often to see what is new. count on our site to have the top niagara falls hotels and attractions prices so you and your family can start planning your next memorable trip. we can’t wait to welcome you back to niagara falls.
					

						looking for a truly unique experience next time you come to niagara falls? the fallsview indoor waterpark is one of the top niagara falls tourist attractions because of its thrilling waterslides and activities for all ages. watch the video below to see what awaits.
					























fallsview indoor waterpark
enjoy 3 acres of water fun, slide down 16 towering water slides, surf the giant wave pool, and get drenched by the 1000 gallon tipping bucket.
watch video »




falls avenue resort couples getaways
a taste of all there is to see and experience at falls avenue resort. from celebrity chefs and fallsview dining to our spectacular spa, casino niagara and much more.
watch video »












give the gift of niagara falls
                            
niagara falls marriott gift cards
falls avenue resort gift cards


corporate information
                            
about us
best rate guaranteed
privacy policy
accessibility






niagara falls hotels

sheraton fallsview
marriott fallsview
crowne plaza fallsview
marriott on the falls
skyline hotel & waterpark
clifton victoria inn at the falls


niagara falls restaurants

top 10 niagara falls restaurants


niagara falls weather



subscribe
enter your email address below to receive exclusive deals and promotions from niagarafallshotels.com





email address



postal/zip code


subscribe

thank you for subscribing! you may unsubscribe at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails.



contact
                            
contact us
sales & meetings




niagarafallshotels.com

5685 falls avenue, 
niagara falls, on 
l2g 3k7 
canada 
                               phone: 1-800-263-7135

















                            ratings & reviews powered by 



©2025 niagarafallshotels.com.portions of the site © tripadvisor 2025








