





rhode island tourism vacation guide & attractions - visit rhode island


































maps
subscribe












blog













state: ri

connecticut

state
fairfield southwest
hartford central
litchfield northwest
mystic eastern
new haven south central

maine

state
bar harbor acadia
greater portland
mid coast
northern maine
south coast
western lakes mountains

massachusetts

state
boston
cape cod & the islands
central mass.
north of boston
south of boston
western mass.

new hampshire

state
dartmouth-lake sunapee
great north woods
lakes
merrimack valley
monadnock
seacoast
white mountains

rhode island

state
blackstone valley
block island
newport
providence warwick
south county

vermont

state
central
northeast kingdom
northern
southern

new england

all new england



where to visit
things to do and see
places to stay
events
weddings
food & drink
travel information





 












rose island lighthouse  -  photo credit: billy black






roger williams park in providence, ri






benefit street in providence, ri





previous



next











blackstone valley









block island









newport









providence warwick









south county















welcome to visit rhode island
beaches, newport mansions, hip fun in providence

rhode island, the ocean state, is loved for its many beaches, for the historic city of newport, and for the up-and-coming capital city of providence, rich with culture and interesting dining. visitors love the unspoiled block island, easily reached by ferry from the fishing village of point judith. other parts of the state are rich in history, farms, and beautiful outdoor getaways.
ri quick links: great things to do - events calendar- state map








rhode island regions and highlights:
blackstone valley region

the blackstone valley region takes its name from the river that was the power source for america's first mills. this historic and rural region is a place of old towns that preserve america's industrial history, including woonsocket and smithfield, ri; ethnic dining, courtesy of the french canadian, irish, italian, and portuguese immigrants who have settled here; small music and performance venues; and outdoor recreation.







block island region

this island off the rhode island coast has a single modest town, new shoreham, ri (most everyone just refers to it as block island), which features many beaches, two historic lighthouses, and stunning bluffs and cliffs. development is very light, and there are places all around to enjoy walking, bicycling, paddling, and bird watching with very little human encroachment. the town has delightful shopping and dining in a relaxed, summer-drenched atmosphere.







newport region

newport, ri is famous for its gilded age mansions, built as summer cottages by industrialists of the victorian age. many are open for tours and special events like garden shows, wine festivals, and christmas galas. the city has delightful colonial-period houses, lots of dining and entertainment and museums, and a legacy as a place of us naval history, sailing and tennis. people love strolling cliff walk, which looms above a rocky coast with gorgeous views of narragansett bay.







providence/warwick region

the capital city of providence, ri has enjoyed a rejuvenation since the 1990s, centered upon the downtown waterplace park, where the unique outdoor art happening, waterfire, is held. the city has great dining, most famously in its little italy neighborhood of federal hill. the neighborhoods surrounding brown university brim with elegant architecture of four centuries.
warwick, ri, just to the south of providence and also located on narragansett bay, has several excellent restaurants -- including some right on the water's edge, near marinas -- beautiful public parks with swimming, an easy-to-reach airport and rail connections on amtrak with parking shared by the airport and train station.







south county region

south county specializes in long, sandy, luxurious beaches with plenty of services and amenities. the towns of wickford and narragansett, ri offer water vistas along with shopping and pleasurable dining. westerly, ri is a pretty town with a victorian-era central park, with fantastic beaches and very upscale living along the shore. the county's nature preserves have ample hiking, paddling, and fishing in pristine settings.
great things to do in rhode island
























destinations


all new england
connecticut
maine
massachusetts
new hampshire
rhode island
vermont
state map


company


about us
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
site map


partnership


advertise
submit a listing
submit an event


top articles


great things to do
fairs and festivals
family activities
winter activities
fall foliage
pet friendly lodging
romantic gateways
waterfront lodging






tm © 2025  travel media group llc & visit new england®. all rights reserved.
top

 







