

















usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work






skip to main content














los angeles wildfires



to help faculty, staff and students who have been severely impacted and need financial assistance, usc has implemented the trojan family l.a. wildfires relief fund.



          updates
    















apply now for 2025



fall 2025 applications now open for on-campus msw



          apply
    


close






usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work



main-topical


admissions
toggle


accepted students


admissions events


how to apply


contact admissions


faq


tuition and financial aid


types of students


student demographics




academic programs
toggle


master of social work


doctor of philosophy


doctor of social work


master of science in nursing


undergraduate minor


certifications


graduate certificates




research
toggle


administration center


publications by faculty


research centers


military and veterans programs


research admin portal




community and clinical programs
toggle


telebehavioral health


trauma recovery center


trojan guardian scholars


sdp-keck human rights clinic


social work and public safety program




student life
toggle


learning in la


learning in san diego


enrollment advisement services


academic and career enhancement (ace)


student organization


student resources


commencement


we-care student wellness initiative




about
toggle


interim dean vassilios papadopoulos


board of councilors


community advisory board


senior leadership


diversity, equity and inclusion


faculty directory


staff directory


campus locations


contact us




media
toggle


in the media


webinars


podcasts


awards and recognition


press releases


faculty books


newsletter








main-tactical


give


news


events


faculty directory






          apply
    


information for


main-audience v2


alumni


faculty and staff


affiliations







search




search dworakpeck.usc.edu


search



menu

usc university of southern california




usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work








            on the frontline of change in los angeles
      

            an inclusive, tightly-knit campus set directly within the communities we serve.
      


          our community
    




            your msw, in san diego
      

            our transformative msw program is now available in san diego. earn your degree through our flexible hybrid model.
      


          learning in san diego
    




            in the sweet spot between scholarship and community
      

            learn from nationally recognized expert faculty whose research is embedded and tested within los angeles communities.
      


          learn about our faculty
    




            investing in bright ideas
      

            the solutions of the past cannot solve the challenges of the future. our flexible msw program gives students the confidence to break from convention when necessary to better support populations in need.
      


          academic programs
    




            a family culture
      

            the trojan family is real. the supportive, hands-on academic environment that students experience remains strong throughout their careers. 
      


          alumni and career development
    





 



 



 



 



 












 


celebrating black history monthfebruary is black history month, a time to honor generations of black americans who have shaped this nation, and continue to focus on equity and justice for all. join usc to celebrate and educate!






 


alumna selected as obama foundation leadershobana powell, dsw '20, is taking her leadership skills to the next level, selected from a field of thousands of applicants to participate in the 2024-2025 cohort of obama foundation leaders usa.






 


usc phd achievement awardphd candidate lucinda adjesiwor selected as one of six doctoral candidates from across the university to receive the prestigious award for 2025. 






 


professor receives national appointmentsara kintzle, research professor, has been appointed to the national academies of sciences, engineering, and medicine’s committee on the assessment of department of veterans affairs physical and mental health examinations, undertaking a review of the va's protocols regarding claims related to military sexual trauma (mst). 






 


professors appointed to la metro advisory boardrosemary alamo and rick ornelas, associate teaching professors, appointed to new advisory board for the development of a transit community public safety department, part of la metro's transition to an in-house law enforcement model. 






 


events spotlightjoin us for the next social justice research seminar on february 18 at 12:00 p.m., with associate professor olivia lee presenting on "the effect of employment insecurity on substance use and mental health."






 


diversity, equity and inclusionthe school is dedicated to eliminating racial injustice and promoting an ongoing process of healing and reconciliation to dismantle racism.






 


who is suzanne dworak-peck?learn about the life and career of the woman affectionately known as the “social worker’s social worker.”












how can i learn more about the msw?







 



attend an info session








 



meet with a student ambassador








 



paying for graduate school







 



request more info














 



our heroes in social work

danny hang, msw ’11, the son of refugees from the vietnam war, won his first election to public office as a member of the west hollywood city council. his inspiration to mount a political campaign began with his educational experience at the usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work.











usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work



the suzanne dworak-peck school of social work champions social justice for the well-being of individuals, families, and communities through innovative teaching of evidence-based practice and practice-based skills, pioneering transformative research, and cultivating leadership for social change.







drive meaningful change with your msw





ready to chart a new path forward? view steps to apply or start your application to our world class msw today.






          how to apply
    

          apply now
    












usc suzanne dworak-peck









facebook









twitter







youtube









linkedin









pinterest









instagram










print















      why usc?
    

      academic calendar
    

      career
    

      notice of non-discrimination
    

      digital accessibility
    



      centers and affiliations
    

      alumni
    

      give
    

      contact us
    


 







© 2025 university of southern california suzanne dworak-peck school of social work


































