

home | conroe isd



















































































skip to contentconroe isd - exploreschool directorytranslatesearch siteskip gallery your browser does not support videos. end of galleryaboutparents/studentsemployeescareerstransportationcompliance



cisd involvement
our programs

conroe isd is a community of individuals working together to achieve the best for students. the district is proud of the accomplishments of the students, teachers, and administrators who have helped make it a great place to be!

see all our programs







fine arts
conroe isd offers art, choir, marching band, orchestra, mariachi, color guard, and more!






athletics
all six conroe isd high schools compete in class 6a.






career & technical education (cte)
conroe isd offers 26 specialized cte programs, including agricultural technology, automotive & collision repair, cosmetology, culinary arts, and welding.






bilingual
our bilingual and english as a second language (esl) programming has several options for families who do not primarily speak english at home.






gifted & talented
gifted and talented programs provide unique challenges and opportunities for advanced learners




previous slide


next slide




see all our programs








conroe isd...a great place to be!
my cisd story


conroe isd is a community of individuals working together to achieve the best for students. the district is proud of the students, teachers, and administrators whose accomplishments are making a difference in montgomery county and beyond! 











zach berger


college park high school alumnus


view video






brandy walker


conroe isd police department


view video






clifton mcneely


statistics teacher/head basketball coach, college park high school


view video






dee dee norris


bus driver


view video






cuneeda freeman


district special education facilitator


view video






connie aguilar


custodial department, assistant coordinator


view video



previous slide


next slide




































download our mobile app!




the first place students, parents and teachers look for information is their smartphones. our school app make it easy for you to access essential information like events, lunch menus, homework and more.







contact cisd3205 w. davisconroe, tx 77304phone: (936) 709-7752fax: (936) 709-9787aboutboard of trusteessuperintendentdepartmentseducation foundationresourcesparent & student resourcesstudent support servicesenrollment & transferssafety informationhelpcontact ushelp deskcommunicationsstay connectedabout conroe independent school districtaboutdistrict leadershiplegaltransparencythe conroe independent school district (district) is an equal opportunity educational provider and employer does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, or disability in educational programs or activities that it operates or in employment matters. the district is required by title vi and title vii of the civil rights act of 1964, as amended, title ix of the education amendments of 1972, the age discrimination act of 1975, as amended, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, the americans with disabilities act, as well as board policy not to discriminate in such a manner. for information about title ix rights or section 504/ada rights, contact the title ix coordinator or the section 504/ada coordinator.conroe isd accessibility statementin accordance with education code 37.105 and district’s code of conduct, the district has the right to refuse entry to or eject a person from property under the district's control if the person refuses to leave peaceably upon request. please see conroe isd - code of conduct.copyright © 2025 conroe isd. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more








