






ny masons | the grand lodge of the state of new york
































































our grand lodge

our grand lodge
museum artifacts
take a tour
grand lodge officers
past grand masters


lodges

new york lodges
lodges of research
district grand lodge of syria-lebanon


faq
youth
philanthropy

donate to the brotherhood fund


member center

member resources
grand master’s page
grand secretary’s page
grand lecturer’s page
committees, programs, & initiatives
lodge of excellence
observant masonry
educational assistance program
educational funding resource guide
awards
store


calendars

grand master’s calendar
deputy grand master’s calendar
senior grand warden’s calendar
junior grand warden’s calendar
grand treasurer’s calendar
grand lecturer’s calendar


contact us












becoming a mason



 












where men build

meaning








welcome to the

grand lodge of free and accepted masons of the state of new york











become a mason



take a tour









masons by choice.brothers for life.

the grand lodge of the free and accepted masons of new york state brings men of integrity together in brotherhood. our common bond is the shared belief that every man can—and should—step into his best self and make a difference in the lives of others. we are not a charity, but, as an organization of righteous men, we are highly charitable.

see our philanthropy programs







as freemasons, we believe in:








brotherly love
fraternity is our backbone and our lifeline. we sustain each other with unwavering support, push each other toward excellence, and embrace our many differences.








relief
we seek growth as individuals and as brothers. acts of charity, community service, and good deeds are expressions of our love for humanity and a path to self-improvement.








truth
wisdom is a precursor to excellence. we openly exchange ideas to gain the knowledge we need to be better leaders, community members, and countrymen.











global reach.local impact. 

the grand lodge of free and accepted masons of the state of new york belongs to the global network of freemasons—the largest and oldest fraternal order in the world. we are the administrative body that oversees more than 500 masonic lodges across new york state. every state in the u.s., the district of columbia, and many countries around the world have their own sovereign and independent grand lodge that presides over freemasonry in their respective jurisdiction.

learn more



 













contact

grand lodge of the state of new york71 west 23rd streetnew york, ny 10010
800.362.7664



followfollow





©2025 new york masons. all rights reserved.



privacy policy   |   terms & conditions



 





























