































university of cambridge

























skip to main content

















search


 menu











 close


undergraduate study
postgraduate study
alumni
business and enterprise
cambridge students
news
jobs
research
colleges and departments
staff pages
contact cambridge
about the university
 







 



















fast track to success


chris is one of eight masters in motorsport scholars who were awarded the scholarship from the royal academy of engineering and sir lewis hamilton's charity mission 44.














    undergraduate study


    postgraduate study








courses 

how to apply 

how to choose a college 

international students 

term dates 

visit us 







courses 

funding 

how to apply 

fees 

international students 

virtual tour 











undergraduate


                learn more  about undergraduate study 


              find your  undergraduate course
              





postgraduate


                learn more  about postgraduate study 


                find your  postgraduate course
            









our world-leading researchers are exploring how ai can benefit society.


video of our world-leading researchers are exploring how ai can benefit society.












why cambridge?
find out why studying at cambridge is for you










how to apply
step-by-step guidance on the applications process

undergraduate study
postgraduate study
 
 
 
















libraries


















museums


















research


















business and enterprise


















alumni


















sport






 





news
updates from across the university





 










     news -     the biodiversity benefits of nature-friendly solar farms

    according to new cambridge and rspb research, birds across eastern england's arable landscapes are thriving on solar farms managed with nature in mind.










     news -     the queer men of h staircase 

    queer cambridge by prof simon goldhill, published by cambridge university press, explores the hidden and not-so-hidden stories of famous fellows of king's college.










     news -     blood test to help detect dementia and identify effective treatments

    cambridge researcher dr maura malpetti aims to unlock new dementia treatments with a nationwide blood test trial and eventually stop its progression.







see more news 

 





events
concerts, lectures, sports events, and more





 










     admissions -     subject masterclasses: until thursday 15 may 

    explore your chosen subject in greater depth while experiencing typical undergraduate teaching at cambridge with our subject masterclasses.










     sport -     the varsity matches: saturday 8 march

    stonex stadium is set to host the oxford vs cambridge varsity matches - women's ko at 12pm and men's ko at 3pm. discounted tickets for students.










     admissions -     discover cambridge: monday 17 to friday 21 march

    join us for this series of lunchtime webinars exploring the practicalities of applying for postgraduate study at cambridge.

 




see more events 

 




student perspectives


pov: attend a cambridge foundation year interview


video of pov: attend a cambridge foundation year interview



 
    history student ami resits a foundation year interview to give applicants an idea of what to expect. the course is a stepping stone to undergraduate study in the arts, humanities and social sciences at cambridge.


youtube







cambridge on instagram








    the jerwood library, trinity hall, at night. find out how to submit your own photo for the cambridge bookshop's charity calendar. see more of cambridge's places and people by following us on instagram.


instagram







 





follow us





 





facebook






instagram






linkedin






tik tok






twitter






youtube





 




 
 





university of cambridge


 © 2025 university of cambridge
contact the university
accessibility statement
freedom of information
privacy policy and cookies
statement on modern slavery
terms and conditions
university a-z
 



study at cambridge
undergraduate
postgraduate
continuing education
executive and professional education
courses in education
 



about the university
how the university and colleges work
give to cambridge
jobs
maps
visiting the university
cambridge university press & assessment
 



research at cambridge
research news
about research at cambridge
public engagement
spotlight on...
 


 
 


