




 






home - congregation shaarey zedek











































congregation shaarey zedek








 

 













 



 







(517) 351-3570



patty@shaareyzedek.com




facebook











 

 






menu

home
about us

mission and history
staff
clergy
contact us


sisterhood
worship
community

membership
bulletin
youth groups
social justice
federation
pj library
tzedakah


learning

religious school
adult education
early childhood

tot shabbat
pj library




 









we welcome you! 

 









read our bulletin newsletter!





























 




welcome to congregation shaarey zedekcongregation shaarey zedek is committed to helping everyone live a full jewish life, no matter the makeup of your familial unit. we warmly welcome singles, interfaith couples, those in the lgbtq community, and their respective family members as well. as rabbi bigman puts it, “we may come from different backgrounds but here we are a mishpachah, a family.”   

 















meet our staff! 
















 





                        rabbi amy bigman                    


            rabbibigman@shaareyzedek.com        












                                    v collins                            

            operations manager 
vcr@shaareyzedek.com        




 





 





                        margot b. valles                    


            director of congregational lifelong learning
menahelet.margot@shaareyzedek.com        




 





 





                        patty warshaw                    


            temple administrator 
patty@shaareyzedek.com        




 









                                    joanne r. gilbert                            

            president 
gilbert@alma.edu        




 





















                    watch our services!            















                                                            live stream services                







 

 




 



























 


members 





                                                login                                        





 


religious school 





                                                learn more                                        





 


support shaarey zedek 





                                                donate                                        







 











from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

racial equity, diversity, & inclusion (redi) communities of belonging

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


      experiencing a divorce? you are not aloneexperiencing a divorce? you are not alone
jemerman
january 17, 2025

divorce

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              starting from the torah we see that divorce is acceptable in judaism, that not all marriages are meant to last, and that one or both individuals in the couple have their reasons.


      unlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrasesunlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrases
jemerman
january 17, 2025

jewish life around the world

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              growing up in seattle, i was fortunate to be surrounded by the city's vibrant sephardi jewish community. seattle, with its large sephardi population, was the perfect place to grow up immersed in the language and flavors of this unique jewish culture.


       





contact info patty@shaareyzedek.com congregation shaarey zedek1924 coolidge roadeast lansing, mi 48823phone: 517-351-3570fax: 517-351-5909 
 

   
 

yom rishon, 18 shevat 5785 




					© 2025 urj
				














 
 












