






phoenix contracting

























































































© copyright 2008 phoenix contracting. all rights reserved.  no commercial reproduction, adaptation, distribution or transmission of any part or 
parts of this website or any information contained therein by any means whatsoever is permitted without the prior written permission of 
phoenix contracting. prices and features subject to change without notice.


named after the mythical bird of fire and rebirth, phoenix contracting 
is available for all of your design/build needs.






welcome
design/build services
phoenix contracting is a design-build firm building since 1966 specializing in turn-key 
crane buildings that streamline the occupant’s set-up process. each building is custom 
designed to meet the customer’s specific needs. we’ll guide you through the design with 
advice on cost savings and productivity without racking up high design fees. although we 
use many construction types, this precast building is superb in energy-efficiency, 
durability, and is virtually maintenance free. after the design-build of millions of square 
feet, we’re proud to have an excellent reputation of high quality, exceeding expectations 
and being on-time and under budget. named one of the top 20 builders in michigan, let 
us put our experience to work for you in the design-build of your next facility.



commercial services
the experiences of remodeling, 
designing, then building additions 
and, finally, custom designing an 
industrial park, gave birth to the 
current phoenix as it exists today. 










586.949.4670





phoenix contracting


design by mis



















































phoenix contracting


named after the mythical bird of fire and 
rebirth, phoenix contracting is available for 
all of your design/build needs.






welcome
design/build services
phoenix contracting is a design-build firm building since 1966 
specializing in turn-key crane buildings that streamline the 
occupant’s set-up process. each building is custom designed to 
meet the customer’s specific needs. we’ll guide you through the 
design with advice on cost savings and productivity without racking 
up high design fees. although we use many construction types, this 
precast building is superb in energy-efficiency, durability, and is 
virtually maintenance free. after the design-build of millions of 
square feet, we’re proud to have an excellent reputation of high 
quality, exceeding expectations and being on-time and under 
budget. named one of the top 20 builders in michigan, let us put 
our experience to work for you in the design-build of your next 
facility.



commercial services
the experiences of remodeling, designing, 
then building additions and, finally, custom 
designing an industrial park, gave birth to the 
current phoenix as it exists today. 










© copyright 2008 phoenix contracting. all rights reserved.  no commercial 
reproduction, adaptation, distribution or transmission of any part or parts of this 
website or any information contained therein by any means whatsoever is permitted 
without the prior written permission of phoenix contracting. 


586.949.4670


design by mis




















home

services

space for lease

portfolio

contact




















