



college of engineering, carnegie mellon university




















































skip to navigation skip to content





 



research
education
industry & innovation
about the college
student life


    menu 

carnegie mellon + engineering













research
education
industry & innovation
about the college
student life


news
events
contact
for faculty & staff
directory
site map






search


search




popular searches


master’s of ai engineering


engineering magazine


graduate programs


manufacturing futures institute


student organizations


rethink the rink





social media


@cmuengineering


cmuengineering


college of engineering


cmuengineering


cmuengineering


rss feed


















carnegie mellon + engineering





about us


focusing on innovative, interdisciplinary, and global education and research,the college of engineering is well-known for working on problems of both scientific and practical importance. our acclaimed faculty focus on transformative results that will drive the intellectual and economic vitality of our community, nation and world. our “maker” culture is ingrained in all that we do, leading to novel approaches and unprecedented results.




global impact


contact us


make a gift























feb 14


foosball and ferraris forever







  




recent news





feb 11






artificial intelligence
slashing ai data center cooling cost, gpu/cpu power use
novel thermal interface material cools chips better than existing state-of-the-art solutions.








feb 7






energy & environment
accelerating green steel 
in an annual gathering at cmu, global decarbonization leaders worked toward tackling the challenge of decarbonizing steel production while meeting increasing world-wide demand. 








feb 5






news & events
insights on limits of non-invasive deep-brain stimulation
carnegie mellon university researchers unveil groundbreaking insights into the mechanisms and limitations of temporal interference stimulation for non-invasive neurostimulation.






browse recent news










if you’d like to write about our research or inquire about partnerships, please contact us.







the most complex problems. the most diverse experts.




 advanced collaboration® is how the college of engineering solves the world’s greatest problems.







the college of engineering is now offering online graduate certificates.
the graduate certificate in ai engineering fundamentals - mechanical engineering prepares mechanical engineers to solve problems with artificial intelligence and design next-generation solutions for today’s industries.
physicians, biomedical engineers, and other medical professionals can learn the fundamentals of 3d bioprinting tissues and organs from cmu researchers who are pioneering these innovative medical techniques with the graduate certificate in 3d bioprinting & biofabrication.
in the ai engineering for digital twins & analytics graduate certificate, engineers in senior engineering, design, and managerial roles can learn how to build a strong business case for using digital twins and gain the skills to lead the implementation of this cutting-edge technology in their organization.






our programs













featured program
carnegie mellon university africa
prepare to be a technology manager and innovator through a multidisciplinary curriculum with a special emphasis on emerging ict innovations and applications in africa.  














featured program
biomedical engineering
collaborate across engineering disciplines and with cutting-edge medical facilities in pittsburgh for a strong foundation in both biomedicine and traditional engineering.















featured program
chemical engineering
explore chemical and process systems engineering research and computing in one of the oldest chemical engineering programs in the country. 















featured program
civil & environmental engineering
gain hands-on experience, explore personal passions, and devise imaginative solutions to global challenges of climate change, energy efficiency, and more in environments both natural and constructed.















featured program
electrical & computer engineering
study electrical and computer sciences with an emphasis on entrepreneurship, maker culture, and a practical, conscientious application of knowledge.














featured program
engineering & public policy
prepare yourself for a career in any engineering discipline, fortified with the robust understanding of the economical, social, historical, and political factors that affect it.














featured program
information networking institute
develop technical, interdisciplinary skills in information networking, security, and mobile and iot engineering while incorporating business and policy perspectives.















featured program
integrated innovation institute
synthesize the primary disciplines in product and service innovation, including functional performance (engineering), human interface (design), and economic value (business) while focusing on innovation methods and practice.















featured program
materials science & engineering
discover the unique behaviors, properties, and development of new materials, and learn how to use this knowledge to solve real-world technical challenges.















featured program
mechanical engineering
tackle complex and innovative problem-solving while studying robots, materials, molecules, and machines, from design to manufacturing to everyday use.















featured program
carnegie mellon university silicon valley
combine the rich heritage and resources of carnegie mellon’s pittsburgh campus with the opportunities of the dynamic silicon valley business environment with programs designed to innovate in research and support entrepreneurs.







for screen resolutions 1200px or higher, when moving forward, the carousel moves forward 1 program using the tab key and 2 programs if using the forward arrow key



events




february 26 2025
11:00 am - 12:00 pm et


cmu librariescmu libraries workshop: advanced research note-taking with obsidian


sorrells library den, wean hall fourth floor


register 
            		                		 for cmu libraries workshop: advanced research note-taking with obsidian (opens in new window)








march 12 2025
3:30 pm et


center for faculty successmilestone moments with mark bedillion


scott hall 5201






march 25-27 2025


scott institute for energy innovationcmu energy week 2025





learn more 
            		                		 about cmu energy week 2025 (opens in new window)








april 9 2025
3:30 pm et


center for faculty successmilestone moments with rahul panat


singleton room, roberts hall


















contact
make a gift
for faculty & staff
about us
directory




carnegie mellon university college of engineering
5000 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213

 ©2025 carnegie mellon university legal


“do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” andrew carnegie


“as engineers, we were going to be in a position to change the world — not just study it.” henry petroski


“imagination is more important than knowledge. knowledge is limited. imagination encircles the world.” albert einstein


“enlightenments, like accidents, happen only to prepared minds.” herbert a. simon


“an investment in knowledge pays the best interest.” ben franklin


“there is very little success where there is little laughter.” andrew carnegie


“i think great artists and great engineers are similar, in that they both have a desire to express themselves. ” steve jobs


“we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. ” will durant


“i hear and i forget. i see and i remember. i do and i understand” chinese proverb


“education is the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world.” nelson mandela


“design is not just what it looks like and feels like. design is how it works.” steve jobs


“there's nothing i believe in more strongly than getting young people interested in science and engineering, for a better tomorrow, for all humankind.” bill nye


“at the heart of science is an essential balance between two seemingly contradictory attitudes—an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny of all ideas, old and new.” carl sagan


“creativity...involves the power to originate, to break away from the existing ways of looking at things, to move freely in the realm of imagination, to create and recreate worlds fully in one's mind—while supervising all this with a critical inner eye.” oliver sacks


“i just believe that the way that young people's minds develop is fascinating. if you are doing something for a grade or salary or a reward, it doesn't have as much meaning as creating something for yourself and your own life.” steve wozniak





























close

hi 👋, are you a prospective student? let the student ai assistant answer your questions!


mode_comment
close



student ai assistant
close



robot_2

hello! 👋 i'm your friendly ai assistant here to help. while i'm not human, i can help you find information about programs, admissions, campus life, and more!
how can i assist you today?





send








social media



































