










research and recipes on osteoporosis, heart disease, cancer, dementia and healing
broken bones


foodandlife.com
presents
anti-aging foods
 
foods and life styles that help prevent/reverse 
osteoporosis, 
heart disease, 
cancer,
and dementia (alzheimer's), 
and help to heal broken bones
and prevent kidney stones.
be sure to bookmark this new address www.foodandlife.com. it is updated
frequently. 
last updated 2/11/16
 
if you suffer from, or are interested in reducing
your (or another person's) chances of suffering from osteoporosis, heart disease,
dementia, stroke, kidney stones or cancer, or if you are looking to help heal broken bones
or you are just looking for an anti-aging diet, this material is for you.  the
website has the information and recipes you need for creating you own osteoporosis diet,
healthy heart diet, anti cancer diet, and prevention of dementia diet.

new award 

award of excellence:diet for combating alzheimer's disease
  
food and life. com has received another much appreciated
award.  the awesome library  http://www.awesomelibrary.org/alzheimer.html

has selected www.foodandlife.com as: 
"one of the best educational resources on
the web by studysphere."
studysphere http://www.studysphere.com
is one of the internet's fastest growing sites of educational resources for students,
teachers and parents. studysphere has scoured the internet to select only the finest sites
to be included within its listing of educational links. we are very proud of this link and
award.
also if you visit awesomelibrary you will find a
fantastic source of information!!



this site has just been named site of the month
by gaia's garden health magazine, a large 1,400,000+ visitor health site!  
if you would like, you can visit the award page
in gaia's garden health magazine at

"http://users.ids.net/~gaia11/catscan.html
just click on enter, and click on award winner.
  and while you're there, look around gaia's garden, it's a great site! 
this site also just received the coveted web
select award from david lawrence dewey.  david is a very savvy columnist and writer.
  his food for thought column is read in over 45 countries, and carried in
over 125 newspapers in the u.s.  david said "rosemary, you certainly have proven
my point that i have mentioned in many columns, you are what you eat, you are as sick as
what you eat."  we really appreciate david's insight and expertise and proudly
display his award.


http://www.dldewey.com
visit the internationally renowned
author and syndicated columnists david lawrence dewey's site for news and columns on
important issues.  (see the resources sections of this web site for more details on
david's site, latest book and charities! it's a great site!)
 

frank severa's useful url named this site the
pick of the week.  we are so proud.    you can visit frank's site at http://home.pacbell.net/fsevera/ he has many other very
useful url to visit there.

the july 1998 issue of yahoo internet life has
featured this site on page 97 of it's 

the section says "amidst all the hoopla, some
ordinary people are doing extraordinary things on line. we hear over-inflated hype
about the internet every day, most of which hasn't a chance of coming true, and wouldn't
be much use even if it did. but that doesn't change the fact that every day people are
using the net to connect in ways that were never possible before. in that spirit, every
month we bring you touched by the net, a salute those who are using the web to make a
difference, to help others, or just to reach out to their fellow humans."  the
review is by lisa napoli and she writes:
"promoting a lifesaving diet

battling her husband's heart disease meant a reorganization of rosemary fisher's kitchen.
she helped him control the threat by changing the family diet. then she fought a severe
medical problem of her own--osteoporosis--with a combination of recipes. the 79-year-old
nutritionist from rochester, new york (left), has written four books about healthy eating,
and she donates all the proceeds to charity. now she's got a web site, too. "i just
want to share what i have learned and experienced with others so they have the same chance
i did for increased health and happiness," she says."
visit yahoo internet life at http:www.yil.com

foodandlife.com is a
recommended pick on underwire  


underwire is a biweekly e-zine
for women. the magazine includes essays, humor and expert advice on issues such as health,
family and relationships. it is a fantastic source of information and humor.  you can
visit it at http://underwire.msn.com/  

be sure to read rosemary's latest
column on "how foods impact our health" at  the long term care  web
site.  her article is just below the interview with hillary clinton. also read
the martin k. baynes (mr. long term care) review of rosemary's latest book, research
and recipes on dementia, heart disease, osteoporosis and cancer.  while you
are there, look around the site.  it's a fantastic source of information and help,
and martin is a real inspiration!  you can visit this site at http://www.mrltc.com

 
 
 
 
 
the incredible internets guide to
diets and nutrition has featured this site in its just published book.  you can visit
the site at http://www.brbpub.com/special/diet


rosemary c. fisher at 92
story - how rosemary fisher was able to reverse
    osteoporosis, heart, and alzheimer's. review the rcfisher story . 



books - these books
    summarize over 200 medical research studies, and provide over 200 recipes applying those
    studies. they are yours to discover and use in her four books & 200 low fat recipes. 
lectures - rosemary has
    presented a number of lectures on her story, research and recipes to groups across the world. for information on
    her availability contact her at rcfisher@rpa.net she
    donates 100% all fees to charity, linked to the group she speak too. 
links - some useful links
    to other web resources
on nutrition for preventing osteoporosis, heart disease, cancer and
    alzheimer's. 

best experienced with

click here to start.


 
current research summaries  
 osteoporosis: current nutritional research on 
  how common is osteoporosis?
  vitamin d and osteoporosis
  how foods high in lysine help increase bone density
  dexa test to determine if you have osteoporosis
  is there a link between heart disease and osteoporosis?
  can men reverse their osteoporosis?
  which is best, diet or calcium supplements?
  boron's role in preventing osteoporosis and arthritis
  high protein diets link to bone loss
 
 research on foods for preventing or reversing osteoporosis 
  some foods to consider eating more often 
  foods to consider avoiding
 
 heart disease: current nutritional research 
use low fat milk to reduce your saturated fats
foods to improve your homocysteine levels 
sugar and its role in heart disease
sugar and its role in increasing blood pressure and blood fats
apples as a tool for raising your good hdl cholesterol and reducing bad
    ldl cholesterol
oatmeal as a low sodium vitamin backed breakfast food
cooked tomatoes and tomato sauce for reducing heart disease
watch for the fats to restrict, all fats are not bad
nuts may lower the risk of dying from heart disease
broccoli sprouts are a safe way to get beta carotene, for those on heart
    medication
aortic valve thickening and risk for heart attack or stroke
 




 research on foods for preventing or reversing heart disease 
some foods to consider eating more often 
foods to consider avoiding
 
 cancer: current nutritional research   
how much can we reduce our risks of getting cancer
flaxseed as a means of reducing breast cancer risk 
fats, sugar and sodium and cancer
orange juice and cancer
pumpkin and cancer
fruits and vegetables and cancer
soy foods and cancer
milk and cancer
vitamin a, beta carotene and cancer
beta carotene and prostate cancer
garlic and prostate cancer
green tea and cancer
sprouts have 20 times more by weight of the chemical sulforaphane for
    fighting tumors
fish oil and cancer
tomatoes and cancer  
 
 research on foods for cancer prevention 
some foods to consider eating more often 
foods to consider avoiding
 
 dementia (alzheimer's):current nutritional research   
reducing calorie and carbohydrate intake may affect alzheimer’s
    disease risk   
in a major study vitamin c and e cut alzheimer's risk by 64% 




diet rich in foods with vitamin e may reduce alzheimer's disease risk 
low cholesterol & low blood pressure's impact on preventing dementia
thiamine and alzheimer's
magnesium and brain functioning
vitamins and alzheimer's
physical fitness and mental functioning 
homocysteine, folic acid, b12 and alzheimer's 
cholesterol: a clue to alzheimer's?
vitamin e and vitamin c supplements have a "significant protective
    effect" against memory 
    problems and loss of mental alertness
research on foods for helping prevent dementia
    (alzheimer')
some foods to consider eating more often 
foods to consider avoiding
 
research on foods for helping prevent kidney
    stones  
foods to consider avoiding
some foods to consider eating more often 
 
 healing broken bones: current nutritional research 
nutrition's role in increasing the speed of bone healing 
high calcium foods for bone healing
lysine to increase calcium absorption
vitamin c as a bone healer
how aspirin and anti inflammatory drugs can retard bone healing
vitamin k to promote bone healing
smoking slows the healing of bones
avoid bone robbers
boron's role in bone healing 
the role of silica and zinc
simple comfort tips
 
 research on foods for helping to heal broken bones  
some foods to consider eating more often 
foods to consider avoiding
 
 nutritional research of additional interest
beta carotene and aging
antioxidants vitamins and cataracts
if you have problems in using this page or any suggestions for this web
    page, please email them to webmaster@rpa.net 
see additional research summaries and recipes from rosemary's 4
    books   books-low fat recipes.
 



if you would like to review summaries of over 200
    medical research studies, on how nutrition can help prevent or reverse osteoporosis, heart
    disease, cancer and dementia, and have over 200 recipes based on those studies call warren
    h. green, inc., publisher, at 1-800- 537-0655 or smail or fax the order form. order form 

 


more information (for members of the press): 



a press release kit is available here
    (2.9m pdf format file).

this site was awarded ravi's elite site award for "its
    uniqueness and its ability to stand out among the rest of the web sites in its
    category."  ravi's award has been featured in the wall street journal and is
    only given to a very small number of web sites.  the foodandlife.com search engine
use this to search this site for the specific information you are looking for
search for: 



visitors since inception  vitamin d
all information is provided for educational use only.
      always seek the advice of a professional health care provider.the page is constantly updated, so visit often for
    additional research summaries and recipes.  
this website was last revised on february
    11, 2016
 
be sure to review the sample content and recipes from rosemary's
    books by clicking on the book page 
if you would like to contact rosemary, you can
    e-mail her at rcfisher@rpa.net 
 
this page is a family effort, and rosemary
    wishes to offer special thanks!
the original idea for developing a homepage, and its original
    design, was made possible though the generosity of members of rosemary's extended
    family,  dr. paul and betty lee and rosemary's grandchildren christina and paulina
    lee.
the new easy to used and to remember address foodandlife.com has
    also been made possible through the generosity of members of rosemary's extended family,
    don and cathy dea and rosemary's grandchildren erin and alex dea.  they also cover
    the cost of hosting this site.
assistance in the ongoing maintenance and publicizing of the
    page is made possible by rosemary's son and daughter-in-law jerry fisher and joyce dehaan.
rosemary and all who benefit from this page thank them for all
    their time, money and effort.

if you have problems in using this page or any suggestions for this web
    page, please email them to jfisher@rochester.rr.com
 
healthy eating site index 
this index provides a list of further research summaries and recipes on some of the
    many ways foods can help prevent or reverse specific conditions. just click on the ones
    that are of interest to you.
(home)  (description of books for prevention of osteoporosis, heart disease, cancer
    and dementia) (low fat recipes) (research studies on osteoporosis, cancer, heart disease, and
    dementia from the books) (nutritional research on
    osteoporosis prevention)  (foods to eat or avoid to help
    prevent or reverse osteoporosis) (nutritional research on cancer)
    (foods to eat or avoid to help prevent or reverse cancer)  (nutritional research on alzheimer's prevention) (foods to eat or avoid to help prevent or reverse alzheimer's) (nutritional research on overcoming heart disease) (foods that speed healing of broken bones) (foods to help prevent or reverse heart disease)  (research on foods to eat or avoid for helping to prevent kidney stones)
(research on foods for helping to heal broken
    bones) (rosemary's story)  (rosemary's
    talks)  (links other nutrition research resources on
    the net) (order form for books on preventing or reversing
    osteoporosis, heart disease, cancer and dementia )
rosemary c. fisher.
    copyright â© 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009,
    2010, 2011, 2012, 2013,2014.2015, 2016 [foodandlife.com]. all rights reserved.
    .


 


