








kentucky author forum – great conversations created in louisville and heard nationwide.
















































about
past guests
tickets
gallery
great podversations
contact
search




menu


menu

instagramlinkedinfacebook 














monday, april 14, 2025
at the kentucky center 
							
an evening with colm tóibín 
							u.s. representative jamie raskin, author of unthinkable: trauma, truth, and the trials of american democracy, and dr. fiona hill, author of there is nothing for you here: finding opportunity in the twenty-first century. congressman john yarmuth serves as master of ceremonies. 
							tickets on sale now! 
							

 




kaf 
							
kentuckyauthor forum 
							
carefully matching an author and interviewer for an hour-long candid conversation before a live audience at the kentucky center in louisville.  
							airs as "great conversations" on pbs member stations across the country 
							see our authors over the years 
							nationally-recognized 
							follow us 
							+facebook 
							+twitter 
							

 




kaf 
							
kentucky author forum 
							
great podversations is an interview podcast featuring nationally-recognized writers in the kind of thoughtful and candid conversations you have come to expect from kentucky author forum. guest writers will discuss literature, politics, history, economics, science, and culture. robert siegel, former host of npr's all things considered, will introduce these authors and experts at the start of each episode.  
							listen to great podversations 
							nationally-recognized 
							follow us 
							+facebook 
							+twitter 
							

 







photo  gallery


page 1 of 9123›»


view more

more about kaf


the university of louisville kentucky author forum is a non-profit, nationally-recognized literary event. author forum programs carefully match an author and interviewer; their hour-long candid conversation takes place before a live audience at the kentucky center in louisville.
the event is recorded and distributed by ket, kentucky educational television, and airs as the series great conversations on pbs member stations across the country and is available to stream from ket’s website.
lpm, louisville public media, distributes kaf’s podcast, great podversations, which are available to download on all major podcast apps.

join our email list

name*email*


 















  
kentucky author forum sponsors













kentucky author forum partners















great conversations and great podversations created in louisville and heard nationwide.

  


© copyright - kentucky author forum | privacy policy






scroll to top


























