




oak ridge institute for science and education (orise)







































skip to main content





an official website of the united states government
here’s how you know

here’s how you know





official websites use .gova .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.




secure .gov websites use httpsa lock (
lock
locked padlock icon  ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.










oak ridge institute for science and education

menu




close





about






orise is a u.s. department of energy asset that is dedicated to enabling critical scientific, research, and health initiatives of the department and its laboratory system.




about orise


our values


orise history


contracts & procurement







capabilities






learn more about orise and how we're supporting doe and other federal agencies' missions to strengthen the nation's science education and research initiatives.




stem internships and fellowships


undergraduates


graduates


recent graduates


postdocs


faculty


internship and fellowship programs managed by orise


professional development resources


why orise?


stem connections blog




k-12 stem education


k-12 teachers


k-12 students


stem workforce development


program administration


spp sponsor information


workforce studies


scientific peer review


peer review process


peer review technologies


environmental assessments


independent verification surveys


site assessments




radiation emergency assistance center/training site


continuing medical education


radiation medical management


cytogenetic biodosimetry laboratory


radiation emergency medical resources


health studies


beryllium exposure testing 


human subjects research


worker health data center


epidemiologic research







news






browse current and archived news releases, learn more about research being conducted by orise research participants, hear from our orise subject matter experts, connect with our social media channels, and more!




news


news features


orise featurecast


orise in the news







people






meet some of the orise research program participants, their mentors, and orise staff whose expertise is supporting our nation's science and technology missions.






stem success stories


community impact leaders program


staff news










careers


contact


events


search
search this sitesearch















oak ridge institute for science and education (orise)
shaping the future of science




explore

stem internships and fellowships
k-12 stem lesson plans
radiation emergency medical resources










spotlight





k-12 student and teachers! applications are now open for jsti







the joint science and technology institute (jsti) is an all-expenses-paid residential stem research experience for middle and high school students and high school teachers in maryland or new mexico. join us to participate in a hands-on research project mentored by scientists while living on campus at a university! you will gain research experience and problem solving skills while learning about stem careers and meeting new people.
apply now for jsti!


read more about the program






chelsea gibson, ph.d., relishes role in supporting stem workforce development







chelsea gibson, ph.d., an associate manager for orise stem workforce development, leads a team that administers the orise fda research participation programs. in addition, chelsea helps develop and execute professional development opportunities for orise interns and fellows. she holds a doctoral degree in neuroscience from vanderbilt university. get to know chelsea in this orise staff spotlight q&a!


read the q&a










epa fellow researches pfas toxicity levels in migratory fish populations







izak hill is an orise fellow with the u.s. environmental protection agency’s (epa) atlantic coastal environmental sciences division (acesd). his fellowship focuses on the growing environmental concern of pfas and their accumulation in wildlife fish species.


read the success story






taking a leap of faith: a conversation with meagan roberts, mph, former nnsa msiip participant







meagan roberts, mph, took a leap of faith to move from middle tennessee to washington, d.c., to participate in the national nuclear security administration minority serving institutions internship program. roberts talk to orise featurecast host matthew underwood about the decision to pursue an orise appointment, managing imposter syndrome, leaning into her passion for health and public health, and being open to new opportunities. roberts also talks about what it is in life that brings her joy.


listen to the featurecast episode








orise news



february student challenge: can i be the teacher now?

is there a topic in your school that has not been covered that you would like to learn about? orise wants you to teach it! we are asking that you create an original activity to teach your topic, and then make a 2–3-minute video pretending like you are teaching the activity to your classmates. it must be a stem topic of your choosing that has not been covered in your school. make sure you explain how you designed your activity in your video!




heart of stem lesson plan competition

teachers! the orise wants to see how you show the heart of stem in your classroom by sharing your lesson plans about teaching empathy and compassion in stem topics/fields. teachers of any grade level or subject are invited to submit a unique stem lesson plan that incorporates teaching empathy and compassion in any stem topics/fields. three teachers who submit lesson plans will be selected to receive the following prizes!




february self care social media contest

teachers! you spend so much of your time caring and working for others, but now, it’s time to think about how you care for yourself! throughout the month of february, we want to know your favorite self-care activities.











return to top



want to learn more about orise?

quality

safety
environment

the oak ridge institute for science and education is managed by orau for the u.s. department of energy (doe)



orise capability sections




oak ridge institute for science and education





stem internships and fellowships


stem workforce development


k-12 stem education programs


health studies


radiation emergency assistance center/training site


scientific peer review


environmental assessments









u.s. department of energy



facebook



instagram



linkedin



x





oak ridge associated universities







privacy/security statement




contract acknowledgement




accessibility statement











close







