








collage rehabilitation partners

















































1-800-847-3633
contact us
make a referral















who we are

executive leadership
clinical leadership
accreditations & affiliations
news & information
our partners
mission, vision, and values


what we do

neurobehavioral rehabilitation
post-acute neurorehabilitation
supported living
day treatment
collage home & community rehabilitation
collage nursing & homecare partners


where we are

alabama
california
colorado
georgia
louisiana
maryland
new jersey
north carolina
pennsylvania
south carolina
texas
utah
virginia


 




how to refer

funding sources


work here

careers in al
careers in ca
careers in co
careers in ga
careers in la
careers in md
careers in nc
careers in nj
careers in pa
careers in sc
careers in tx
careers in ut
careers in va


resources

faqs
outcomes
blog
family care map
community resources


 
























moving lives forwardone day, one step, one person at a time




























at collage rehabilitation partners, we are moving lives forward one step, one day, and one person at a time. our national continuum, one of the largest in the country, is creative, inventive, and thrives on finding solutions for the complex challenges we face every day.
						
					we are the recognized experts for treating highly complex, post-acute neurorehabilitation and neurobehavioral cases. we believe in data-driven programming that designs effective and actionable treatment plans, tracks progress, and delivers clinical results for the people we serve and their stakeholders.
our continuum of care is accessible and meets the individual where they are in their recovery. with locations in 12 states across the country, there are multiple options for clients to move through our continuum of care from one program to another, both within and across states, in a highly efficient manner.  our highly specialized residential neurobehavioral programs address the most challenging behaviors that prevent clients from engaging in the recovery process. these five programs are strategically placed throughout the country, allowing regional access and a transition closer to home as behaviors resolve.






















locations
careers
vendors
privacy policy
contact us
 














©2025 collage rehabilitation. all rights reserved.











 
