 
       westie rescue usa                        



                                  donate                home       about          back     who we are       what we do       the breed       annual reviews       faqs             events       blog       rescue groups       i want to ...          back     find a local westie rescue       surrender or report a dog in need       apply to adopt       apply to volunteer             support us          back     make a donation       estate planning       how to get involved             resources          back     health and fitness          back     fitness and play       health issues       veterinary medicine             training       two sides of the bowl       westie wisdom             login          back     authorized groups             contact us                      welcome!  helping westies in need, potential adopters, and rescue volunteers all over the usa                   newsflash      
                                                
                                                how do you like us so far? stay tuned. exciting stuff going on here.

                                                                                                           
                                                
                                                scottish christmas walk parade 2024

                                                                                                                        westie wisdomtraining & behavior modification - tips, tricks, and approaches from 30 years of terrier training.
alpha roll – what, why and how? 
and much much moretwo sides of the bowltwo westies give you tips on how to handle humans and unique situations.latest newskeep up with what we are doing. subscribe to our blog and/or sign up for our newsletter.         subscribe to our blog unsubscribe from our blog                we've got work to do. no time to sit around.  read more                
                                        
                                        who we are

                                        
                                        +    westie rescue usa, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, is a national clearinghouse for all things westie rescue. it is sponsored by westie rescue midatlantic.     
                                        
                                        what we do

                                        
                                        +    we are a national home base for reputable organizations and individuals that volunteer their time and efforts to rescue west highland white terriers in the united states.     
                                        
                                        how you can help

                                        
                                        +    donate                                                                       useful links     
							
							make a donation
												       
							
							apply to adopt
												       
							
							apply to volunteer
												       
							
							find a local westie rescue
												         about westie rescue usawestie rescue usa, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, is a national clearinghouse for all things westie rescue. it is a national home base for reputable organizations and individuals that volunteer their time and efforts to rescue west highland white terriers in the united states. it is also the home of westie rescue - midatlantic region based in virginia.                                ©
        2025
    westie rescue usa. all rights reserved.westie rescue usa is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. all contributions are tax-deductible to the full extent allowed by law. our tax identification number is #86-1935078.
                                  
