the desert sun | palm springs and coachella valley newssports business news life opinion advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  with big crowd on hand, rancho mirage tops palm springs in cif-ss playoffspalm desert eatery gets 'b' for food temps, contaminated ice, morejazz legends and rising stars to shine at palm springs jazz festivalpalm springs restaurant named one of the best in the us desert christian academy rallies to beat coachella… dap health offers free sexual wellness services for cod… looking to volunteer in the coachella valley? california lottery mega millions, daily 3 midday winning…rattlers top indians in 2a playoffsrainy weather in the coachella valley  dap health offers free sexual wellness services for cod students  california lottery mega millions, daily 3 midday winning numbers for feb. 14, 2025 more in news with big crowd on hand, rancho mirage tops palm springs in cif-ss playoffs  desert sun athlete of the week: voting window is open now  cif-ss playoffs: full schedule for this week's first round games more in sports flights from palm springs to portland now year-round  market market brings palm springs a new way to shop  five new restaurants or bars open in coachella valley more in business biggest reform la can make post-fires? simplify government nils gilman  'happily ever after' is for everyone steve ammidown  what it’s like to fight an l.a. fire ruth nolan more in opinion mega millions winning numbers for feb. 14: $145 million jackpot  who is the youngest best actress oscar winner? see how old she was  'snl' 50th anniversary show isn't on saturday: here's when to watch it more in trending 🪷now boarding: shop 'the white lotus' x away travel collab today  ditch the peach fuzz: get 25% off dermaflash dermaplaning tools  the viral our place wonder oven is back on sale! save up to 30% this weekend more in shoppingenter today       enter today       winners announced!       more in contestsdesert sun athlete of the week: voting window is open now 4 shows to see in the coachella valley and high desert this week 15 things to do in the coachella valley this week, feb. 10-16 cif-ss playoffs: full schedule for this week's first round games rainy weather in the coachella valley      about us corrections staff directory careers accessibility support sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business place an ad licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x enewspaper archivesjobs cars homes classifieds education shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.desertsun.com. all rights reserved.