



	trade press media group, inc.














about
brands
careers
contact




 



world class talentredefining world class media
proudly celebrating 100 years, we are a market-leading, growth-oriented, and idea-driven b2b media company based in milwaukee, wisconsin that satisfies the business and information needs of our customers, provides job fulfillment for our employees, and shares our resources and talents with our community.












about us
trade press media group is known for award-winning editorial excellence, top-notch events and valuable business-building opportunities. we proudly publish six business-to-business magazines, put on market-leading trade shows, manage a number of industry web sites, produce educational webcasts, offer informational email newsletters and develop a myriad of other media products. our brands are considered “best-in-class” by our subscribers, event attendees, advertiser, and exhibitor customers.

history
culture
community 

industries we serve






click to view kit

facilities management »executives, building owners and managers of maintenance and engineering responsible for operations, renovation and construction of multi-floor/multi-site office buildings, data centers, college campuses, school districts, medical clinics & hospitals, retail chains, hotels and government buildings. 


click to view kit

rail »
north american railroad executives and managers responsible for freight and passenger rail industry issues ranging from new-business development to business-process change to technology evolution. 







click to view kit

commecial cleaning »
executives, business owners and facilities managers who own and/or manage cleaning operations for schools, hotels, hospitals and other commercial and institutional buildings, including jan/san distributors, building service contractors and in-house cleaning/facility managers.


click to view kit

meetings »
planners of meetings, conferences, conventions, events and incentive programs worldwide, with a primary focus on covering the destinations, venues and experiences that may be a good fit for their programs and the latest trends and issues affecting the industry.










				 
			





our brands
trade press media group provides insight, education, industry news, events, and technology tools to b2b decision makers in facilities management, commercial cleaning and rail transportation industries. as a multi-channel media company, we build and sustain prosperous professional communities and relationships through a variety of digital media, print magazines and live events that connect buyers and sellers.


facilities management




 




 
 

rail transportation







 
 

commercial cleaning





 
 
 

meetings




 
 







				 
			





careers
we're always on the hunt for great people. interested? send us your résumé. if your experience and skills appear to meet our needs, we'll give you a call.


 
benefits


                competitive compensation
				predetermined paid holidays
				health insurance
				life insurance
				401(k) with employer match
				dental insurance
				vision insurance
                



                health reimbursement account
				short term and long term disability
				casual attire
				free parking
				flexible hours
				paid time off for volunteering
				flexible benefits spending plan
                

 
boomerang club
the highest of compliment to a company. relocation of a spouse. birth of a child. career redirection. these are all reasons why someone may choose to leave a company. this is common, of course. but what isn't common is for a significant percentage of former employees to return. trade press media group is proud of its boomerang club. at present, nearly 10% of our team members have left for various reasons and later happily returned.












contact us

phone414-228-7701800-727-7995
fax414-228-1134
emailinfo@tradepress.com
address10001 w. innovation dr., suite 101
wauwatosa, wi  53226
 










copyright © 2025 trade press media group, inc.10001 w. innovation drive, suite 101, wauwatosa, wi 53226
home    
about    
brands    
careers    
contact    

culture    
history    
community
disability accomodations  
				| 
				privacy policy












