




russian translation usa - certified english/russian translations





























russian translation usa
renowned world experts in english/russian translation, established in 1996






english/russian translations: technical, engineering, scientific, medical, legal, financial. personal translation services


professional english/russian translators, native speakers, experts in different industries and subject areas






home  | 
company  |  
subject areas  | 
personal translation  | 
rates  | 
payment  | 
client & testimonials  |  
best picks  |  
contact us












russian translation company








   home page

   company

   subject areas

   personal translation

   translation rates

   payment

   our clients

   best picks

   contact us

   site map













click herefor credit card payment











send us your filefor a translation cost estimate








translate personal documentsphone interpreter assistance(3-way call interpretation)









translate russian to english; translate english to russian: english-russian handheld electronic text translators











marketing specialists











we invite marketing specialists to join us in developing new business situations and creating new english-russian translation projects.












language solutionsinternational

russian translation usa

copyright © 1996/2024all rights reserved.

company policies

















russian translation resources


english translation resources




translations from english into russian in the united states, russia, and ukraine by native speakers of russian with emphasis on legal, academic, medical, financial, technical, engineering, and scientific documents


translations from russian into english by our language specialists in the united states, native speakers of english, in the area of technical, engineering, medical, financial, legal, and scientific subject matters




comprehensive english-to-russian technical, financial, engineering, medical, scientific, and legal translation services, including immigration, ip, and patent-related materials


comprehensive russian-to-english technical, financial and legal translations, including ip and patent-related documents, as well as a full range of u.s. immigration materials




professional russian translators, experts in different areas of knowledge – native speakers of the russian language with complete fluency in english


professional american translators, experts in different industries and subject areas – native speakers of the english language with complete fluency in russian




local teams of language specialists working under the supervision of linguist managers trained by language solutions

linguistic  teams working under the direct supervision of language solutions managers in the united states




communications network providing for effective interaction between the company headquarters in the united states and the local russian translation resources


regular online training seminars, industry glossary updates, and performance reviews ensure the highest possible quality work by our language specialists








translation services at a glance






russian translation — technical, engineering, scientific, financial, legal (immigration) and medical, as well as in many other fields. one of our professional specialties: text conversion of technical manuals, user guides, engineering specifications. our work is accurate and fast, regardless of the work volume or deadline, and always — always! — within the client-specified schedule.

ukrainian translation  in all major subject areas. handled with the same degree of expertise and mastery, this is a relatively new extension to our english/russian translation practice.

website translation and localization — the converted html code, webpage text and other website page elements are delivered fully edited/proofread and in ready-to-upload electronic formats.

language conversion of engineering drawings using autocad, adobe illustrator, and other sophisticated computer software tools.

certified translation of personal documents from russian into english and english into russian:

personal correspondence  and other written communications
uscis documents, including the us k-1 fianc e (marriage) visa, and other immigration and non-immigration related documents
international passports and driver's licenses
birth-, death-, divorce-, and marriage certificates
professional services for adopting parents: letters to children, complete adoption dossiers, certified adoption certificates
vaccination (immunization) and medical records
academic/scientific diplomas and education transcripts for submission to us credentials evaluation services and other official institutions (please note: our company does not provide foreign educational credential evaluation services)
recommendation letters
legal materials, including "no record" certificates from law enforcement organizations in russia and ukraine (police clearance certificates), affidavits and prenuptial (premarital) agreements


the translated documents are certified per clients' request. certification (also called affidavit of translation) is signed by the performing translator and is attested by the official embossing seal of our company (it can also be notarized by a u.s. notary public, if requested).

russian/ukrainian editing and proofreading provided by professional editors and proofreaders with solid publishing house experiences in russia and ukraine.

interpreter assisted 3-way (conference) calling. planning a telephone conversation with your business associates or personal contacts in russia or ukraine? we will assist you in making those important phone calls by providing you with our highly professional over-the-phone interpreting service.






phone interpreter assistance











personal translation services





along with industry specific support for corporate clients, we offer a wide array of personal russian to english and english to russian document translation services.  this includes: personal letters; uscis legal materials, including the us k-1 fianc e (marriage) visa, and other immigration related documents; international passports and driver's licenses; birth-, death-, divorce- and marriage certificates; adoption papers; medical records; academic (high school and university) diplomas and transcripts; letters of recommendation.



we fully adhere to the document certification requirements set forth by major u.s. official institutions, such as the uscis and state department: "any foreign language document must be accompanied by a full english translation that the translator has certified as complete and correct, and by the translator's certification that he or she is competent to translate the foreign language into english" (instructions for uscis form i-130, page 1).


certification (affidavit of translation) is signed by the performing translator and embossed with the official seal of our company. a cover letter on the company letterhead detailing the translated items is included in the packet.


please refer to personal russian translation or, for a full array of services
and rate information, please use the online quiry.








our client support is superior in the u.s. language translation industry.  to discuss any particular question or just get a quote, you can talk online, via our dedicated live chat service, with one of our specialists; or you can send us an e-mail, knowing that the reply will arrive within minutes (literally!); or you can call us with anything of interest, and your call will never be put on hold.  we are standing by to provide you with prompt, precise, and clear answers!















free russian translation support



we extend our free russian translation support to all our current and past clients, as well as to our website visitors, subject to translator availability.  the support functions include, but are not limited to:




 

consulting on any language related issues




 

written or oral conversion of separate words or phrases




 

editing machine translated text pieces




 

pronunciation coaching over the phone





during our over twenty-year presence on the internet, we have provided free interlingual support on a broad range of topics related to our visitors  specific needs, be it a complex technical, engineering manual, a legal document, academic diploma or transcript, a medical or vaccination (immunization) record, or business, as well as personal correspondence.  you might have the same or similar questions on topics, such as:




 

cyrillic technical (encoding) issues.




 

transliteration of russian and ukrainian proper names (name spelling using english, or rather latin, letters).




 

what is the apostille certificate and what institutions issue these important documents?




 

foreign educational credential evaluation: what institutions prepare evaluation reports to establish the comparability of foreign educational credentials to u. s. high school diplomas and college/university and scientific degrees?




 

us k-1 fianc e (marriage) visa translation support.




 

should the english versions of the original official documents be notarized?




please tell us how you would like us to assist you, and we will respond promptly.




free human translation



we will 
translate

for you, at no charge, a short text from english into russian and/or from russian into english. some other language pairs are also offered. the work will be done by a professional translator.









free consultation


have any russian language related question? any russia/usa cross-cultural questions? the length of our free consulting phone session is up to 15
minutes. please use the online request form to schedule your call.





information corner



we pick and publish the most interesting and innovative materials on the subject of language translation. the featured article references our managing director, a professionally trained expert in both english and russian languages.





















home  |   
russian translation company  | 
subject areas  | 
personal translation  |  
russian translation rates  | 

payment  |  
clients & testimonials  |  
best picks  |  
contact us






