


property management software | income and expense tracking | productivity software by spiritworks software inc.























 























































five tucows






 


you need accounting software that is:
    • reliable • fast • secure • reasonably priced
we provide award winning, complete, 
      easy-to-use, 
      free trial, desktop software for mac and windows, to sole proprietors that need to keep track of their income and expenses. you get great phone or email support, and updates for no extra charge.
click here to find out how you will benefit from using our software?

discover how most users save time and money by downloading our easy-to-use desktop software instead of using web-based software. text or infographic.
we offer  rental property management software programs for:
        • apartment  & residential landlords
• campgrounds & rv parks
        • commercial offices or spaces
       • equipment rental management and sales
• reservation software for small hotels & motels  

    powered by typeform 
click here for a more compact version of this website, for mobile users and those with small screens.
haga clic acá para obtener información en español sobre nuestro software de
      gestión de rentas de propiedades
a portion of every purchase is donated to 
      one of these non-profit organizations 
      which we support with our time and money:

• capital community television
• conscious business innerprise
        • global oneness day
        • humanity's team
        • meals on wheels
        • oneness coalition
        • unity of salem 




find out why our software is so easy to use.
click any of the following images to learn more about
productivity software from spiritworks software inc.






"this software is amazing!! i have spent weeks on the 
                internet searching for a property management software program. 
                downloaded and installed all of them to try, some of them 
                were hundreds and thousands of dollars. none of them compared 
                to rental property tracker plus. it's so easy and user friendly. the price is the best for 
                  what you get." - mike 





 rental property tracker plus™ - this residential rental property management software system creates rent rolls and keeps track of all your units, tenants, rental income and expenses, assets, work orders, tasks and schedules.
 you can also easily create notices and form letters to send to your tenants or contact list. there is no limit to the number of units or tenants you can enter. download your 10-day free trial rental property management software here.
click here to see a video presentation of the features and benefits of rental property tracker plus




"thanks for some great software at a reasonable price. it's hard to 
                find software tailored to the small 
                  vacation rental business. we manage 11 homes, and 
                can't afford the expensive and overbloated (for us) software 
                that's out there. this works great." -- ron wood, hawaiian 
                paradise vacation rentals www.hpvacationrentals.com





vacation rental tracker plus™ - complete reservation booking management software system.
this  hospitality property management system for short term rental properties keeps track of all your units, guests, reservation availability, housekeeping, rental income and expenses, assets, work orders, tasks and schedules. there is no limit to the number of units you can manage. keep track of any kind of rental unit
              (hotel or motel room, condo, house, cabin, guest house, conference center, etc.). this property managing software also has many
              features for international users and property managers! daily reminders keep you on schedule for all your administrative tasks. works with webreserv to provide online booking capabilities. download your 10-day free trial hospitality software here.
click here to see a video presentation of the features and benefits of vacation rental tracker plus




"your product (vacation rental property tracker) has been the easiest and most informative property management software i have tested (i have tried about 10 so far). your support and assistance has been exceptional, especially when you consider the time difference, distance and time of year. you are to be congratulated." - colin patterson, australia





commercial rental tracker plus™
is an extended version of rental property tracker plus. this software will keep track of every aspect of your commercial rentals, including property tax, utility and expense distributions, owner contributions and distributions, any kind of commercial lease, all assets that are rented with the property and any repairs and other work orders that need to be performed. download your 10-day free trial commercial rental property management software here.
click here to see a video presentation of the features and benefits of commercial rental tracker plus




"thank you for writing such a straight forward and easy to use program. you've captured the process of rental tracking and automated it beautifully. i'm a volunteer "bookkeeper" for a non-profit and i'm so glad to have found a program that i don't have to be an accountant to use. your program and your excellent support are very much appreciated!" - sincerely, jim schaffitz





 

equipment rental tracker plus 
is similar to inventory tracker plus, except it is great software
            for durable medical equipment, heavy equipment rentals, and other small business who rent and sell equipment and other products!
download your 10-day free trial equipment rental management software here.




i love this 
                software!!! i have several inventory programs that are 
                included with internet hosting services that i use and they 
                do not work! this is awesome! i am 
                  so "right-brained" that to keep track of anything but my head 
                  is a real issue--this frees me up to be as creative and customer-oriented 
                  as i like! this is help for the "organizationally 
                  challenged among us!" - judy paleologos - priscillascloset.com









available for most windows and macintosh computers. 
  data can be shared between any of these computers.
customize colors, currency symbol ($, £, ¥,  €, etc.), date, time, 
distance and liquid measure formats, report font and size, etc.
guided tour included with each product.
user guides, in pdf format, are available to download and print
get free customer support!




  

 
 


  © 2001-2018 spiritworks software inc.
po box 4484, salem, or 97302
terms of use, refund and privacy policy, site map









 





