









asa world tour | the best of action sports




















































 popular asa events: big air triples | high school tour | supergirl pro | fmx | action sports live events




 

action sports world tour
great adventure
spx
 

 

search





athletes
venue
tickets
 





asa world tour – great adventure






defending x games silver medalist paul-luc ronchetti is confirmed to compete at six flags great adventure!
2015 x games bronze medal winner mykel larrin is confirmed to compete at the 2017 six flags great adventure!
2015 x games gold medalist vince byron will be showcasing his skills at the 2017 six flags great adventure!
2013 x games silver medal winner coco zurita is confirmed to compete at the 2017 six flags great adventure!
jono schwan is confirmed to compete at the 2017 six flags great adventure




 
dates: 
june 10 & 11, 2017
venue:
six flags great adventure in jackson, nj
come and check out the world’s best bmx and skateboard x games athletes compete on a one-of-a-kind mobile half-pipe ramp at six flags great adventure & safari, right next to the fender benders.
in an exciting show the athletes will present their skills in amazing tricks, breathtaking high airs and challenging double runs!
afterwards, use this unique opportunity to meet the pros and get a photo taken with your favorite athlete. some of the pros coming to six flags great adventure & safari will be legends vince byron, coco zurita, mykel larrin, paul-luc ronchetti and jono schwan.
watch highlights from last year

bmx athletes:
  
skate athletes:


 
 
 








recent posts


asa entertainment partners with six flags great adventure to bring top bmx and skateboard pros to compete in the action sports world tour june 11-12


mitchie brusco wins skate vert at inaugural st. pete action sports


logan martin wins bmx big air triples at inaugural st. pete action sports


cody elkins headlines inaugural st. pete action sports event


extreme sports comes to st. petersburg











				© 2025 asa world tour.  all rights reserved. | privacy policy | site id: 7








































