





computing | techradar


































 































































  






 














skip to main content






open menu
close menu





tech radar















techradar the technology experts





search

 


search techradar



 









sign in






view profile

sign out










rss




 

 

 

 

us editionasiasingaporeeuropedanmarksuominorgesverigeukitalianederlandbelgië (nederlands)francedeutschlandespañanorth americaus (english)canadaméxicoaustralasiaaustralianew zealand











 



phones




computing




tvs




ai




streaming




health




audio




vpn



more 


cameras


home


news


reviews


opinion


how to


versus


deals


coupons


best









tech radar pro




























tech radar gaming







 


 


trendingpresidents' day tv salesiphone se 4galaxy s25 ultra reviewnintendo switch 2best vpnbest laptopnyt wordle today



when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here’s how it works.









 computing 

















(image credit: gorodenkoff / shutterstock)




welcome to techradar’s computing channel. here, you’ll find all the latest news, reviews, guides and more for anything computer related. we’re not just talking about laptops and pcs (although we have loads of content on them), but also macbooks, chromebooks, peripherals (such as mice and keyboards) and the software they run.the computing landscape is constantly and rapidly changing, which can be both exciting and baffling. an increasing number of us are either working from home or embracing hybrid ways of working, which means picking the best laptop for your needs is essential. meanwhile, the rise of artificial intelligence (ai) chatbots, such as chatgpt and google bard, has given us a tantalizing glimpse of what the future of tech holds.there’s never been a more exciting time in computing, so let us help you make sense of it all.











 explore computing 





cloud computing






computing buying guides






computing components






computing deals






computing how tos






computing news






computing reviews






computing security






desktop pcs






gaming computers






internet






laptops






peripherals & accessories






software











latest about computing 
















best buy has a huge laptop sale for presidents' day - i've picked the 15 best deals from $159


by

james pickard 

last updated 16 february 25



there are loads f laptop deals in the best buy presidents' day sale so i've searched through and picked out the 15 best offers.




laptops















getty fuzzy? this app could help you sharpen your mental skills


by

paul hatton 

published 16 february 25



homescreen heroes: pixa delivers brain-training games based on the goals you want to achieve




websites & apps



















what is an operating system? essential computing software explained


by

aleksha mcloughlin 

published 16 february 25



we explain operating systems on computers, from windows 11 to linux, macos and beyond.




software















5 massive ai trends i'm looking out for in 2025


by

becca caddy 

published 16 february 25



as ai advances, what shifts will truly matter in 2025? i explore the biggest trends and the changes i hope to see.




artificial intelligence















benq becreatus gr10 usb4 dock review


by

alastair jennings 

published 16 february 25



benq's usb4 dock is ideal for phones, tablets, and handhelds




computing















quordle hints and answers for monday, february 17 (game #1120)


by

johnny dee 

published 16 february 25



looking for quordle clues? we can help. plus get the answers to quordle today and past solutions.




websites & apps















nyt strands hints and answers for monday, february 17 (game #351)


by

johnny dee 

published 16 february 25



looking for nyt strands answers and hints? here's all you need to know to solve today's game, including the spangram.




websites & apps















what is bluesky? the new social media network explained


by

aleksha mcloughlin 

published 16 february 25



we explain bluesky, the emerging new social media alternative to twitter/x in detail.




social media















what is pcie 5.0? the latest component bandwidth standard explained


by

aleksha mcloughlin 

published 16 february 25



we explain pcie 5.0, the latest peripheral component interconnect express standard, and what it means for computing and pc gaming in 2025.




computing components















past wordle answers – every solution so far, alphabetical and by date


by

marc mclaren 

last updated 16 february 25



knowing past wordle answers can help with today's game. here's the full list so far.




websites & apps

 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
archives








get daily insight, inspiration and deals in your inboxsign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.contact me with news and offers from other future brandsreceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsby submitting your information you agree to the terms & conditions and privacy policy and are aged 16 or over.









latest articles1want a blu-ray writer and a 13th-generation intel core cpu in your laptop? there's only one place on earth for it2i'm a fat man who wants to lose weight, so here are 5 fitness-related presidents' day deals that could help me fight my flab3spotify hifi: release date rumors, price predictions, and everything we know so far 4getty fuzzy? this app could help you sharpen your mental skills5hundreds of the world's largest hard disk drive have mysteriously gone on sale online as refurbished model - should you buy them?














techradar is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site.




about us


contact future's experts


contact us


terms and conditions


privacy policy


cookies policy


advertise with us


web notifications


accessibility statement


careers



©
future us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,
new york,
ny 10036. 


 



















 










close













please login or signup to comment

please wait...





login


sign up












