
funeral homes in watchung, new jersey | funeral arrangements | higgins


















































home




about us





map & directions




news & events




our services




our staff




area services







funeral planning





when death occurs




pre-planning




funeral etiquette




faq







funeral merchandise




resources





world wide web resources




memorial donation information




grief resources




fema covid-19 funeral assistance program




funeral statement request - online
























welcome

the hallmark of the american funeral service is to enhance the dignity of mankind. this is done by meeting the needs of the deceased and of those who mourn before death, at the time of death, and perhaps for an extended period thereafter.we, the higgins family, for over 135 years and four generations, have been privileged to serve the families and the community as a whole with professional service and personal attention. each family, regardless of race, ethnicity or religion, is regarded as unique in their customs, wishes and needs. the family and staff at higgins "home for funerals" pledge to provide service that accurately reflects the needs of each individual family.higgins "home for funerals" is a full-service funeral provider. we feel that our location, with it's spacious, elegant viewing rooms and ample on-site parking, offer the finest facilities in central new jersey. pre-arrangements and pre-need conferences are easily arranged. staff is available on a 24-hour basis to provide compassionate and professional service at an affordable cost.this website is designed to provide comprehensive information that will assist the public in making informed and knowledgeable decisions regarding funeral service.

























current services
past services







        loading...
    







                        steven james sinski
                    

saturday, january 25, 2025







                        jeffrey s. ostroff
                    

thursday, february 13, 2025







                        york kleinert
                    

wednesday, february 12, 2025







                        margaret s. doherty
                    

wednesday, february 12, 2025







                        perla maria greenwald
                    

tuesday, february 11, 2025








                        dhaval  jariwala
                    

saturday, february 8, 2025








                        maria lucinda guanatagsi
                    

thursday, february 6, 2025








                        anthony  assini
                    

wednesday, february 5, 2025



view all
receive notifications



































































about us
we, the higgins family, for over 135 years and four generations, have been privileged to serve the families and the community as a whole with professional service and personal attention.


watchung location
752 mountain blvdwatchung, nj 07069steve szczubelek, manager(908)756-0017


map & directions







quick links
contact uspre-planningresourcesfuneral planning















admin login | website powered by funeraltech & ta | privacy policy | terms of use











