






625 : andrew wiseman's television room

















 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 






on the web
						since 1996
updated: sa 1-feb-25



find me on
					bluesky, 
threads and x


					625tvroom on youtube

					more videos on vimeo





february update:
flash-free regional itv!


this update focuses on flash-free re-creations of idents seen on
					itv. there's a clock from ulster television, colour and 
					black-and-white versions of southern's animated the station that
					serves the south ident and a schools caption from westward.








this brings the total number of itv and channel 4 flash-free files
					to 92. there are also 71 bbc flash-free
					files	to look through.

despite flash no longer being available, the flash files continue
						to run,	and even work on mobiles and tablets now, thanks to the
						ruffle emulator. part one has
						idents and	breakbumpers. part
						two	has	schools presentation, open university symbols and
						test cards.
for more tv graphics from the past, brought back to life by
						dave jeffery, who created the widescreen london weekend
						animation broadcast on their last day on air, why	not visit his
						youtube	channel, modestly titled: stupid rubbish.






other fun stuff!




animated thames logos

relax and watch the ripples on the thames on a very calm day and an
					equally calm night! these animations are based on a java applet written
					by david griffiths and coverted into javascript so they can run on any
					browser.
				


static

remember static - the random picture of dots you saw when tuning an
					analogue tv set? hard to put on youtube because too much changes too
					quickly for the codec to cope. but here it is perfectly generated by
					your browser (both in colour and black and white).





the carltonisation of itv

the story of the disappearance of central and westcountry, swept
			 away by the carlton branding machine.


the consolidation of itv


the story of the disappearance of lwt, htv and the regional
			 announcers, despite assurances from the government that itv's regional
			 identities were safe in their hands.


the unification of itv


the story of how carlton and grampian disappeared along with hours of
			 regional programming.






digital tv - beyond the hype

a faq on digital tv from 1999 when it was a new thing! a time when
				you could plug a set-top box into your tv and get sky one on 
				subscription with no dish, no cable and no internet required.
			





dog watch!

from 2003, the annoyance of colourful, sometimes animated, permanent
				on-screen logos or "dogs" that most channels have nowadays.






tv logos index
updated
tv station logos from yesteryear, featuring dave jeffery's flash
					files and flash-free symbols, clocks and break bumpers. with
					articles on the visual brand history of the bbc, thames television
					and itv's unified look from 1999 to 2005. now with more
					itv flash-free re-creations.
				





public information films index
updated  th 1-aug-24
transcripts of public information films with some available to
				watch (if you have realplayer, vlc or something similar and can put up
				with the tiny video size!).







channel 5

channel 5, britain's newest and last terrestrial analogue tv network,
				was launched on easter sunday 1997 by the spice girls. this is an
				faq on the station from 1999.
			





programme delivery control

everything you always ever wanted to know about pdc, the amazing
				 invention which enabled you to set a timer to record a programme and
				 it would still work, even if the programme was delayed. an faq from
				 2003 when analogue tv was still a thing.






celebrity swears
tv favourite zippy from	rainbow lets rip with a four-letter word in
			 the name of entertainment. yes it's really zippy. don't believe it?
			 see for yourself!




tv themes

trying to get hold of an old tv theme? here are the track listings
				 from the tv sets collection and this is the return of cult fiction,
				 which includes white horses, judged to	be the best tv theme ever!







web snatcher!
in 1996, dave van staveren created a web site that turned out to
		 			consist almost entirely of other people's web pages. the other
					people weren't happy - especially when dave accused them of
					copying from him! that december he visited the bbc and
					apologised for his actions. but that wasn't the end of the story...
				





fifteen to one updated  su 1-dec-24
find out how you go about inventing a popular quiz show and what
					it's like to appear on one, now with a new introduction summarising
					the show's history, including its revival in 2013.







right to reply updated  su 1-dec-24
i appeared on viewer feedback programme right to reply seven times!
					this section has transcripts, screenshots and video of my
					contributions. the index page is now mobile-friendly and has updated
					descriptions. 
				





full contents updated
a full list of contents for the pages at this web site. new and
					updated pages are indicated, as are those featuring audio and video
					clips.







andrew wiseman
				colour production



counted by http://www.digits.net

		 e-mail



