








araboo.com - the arab guide










arab guide, arab news, arab web resources...
arab home
  - help




































main


  arab guide  

  arab news  




february 16, 2025











   advanced










arab countries 


algeria
iraq
lebanon
oman
saudi
tunisia


bahrain
jordan
libya
palestine
sudan
uae


egypt
kuwait
morocco
qatar
syria
yemen




arab guidesuggest - featuredarab artart galleriesevents and festivalsfashion designliteraturemoviesmuseumsarabic musicpaintingphotographypoetrysingersarab businessjobs in arabiaengineeringindustriesmanufacturingmarketinginterior designarab banksarab insuranceclassifiedsarab real estateadvertising agenciesarchitecturebusiness consultingconstruction and maintenanceexhibitionsfinancial serviceslegal servicesprintingstocks and bondscomputers and internetcommunities and forumsgraphicshardwarehostingsoftwaretelecommunicationsweb design and developmentarab educationalumnicolleges and universitiesschoolstrainingarab healthbeautyclinics and medical centersdentistrydoctors and physiciansfitnesshospitalsnutritionarab news & mediamagazinesarabic newsarabic newspapersradio stationstelevision stationsarab world weatherarab recreationcinemaarabic foodgameshumoroutdoorspetsarab governmentarab embassiesforeign embassiesinternational organizationsministriespolitical partiespolitical personalitiespoliticspublic administrationsarab shoppingautosbeauty productsbooksclothingflowersfoodgames and toysgiftsjewelryarabic musicfurnituresociety and cultureblogscultureenvironmenthistorykids and teenspeoplerelationshipsreligionsocial organizationswomenfamiliesarab sportbasketballarab footballmartial artsmotorsportswater sportstravel and tourismairlinescar rentalsarab hotelsarab world mapsarab restaurantstaxi servicestowns and citiestravel agents



arab currency converter



convert amount:
 from this currency:
 to this currency:





algeria, dinar (dzd)armenia, dram (amd)australia, dollar (aud)bahrain, dinar (bhd)brazil, real (brl)canada, dollar (cad)china, yuan renminbi (cny)denmark, krone (dkk)egypt, pound (egp)ethiopia, birr (etb)euro (eur)gold ounce (xau)india, rupee (inr)indonesia, rupiah (idr)iraq, dinar (iqd)japan, yen (jpy)jordan, dinar (jod)kuwait, dinar (kwd)lebanon, pound (lbp)libya, dinar (lyd)malaysia, ringgit (myr)morocco, dirham (mad)norway, krone (nok)oman, rial (omr)philippines, peso (php)qatar, riyal (qar)russia, ruble (rub)saudi arabia, riyal (sar)silver ounce (xag)singapore, dollar (sgd)sri lanka, rupee (lkr)sudan, dinar (sdd)switzerland, franc (chf)syria, pound (syp)thailand, baht (thb)tunisia, dinar (tnd)turkey, new lira (try)uae, dirham (aed)united kingdom, pound (gbp)united states, dollar (usd)yemen, rial (yer)


algeria, dinar (dzd)armenia, dram (amd)australia, dollar (aud)bahrain, dinar (bhd)brazil, real (brl)canada, dollar (cad)china, yuan renminbi (cny)denmark, krone (dkk)egypt, pound (egp)ethiopia, birr (etb)euro (eur)gold ounce (xau)india, rupee (inr)indonesia, rupiah (idr)iraq, dinar (iqd)japan, yen (jpy)jordan, dinar (jod)kuwait, dinar (kwd)lebanon, pound (lbp)libya, dinar (lyd)malaysia, ringgit (myr)morocco, dirham (mad)norway, krone (nok)oman, rial (omr)philippines, peso (php)qatar, riyal (qar)russia, ruble (rub)saudi arabia, riyal (sar)silver ounce (xag)singapore, dollar (sgd)sri lanka, rupee (lkr)sudan, dinar (sdd)switzerland, franc (chf)syria, pound (syp)thailand, baht (thb)tunisia, dinar (tnd)turkey, new lira (try)uae, dirham (aed)united kingdom, pound (gbp)united states, dollar (usd)yemen, rial (yer)







info about the arab world





the arab world (al-alam al-arabi or arabia) consists of 22 arabic speaking countries located in north africa and south-western asia. 
 its area stretches from the arabian gulf to the atlantic ocean, covering the gulf region, levant region, nile region and maghreb region.
check out arabia photos to view the beautiful nature, culture and historic sites of the arab world.
the arab world is rich in oil and natural gas, as well as other minerals and natural resources.
the arabian history is rich in culture, achievments and inventions. arabia is known as the cradle of civilizations. 
 over time, many civilizations and empires have emerged from the arab world or have conquered the arab lands, leaving lots of historic and archaeological remains in many regions.
the arab world is the cradle of the monotheistic (divine) religions: judaism, christianity and islam. it has a wealth of religious sites, which makes it a main destination 
 for religious tourism, and attracts millions of pilgrimages each year from all around the world.
the arab world has lots of beautiful natural scenery including deserts, oases, mountains, caves, meadows and beaches. 
 arab tourism is a major sector of its economy, and attracts millions of tourists each year.
the population of the arab world exceeds 360 millions. the main spoken language is the arabic language, with a different dialect in each country. 
 other spoken languages are english and french, in addition to local native and urban languages.
arabic food differs from one region to another in the arab world, but mostly it is one of the healthiest cuisines, specially in the mediterranean countries.










arab home
- about us

- contact us

- privacy
- help


© 2001 - 2025 araboo. all rights reserved.






