





chorley bsac - dive with us
































			                                                                    
contact us   
about 
us     try scuba diving     learn 
to dive    already a diver? 



homepage 
members forum                next dives   dive reports   calendar 
of events   photo gallery  
			   meet the committee



















     

    welcome to chorley sub-aqua club 

























chorley facebook page



























































we are a very active and friendly scuba diving club 
          welcoming new members of all ages and abilities. 
          whether you're already a diver or want to learn to dive,
          come and join us.

          you can visit us at leyland leisure centre, lancaster gate pr25 2ex
          every wednesday evening from 9pm till 10pm

as part of the british sub-aqua club, the uk’s leading dive club and the sport’s national governing body, we provide an internationally-recognised diver training and development programme.
   we have great fun diving around the uk and overseas and we even have our own rib that we mainly use for dives off the north wales coast. 
   check out our 'next dives' page to see our latest trips.
   our qualified instructors are able to train you from 'new starter' through to advanced diver. 
   we also welcome divers from padi, ssi, saa and the bsac 'cross over' approach allows you to continue your training by building on your existing qualifications.
   chorley bsac has the safety and safeguarding of children and vulnerable adults, as a primary importance.
   we also run many popular bsac skill development courses.
   
for further details please contact peter masheter by email: 





     
      



 





member notices
 
please remember to check the events calendar on a regular 
    basis.


    your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.

     
    click here 
    for full list of club notices


























           

		  why not book a try dive?

          have you always been curious about what it's like to scuba dive?
          the first time you breathe underwater is an experience to remember.
          it is easy to try scuba diving with chorley bsac and it is the perfect introduction.
          our experienced instructors will introduce you to the skill of breathing underwater for the very first time...


          
		   





















     











copyright ©2006 - 2022 chorley bsac all rights reserved.
    privacy policy
scuba dive in chorley wigan standish euxton skelmersdale coppull leyland preston






