












liftnlock 2.0 | move cars with your forklift | wheel lift attachment


















































 












blog | 
facebook


se habla español
 | 
(913) 238-4157
contact@liftnlockllc.com
 | 












order
parts
how to use
maintenance
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










move vehicles easier, faster, and safer with liftnlock

order now















liftnlock 2.0: a revolutionary wheel lift attachment

moving cars with your forklift or skid-steer is now easier, faster, and safer than ever thanks to our new liftnlock 2.0 lift attachment! designed for easy use, minimal maintenance, and maximum longevity, liftnlock will immediately boost productivity and space savings on your lot.

how it works


















liftnlock pays for itself by saving you time, space, and money








save money
stop losing money on poor quality forklift car movers and invest in a tool that lasts for years.








save time
quickly place and maneuver vehicles throughout your lot thanks to liftnlock’s innovative design.








save space
efficiently organize vehicles on your property with a wheel lift attachment that handles tight turns and spaces.










prevent damage
liftnlock’s custom designed tire cradles allow you to securely move cars or trucks without causing damage.








reduce maintenance
lower your ongoing maintenance costs by using a wrecker forklift attachment with no hydraulics.








gain security
using liftnlock to tightly organize vehicles on your lot not only frees up space, but also deters thieves.







order liftnlock












      refer a friend & receive $200
    
    
      details at checkout
    
  









      free shipping on u.s. orders
    
    
      (lower 48 only)
    
  









      quick delivery
    
    
      most orders ship in 2-4 business days
    
  








innovative features separate liftnlock from the competition
with state-of-the-art features and premium quality construction, liftnlock offers an unmatched level of convenience and reliability as compared to other forklift towing attachments on the market. get more for your money by investing in a tool that is designed to last for years in even the harshest environments. 










tire cradles




universal tire cradles
liftnlock 2.0 patented tire cradle design have four independent rocker plates that automatically assist with gripping the tires of the vehicle when lifting, as well as keeping the vehicle secured during transport.










low profile design




low profile design
liftnlock’s new low profile design makes it easy to work with any vehicle, even newer vehicle models that have wide wheelbases, larger wheels, and lower ground clearance.










rugged spring tubes




rugged spring tubes
always “ready to go”, liftnlock 2.0 has rugged steel tubes with a spring inside, as well as a spring in the center tube to automatically re-center the tire cradle pivoting head to the “ready to go” position every time.










universal fork tubes




universal fork tubes
liftnlock 2.0 fits all standard sized forks measuring 42″ to 60″. we also have an optional shim package available to fine tune the fit on your pre-existing fork set for more lifting power!










recessed grease fittings




recessed grease fittings
liftnlock requires minimal maintenance! simply apply grease to the moving joints routinely and your liftnlock could last you for years. learn more about liftnlock maintenance.










auto centering pivot head


auto-centering pivot head
liftnlock 2.0 has a spring inside the center tube to automatically re-center the tire cradle pivoting head to the ready-to-go position.

















easy to operate








no hydraulics








patented design
















  the perfect tool for anyone who needs to move vehicles






the perfect tool for anyone who needs to move vehicles









body shops







dealerships







border patrol







municipals












junkyards







manufacturers







impounds







dealer auctions
















move vehicles easier than ever before
*excludes orders from hawaii and alaska 

order now



 








	location & hours



		lift n lock, llc
	

		3505 merriam drive
	

		overland park, ks 66203
	

		(913) 238-4157
	



		hours
	

		m-f: 8:00a - 5:00p cst
	


	support info

warranty information
shipping and returns
product maintenance
how to use
privacy policy

	customer service


(913) 238-4157
sales@liftnlockllc.com





contact us
my account
 




©2025 - lift n lock, llc
 | 
all rights reserved




web design by straight line web solutions
 

 
 
 




 















