






women in world history curriculum














welcome to
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							- womeninworldhistory.com -
women in world history curriculum's website

lyn reese is the author of all the information on this website
click for author information




this unique site is full of information and resources to help you learn about women’s history in a global context. here teachers, students, parents, history buffs, and the interested public can find information on the following topics. (permission is granted for the reproduction of information on this website by teachers for their classroom use only.)




twenty-one lessons aligned to commonly taught topics.

four thematic units, each with background essays, discussion questions, and primary source, art and web link activities.

biographies of women rulers, women who are considered heroes in their countries, influential women from selected eras, and women nobel peace prize winners.

thirteen historical background essays on selected topics. 

teaching women’s world history through the web

reviews
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								 video documentaries - initial review of the ascent of women 
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								 reviews of curriculum created for world history classes.
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								 book reviews of reference, statistics, anthologies, and general history books.
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								 historical mysteries which feature females who solve crimes.
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								 
q & a  providing answers to questions visitors have asked about women’s history.

information about us - who the director is and why this project began.

our store describes our sixteen curriculum units for middle, secondary, and higher learning levels. find description information, the table of contents, and at least one sample lesson for each. we only offer these curriculum units as downloadable pdf files. the pdf files are lower in price plus there are no shipping costs and immediate delivery once the purchase transaction is completed.  pdf file store




						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						please use our contact us button only for questions or
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						comments related to information you find on this website.
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						we are unable to answer general research questions.





fast links to online store
											(secure credit card ordering)



women in world history series





women's rights from past to present





women's work in industrial revolutions
muslim world | ancient near east
india | political women





spindle stories series





ancient egypt | classical athens | roman pompeii
renaissance florence | early feudal england
tang dynasty china | precolumbain guatemala | early feudal japan
african songhay & hausa kingdoms | 16th century ottoman turkey 




| home page | lessons | thematic units | biographies | essays |
reviews: | curriculum | books | historical mysteries |
									| q & a | pdf file store |
									| about us |
									©1996-2021
									women in world history curriculum







©1996-2021
									
									womeninworldhistory.com





categories



 lessons


 thematic units


 biographies


 essays


 reviews
											
											  video documentaries  new!
											
											  curriculum
											
											  books
											
											  historical mysteries


 q & a


online pdf file store


 about us
  site author info




search this site












iphone friendly!

add our icon to your
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
									
								iphone home screen


















