






fairfield county chapter of the ohio genealogical society
































 


skip to content









fairfield county chapter of the ohio genealogical society



home
calendar
societies
publications
research
library
membership
contact us
members only section




facebook







fairfield county genealogical society











the library is open. come in from the cold and do some research.

watch our latest video here showing all of the benefits to visiting the library for your research needs.  check out more information by visiting our library section on the main menu.


our mission:  to be the major resource for the preservation and promotion of family heritage in fairfield county, ohio.
fairfield county ogs is a non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation whose purpose is to provide educational opportunities. the chapter is supervised by a board made up of 5 officers and 6 elected committee chair. any one who has been a member for at least a year may run for an office or committee chair position. the chapter is sustained through membership dues, sales of publications, donations, and fund raising events.
general meetings are held the 3rd thursday of each month, beginning at 7:00 p.m. at the genealogy library. refreshments are served at 6:30 p.m. board meetings are held the 2nd thursday of each month at the genealogy library, beginning at noon. visitors are always welcome at the meetings. please see the calendar for program details.
our library, located at 503 lenwood dr in lancaster, is staffed solely by volunteers. see the library page for hours and information on collections.
if you are unable to visit our library, we do offer a research service. please see the research page.
the other pages provide information on our lineage societies, our numerous publications for sale, how to become a member, and how to contact us. if you are a member, our newsletters and other research items are found on the members only page.














	copyright © 2025 fairfield county chapter of the ohio genealogical society























