












home - ssina























































 
















search for:



 
media
contact




							login 
							







username
password
 

only fill in if you are not human











			forgot your password?		











home
about us

our members
our sponsors
products


public policy

international trade

section 232 steel program
section 301 program
trade agreements
steel overcapacity
trade cases


national security

specialty metals amendment
export controls
sanctions
critical materials


infrastructure
government procurement / buy america
environment and energy

climate change
eu “rohs” certification statement
specialty steel and california proposition 65


occupational health and safety


market data

import and export data


value propositions

sustainability
alternative energy
life cycle costing


major markets

appliance
transportation
aerospace and defense
energy
construction


education

corrosion

galvanic corrosion
intergranular corrosion
pitting and crevice corrosion
chloride stress corrosion cracking


fabrication

care and use in shop
descaling stainless steel
passivation


product resources

alloy families
alloying elements
product forms


structural design

design data


technical resources

stainless steel production
composition/properties
standards


training
library
glossary


media
contact
login
media
contact
 








public policy
a strong specialty metals industry and a strong domestic manufacturing base are critical to our country’s economic success as well as our national security.



market data
due to the high value of specialty metals, import trade data is constantly monitored to insure those products are fairly traded.


sustainability
if the correct specialty metal is selected and properly maintained, it will last the life of the project.













public policy
 ssina joins steel industry organizations to underscore the importance of accurate and timely steel import data 
 on september 12, 2024, ssina joined a group of steel industry organizations, representing a broad cross-section of the united states steel industry and its workers, to express the industry’s gratitude to u.s. department of commerce international trade administration for its ongoing commitment to monitoring steel import data. this monitoring is a vital step to ensuring […] 
 september 16, 2024 




public policy
 ssina submits comments comments of the specialty steel industry of north america (ssina) regarding u.s. customs and border protection’s proposed revision to entry summary 
 on april 24, 2024 ssina submitted comments to the u.s. customs and border protection office of trade, regulations and rulings urge u.s. customs and border protect (cbp) to adopt its proposed modification to cbp form 7501 with regard to steel imports. ssina strongly supports the proposed revision to form 7501 to add a new data […] 
 april 29, 2024 




public policy
 ssina submits comments regarding measures to advance supply chain resiliency in the u.s. specialty metals industry 
 on april 22, 2024, ssina submitted comments in support of the office of the united states trade representative’s (“ustr”) efforts to promote resilient supply chains. ssina’s comments focused on two key issues: (1) the competitiveness of u.s. producers in the u.s. and global markets; and (2) the importance of balanced and resilient supply chains for […] 
 april 29, 2024 










designing stainless steel structures is now a lot easier!

stainless steel has a well-established track record for a wide range of structural applications—large and small, aesthetic and utilitarian—in different sectors of the construction industry. entrance structures to commercial buildings, barriers, and cladding support systems are typical applications, as well as industrial structures such as platforms and equipment supports. 
the publication of the first u.s. design specification for hot rolled, welded and hollow structural stainless steel sections, ansi/aisc 370 specification for structural stainless steel buildings at the end of 2021, along with its companion specification covering trade practices, aisc 313 code of standard practice for structural stainless steel buildings, removes a significant obstacle to the wider use of structural stainless steel.



              read more            






                major markets 
            






appliances





transportation





aerospace & defense





energy





construction






did you know?






stainless steel is 100% recyclable
the metal’s high scrap value and recyclability ensures that it is diverted from landfills and recaptured for use in new stainless steel. a recent international study by the issf determined that about 92% of the stainless steel used in architecture, building and construction applications is recaptured and recycled at the end of service.
sustainability







nickel increase ductility and toughness
nickel is the essential allying element in the 300 series stainless steel grades. the presence of nickel results in the formation of an “austenitic” structure that gives these grades their strength, ductility and toughness, even at cryogenic temperatures. it also makes the material non-magnetic. while the
alloying elements







stainless making energy production cleaner
a variety of solar technologies have been developed to take advantage of the sun’s natural energy. this exciting area holds tremendous promise and new innovations are continuing to emerge. these technologies use corrosion resistant stainless steels for the production of raw materials and for solar energy production.   
alternative energy





















holder
about us 

industry
public policymarket data 

specialty metals
value propositionsmajor marketseducation 

mediacontact 









				the specialty steel industry of north america (ssina) and the individual companies it represents have made every effort to ensure that the information presented in this website is technically correct. however, 
				neither the ssina nor its member companies warrants the accuracy of the information contained in this website or its suitability for any general and specific use, and assumes no liability or responsibility of any 
				kind in connection with the use of this information. the reader is advised that the material contained herein should not be used or relied on for any specific or general applications without first securing competent
				advice.
			














































