














home page - the christian index

































 log in
subscribe

              about us            

              advertise            

              contact us            



february 15, 2025























43° f
light rain and fog/mist








          the voice of georgia baptists since 1822
        











advanced search













toggle navigation





          main menu        
















                    georgia                                      









                    nation                                      









                    world                                      









                    baptist life                                      









                    business                                      









                    sports                                      









                    perspectives                     







editorial


columns



editorial


columns






                    classifieds                     







place a classified



place a classified














log in
subscribe














































top stories






								after serving his country, severely wounded iraq war vet now serves his savior							


							villa rica, ga. — joe dan worley recently spoke to a sunday school class of senior adults and explained how his faith in jesus christ sustained him in a fierce battle in iraq during the war on terror.						

 




trending stories



commentary: lessons learned at an alabama funeral




why would god send a bear to maul children?




federal judge pauses president trump's order restricting gender-reassignment treatment for youths




obituary: warren carl fields, music ministry leader, dies at 88




hamas says it will free 3 more hostages, a move which could resolve its ceasefire dispute with israel




after serving his country, severely wounded iraq war vet now serves his savior



























pleasant grove's neighborhood of hope ministers to those that have lost everything

							bowman, ga. — across the street from pleasant grove baptist church in bowman stand five tiny houses filled with stories of heartache and tragedy. pleasant grove hopes to use the buildings to turn them into stories of hope and recovery.						









pressley talks about building up, moving forward in bp interview

							charlotte, n.c. (bp) – it’s 6:45 a.m., and clint pressley is already getting loud in the shed. the correct nomenclature is, actually, the shed. it’s a modest structure behind his home wall-to-wall with barbells, weights, and racks collected over years, anywhere from garage sales to facebook marketplace.						









fbc statesboro cares for its members' physical well-being as well as their spiritual health

							statesboro, ga. — this summer, first baptist church statesboro will celebrate 40 years of caring for members through its church nursing ministry. initially staffed by a part-time nurse in july 1985 supported by love offerings, it became a full-time budgeted ministry in 1997.						









georgia baptists hear encouragement, exhortation at pastors day at the capitol

							atlanta — georgia baptist pastors and ministry leaders gathered at the state capitol on thursday for a time of prayer, encouragement, and education.						









georgia baptist ministry wives pampered and encouraged at retreat

							buford, ga. — the pastor wellness ministry of the georgia baptist mission board welcomed the wives of more than 230 ministry leaders to lanier islands legacy lodge in buford last month for a retreat designed specifically to cater to their needs. the ladies gathered on jan. 23-25 to be renewed and fed spiritually, emotionally, and physically.						




 






















baptist life

conclave conference draws nearly 800 participants to chattanooga




							chattanooga, tenn. — nearly 800 youth ministers and spouses from 21 different states attended this year’s three-day conclave conference in chattanooga last month.						



				read more baptist life stories				




















investment in bivocational pastor pays dividends at kentucky church
louisville, ky. (kt) — investing in young men in ministry carries great rewards — as evidenced by what has happened at first baptist church fairdale. more than a decade ago, senior pastor josh greene met a young student in ministry, jake beattie, and that relationship resulted in a blessing for both men as well as the church.








erlc files amicus brief supporting south carolina’s effort to defund planned parenthood
washington (bp) – the ethics & religious liberty commission filed an amicus brief monday, feb. 10, in a supreme court case which will decide the fate of south carolina’s effort to defund planned parenthood by barring abortion clinics in the state from participating in medicaid programs.








sbc ec ‘making substantive progress’ as it prepares for february meeting
nashville (bp) – at its annual february meeting next week in nashville, the sbc executive committee will continue to take action on numerous motions proposed by messengers at the 2024 sbc annual meeting in indianapolis.








pastor's wife: starting with a question
the story of philip and the ethiopian eunuch in acts 8 may seem like an old story, but if we take a fresh look at it, we can see it is a reminder of how god draws us to him. his goal is for everyone  …















































georgia





brunswick now nation’s top port for roll-on/roll-off cargo

atlanta – the port of brunswick has supplanted baltimore as the nation’s busiest port for autos and heavy equipment.




regents approve first ai degree program


				atlanta – the university system of georgia is responding to the rapid growth of artificial technology with a new degree program.			











state lifts poultry suspension after bird flu outbreak


				atlanta  — the state department of agriculture has lifted a suspension of poultry activities in georgia following the successful completion of testing for bird flu with no additional detections.			











a judge won't order a new election in a georgia state house district despite ballot errors


				atlanta (ap) — a georgia state house member won't face a new election after a judge ruled there wasn't enough evidence to prove voters who received the wrong ballots swayed the race's outcome.			






			more georgia news			








nation





texas judge fines new york doctor for prescribing abortion pills to a woman near dallas

albany, n.y. (ap) — a texas judge on thursday ordered a new york doctor to pay more than $100,000 in penalties for prescribing abortion pills to a woman near dallas, a ruling that could test “shield laws” in democratic-controlled states where abortion is legal.









federal judge pauses president trump's order restricting gender-reassignment treatment for youths


				baltimore (ap) — a federal judge on thursday temporarily blocked president donald trump’s recent executive order aimed at restricting gender-reassignment treatments for people under age 19.			











trump wants denuclearization talks with russia and china, hopes for defense spending cuts


				washington (ap) — president donald trump said thursday that he wants to restart nuclear arms control talks with russia and china and that eventually he hopes all three countries could agree to cut their massive defense budgets in half.			











trump says he and putin have agreed to begin talks on ending the war in ukraine


				washington (ap) — president donald trump said wednesday that he and russian leader vladimir putin had agreed to begin negotiations on ending the war un ukraine following a sudden prisoner swap.			






			read more national news			








world





hamas says it will free 3 more hostages, a move which could resolve its ceasefire dispute with israel

cairo (ap) — hamas said thursday it would go ahead with the release of three more israeli hostages, paving the way toward resolving a major dispute over the ceasefire deal in the gaza strip.









israel threatens 'all hell will break loose' on terrorist group hamas in latest gaza ceasefire crisis


				jerusalem (ap) — israel’s defense minister on wednesday vowed that “all hell will break loose” on hamas if it fails to free hostages this weekend as planned, stepping up threats against the terrorist group as mediators worked to salvage their ceasefire.			











us defense chief hegseth calls nato membership for ukraine unrealistic


				brussels (ap) — u.s. defense secretary pete hegseth said nato membership for ukraine was unrealistic and in sweeping remarks suggested that the way forward for ukraine was for the country to abandon hopes of a return to its pre-2014 borders and prepare for a negotiated settlement with russia — one that should be backed up with an international force of troops.			











australian hospital examines patient records after nurse claims to have killed israelis


				melbourne, australia (ap) — an australian hospital is examining patient records after a nurse claimed online to have killed israelis, officials said wednesday, stressing that no evidence of harm to patients was uncovered.			






			read more world news			












perspectives






commentary: lessons learned at an alabama funeral
i always learn something when i go to a funeral service, a memorial service, a celebration of life service. it certainly helps me to get in touch with my mortality; and most of the time, gives me a glimpse of eternity.








commentary: reaching our foreign-born neighbors
i had an interesting experience a few days ago while eating at a mexican restaurant with a kbc pastor in one of our kentucky counties.  as is my custom, i learned the name of our server and offered to pray for her. the pastor already knew her and was doing his best to communicate in her native tongue.








commentary: the next best thing
the best thing that could ever happen to you is to come to a saving knowledge of jesus christ. to be certain that your sins have been forgiven and that your names are written in the lamb’s book of life.








commentary: four proven practices of transformational teachers
bible teachers are not just transferring information from leader to learner—they are the lead disciple-maker of the group. teachers that make the biggest impact through teaching are men and women of god who understand that their role extends beyond the one hour teaching experience once a week.








commentary: the portrait of a healthy church planter
at send network, we’re driven by one mission: helping churches plant churches everywhere for everyone. it’s not just what we do—it’s who we are. together, as a family of churches, we’re joining god in his redemptive work to expand his kingdom in north america and the nations.





			read more perspectives			














business





us inflation worsens slightly as the cost of groceries and gasoline increase

washington (ap) — u.s. inflation increased slightly last month as the cost of groceries, gas, and used cars rose, a disappointment for families and businesses struggling with higher costs and likely underscoring the federal reserve's resolve to delay any further interest rate cuts.









coca-cola reverses sales volume slide, sending revenue up 6% in the fourth quarter


				coca-cola said tuesday it's confident it can mitigate the trump administration's tariffs on aluminum by shifting its suppliers, relying more heavily on plastic bottles and other tools.			











us employers added just 143,000 jobs last month, jobless rate slips to 4%


				washington (ap) — u.s. employers added just 143,000 jobs last month, but the jobless rate slipped to 4% to start 2025 and the government revised november and december payrolls higher.			











us postal service flip-flops on hong kong-china packages, lifting a ban imposed a day earlier


				hong kong (ap) — the u.s. postal service is reversing course a day after placing a ban on all inbound mail and packages from china and hong kong. the post office announced tuesday that it would no longer accept parcels from china and hong kong after the u.s. imposed an additional 10% tariff on chinese goods and ended a customs exception that allowed small value parcels to enter the u.s. without paying tax.			











waffle house adds surcharge to eggs as massive bird flu outbreak leads to soaring prices


				new york (ap) — the waffle house restaurant chain is putting a 50 cent per egg surcharge in place temporarily due to the biggest bird flu outbreak in a decade. the georgia company said that the resulting egg shortage has led to a dramatic increase in its costs.			






			read more business news			








sports





mvp ronald acuña and 20-game winner spencer strider both making progress for return with braves

north port, fla. (ap) — braves star outfielder ronald acuña jr. took batting practice at spring training thursday, and right-hander spencer strider has already thrown a side session this week at their florida camp.









baseball welcomes another season, with most pitchers and catchers reporting wednesday


				there's a new no. 2 in the new york yankees' rotation behind gerrit cole. a familiar face is getting a fresh start leading the cincinnati reds. meanwhile, shohei ohtani and co. already have their title defense underway.			











monty the giant schnauzer wins westminster dog show


				new york (ap) — this time, the giant schnauzer went the full monty. after coming close in the last two years, monty the giant schnauzer won the top prize at the westminster kennel club dog show tuesday night, leaving handler and co-owner katie bernardin almost too emotional to speak.			











nba adds atlanta's trae young, dallas' kyrie irving to all-star game as injury replacements


				atlanta guard trae young is headed to the nba all-star game after all, and dallas guard kyrie irving has been picked once again as well.			






			read more sports news			





















            4295 brogdon exchange suwanee, ga 30024-3980
770-936-5599









sections


                    georgia                  
                    nation                  
                    world                  
                    baptist life                  
                     business                  
                    sports                  
                    perspectives                  
                    classifieds                  
 



services

about us
advertise
contact us



donate






          © copyright 2025 the christian index | 
          copyright/terms of use


powered by creative circle media solutions








