






viking tours of newport | newport wedding & trolley tours




































































 







facebookinstagramquote requests

charters, meetings & private tours
weddings
guide & receptive services


purchase tickets
google review
newport's most popular tours & transportation since 1962 | (401) 847-6921 







































home
trolley tours

daily newport trolley tours
special touring options
newport cruise ship tours
general faqs


wedding trolley

newport wedding resources
viking wedding wire
viking the knot


group bus charters
newport tour guides
blog
about us

testimonials


contact us
jobs
quote requests

charters, meetings & private tours
weddings
guide & receptive services


purchase tickets
search




menu


menu

 




daily trolley toursscenic newport and newport’s grand mansions
experience newportan affordable, informative and comfortable way to see newport
newport guidesfor over 50 years
previousnext123

trolley tours in newportwe’re back newport! covid-19 may have slowed us down but we are back on the road showing visitors our great city! since 1962, viking tours has been newport’s most popular and award winning tours of newport!
buy trolley tour tickets



trolley toursenjoy day trips around newport and surrounding areas that include museums, sailing, shopping, dining… read more

cruise ship passengers
photo: jaime nelson

newport wedding trolleyour wedding trolley captures the bygone era of newport’s grand victorian days, updated with modern conveniences… read more

 newport wedding trolley


contact ussince our beginning in 1962, viking tours has consistently provided customers with the finest in reliable, quality transportation… read more

view tour packages

2023 trolley tours and schedule
below you will find an easy to read, comprehensive schedule of viking tours newport trolley tours and the rates associated with each tour. you will further find season black out dates and the normal schedule on which all the tours are based. public tours leave from the newport transportation center at bus platform #3 (formerly the gateway visitor center), 23 america’s cup avenue (next to the marriott hotel).
for ada passengers- some of our trolleys have ada compliant lifts and we always try to run at least one tour a day with a wheelchair lift. we do not allow mobile scooters on the trolley due to the weight and space within each trolley. we only allow foldable wheelchairs onto the trolley. you may call our office at 401-847-6921 to check on the tours with wheel chair lifts or ask any additional questions you may have about the tour. if you or a fellow passenger in your party are in need of ada assistance, please book you planned tour ahead of time within 48 hours so we can make arrangements and accommodate your needs the day of your tour.
please note – tickets are available online, bowens wharf pilot house and coastal queen harbor cruise dock
for information regarding parking rates at the newport transportation center click here.


larger groups may arrange for private tours by contacting our charters & meetings department.


view schedule




we used viking tours for our transportation from our hotel room to our venue for our august 2019 wedding in portsmouth, ri. kirtley was a pleasure to work with. she was attentive to my questions prior to my wedding day. the drivers were reliable, on time and friendly. the vehicles were nice and clean. would highly recommend viking tours for your transportation needs!
nancy sreviewed on 10/27/2019
viking trolley was absolutely perfect for our wedding day. we had sort of a complicated schedule for the driver going back and forth between the hotel and venue throughout the morning, afternoon, and evening, but viking trolley stuck to our timeline flawlessly. our driver was so kind, fun, and helpful throughout the day and he really went above and beyond, making sure we and our guests were safely and timely transported back and forth.
for anyone booking viking trolley during covid, they were phenomenal at adhering to the regulations and making sure everyone felt safe. all of our planning was so easy with viking and the day of could not have gone more smoothly.
averyreviewed on 09/21/2020
we had a smaller wedding at king park in newport ri and the trolley was perfect for transporting all 20 of us from the hotel to the ceremony to photo ops then dinner and back. our driver took great care of us and went above and beyond to make sure our experience was perfect. he even suggested a great little place out of the wind to take pictures after the ceremony and was able to transport our photographer where he needed to go after everything was done. we highly recommend viking tours for anyone in need of a trolley service at a reasonable price. we also recommend jim as a driver. he always had a smile on his face and helped every guest on and off the trolley. the only issue we saw appeared to be mechanical with the air conditioner and only affected jim. it had a lot of water in it and would splash out during some turns. poor jim got a little wet but it didn’t affect any of us or our experience.
michellereviewed on 09/27/2019
we hired viking tours for transportation for our wedding in mystic, connecticut, and could not be happier with the experience. kirtley was responsive, professional and a pleasure to work with – everything we were looking for in vendors for our wedding. we rented two coach buses for our guests and the wedding trolley for our wedding party. we got tons of compliments from our guests on the quality of the buses as well as the professionalism of the drivers. the trolley was beautiful and made for excellent pictures and we were even able to have a champagne toast on the trolley following the ceremony. all around a great experience and a great value. we highly recommend viking tours and kirtley in particular!!
seanreviewed on 09/01/2016
previousnext

view more testimonials
leave us a google review
leave us a trip advisor review



purchase tickets today securely online

questions about tickets?click or call: (401) 847-6921

viking tours of newportseasonal tour schedule

 

  

 
providing the best in touring and transportation since 1962. viking tours of newport provides trolley tours in and around newport’s museums, sailing, beaches, shopping, dining and other attractions. private, wedding and corporate tours also available.
contact us | call us at (401) 847-6921 | purchase tickets | visit us

© 2025 all rights reserved viking tours of newport & newport trolley tours
po box 330 newport, ri 02840 | fax: (401) 848-5773
sitemap | website design by zevon media, llc






scroll to top


























