

  





ministrypower.com – the web's leading provider of bible based powerpoint games and resources!































skip to content



 








ministrypower.com

home

buzz
support
contact-us
search mp.com


powerpoint games

all games
newest games
crowdbreakers
bible drill games
bible trivia games
children and awana
games for girls
games for guys
gameshow games
secular games
timed games
tv/movie parody


collection sales

games collections

games collection 1
games collection 2
games collection 3
games collection 4
games collection 5
games collection 6
games collection 7
games collection 8
games collection 9
games collection 10
games collection 11


games and media collections

games and media collection 1
games and media collection 2
games and media collection 3
games and media collection 4
games and media collection 5
games and media collection 6
games and media collection 7
games and media collection 8
games and media collection 9
games and media collection 10


all you can eat
appetizer
collection bundles


 

main menu 
 







ministrypower.com has been providing quality bible based powerpoint games resources now for more than 20 years! below you will find links to all of our award-winning products! all of our games are quick to use and editable for personalization. everything we have is available for instant download after ordering. once you order, you will receive both a download page and a download e-mail. please note – when you add any items to the shopping cart – the cart will be at the bottom of your screen. 
https://retrokitchenappliances.net/
featured sales:
games for children collectionall of our children and awana games - 12 games - at a great price! these games are written and field tested with children and are fully editable for continued use! download instantly after ordering!  price: $29.95
half-off for a limited time: 
all you can eat collectionthis download provides you with two years of multimedia resources! 
a value of over $900 if you were to download everything separately!
download information: 
 
100 games
800 quality backgrounds
96 announcement slides
96 lesson slide sets
16 sermons
4 mega talk lessons
 
enough multimedia resources for over two years of ministry!
to see more detail about what is in this download look at the games and media collections 1-8.

price: $299.95
sale: $149.95
please note that the download file size is 336 mb in size! 
  price: $149.95price: $299.00 
the appetizer for downloadthe appetizer compilation cd contains a hearty sample of everything we offer here at mp. a great cd to start with! only $19.95!  price: $19.95
all of our product categories:
newest powerpoint gamesclick here for our newest games!all powerpoint gameshere is a master list of every game we have!crowdbreaker powerpoint gamesthese games help your group to deepen fellowship and learn more about each other - in a fun and engaging way!gameshow powerpoint gamesthese games allow your group to live out the experience of participating in a familiar gameshow!secular powerpoint gamesthese games are clean and fun and are not based on the bible. bible drill powerpoint gamesget your group racing through the bible and improving their use of god's word with these fun games!powerpoint games for girlsthese games have been especially designed for the ladies!powerpoint games for guysthese games have been especially designed for the men!tv/movie parody powerpoint gamesthese games tie-in to popular tv shows or movies making for an engaging way to learn the bible.bible trivia powerpoint gamesthese games offer creative trivia to learn more about the bible in a fun way!children and awana powerpoint gameseffective with children, these games reinforce the lessons taught in awana and church bible drill classes. timed powerpoint gamesthese games will have your group racing against the clock to engage in competitive learning!mega-talkswith these sermon resources, we have done all the work for you! plus tons of extras to help you teach god's word!

mega talk lessons contain the following:

1) powerpoint presentation of the lesson
2) reproducible student note sheets
3) leader's guide with illustrations and lesson helps
4) a powerpoint game (for most lessons)talksthese talks are great for use anytime. they are fully editable and customizable for your convenience. the title screens and logos are not editable. these talks contain the powerpoint files onlylesson slideswith these professional lesson slide images, we give you the lesson images, you provide the entire talk. professional backgroundsthese professional backgrouds are useful for worship, sermons, or anything!announcement slidesspice up your announcements with these professional made announcement slide collections!all you can eat collectionthis cd provides you with two years of multimedia resources! 

a value of over $900 if you were to download everything separately!

cd information:

100 games
800 quality backgrounds
96 announcement slides
96 lesson slide sets
16 sermons
4 mega talk lessons

enough multimedia resources for over two years of ministry!

to see more detail about what is on this cd look at the deluxe collections 1-8the appetizer collection (sampler)the appetizer compilation cd/download contains a hearty sample of everything we offer here at mp. a great cd to start with!the games and media collectionsthe games and media collections contain 12 games, 100 backgrounds, 10 lesson slides, 10 announcement slides, 1 moving background, and 1 mega talk for only $49.95! (a $115.00 value)the games collectionsthe games collections contain 12 games at a discounted price!collection bundlescheck out these economical bundles to get a ton of resources for the best price! 



shopping cartitems in your cartyour cart is empty 



 

posterity wordpress theme 

 






6 month rental agreement florida widerruf telekom vertrag muster werkvertrag abnahme definition was sind a b c muster vertragsmuster datenbank vertrag zeitarbeitsfirma vertrag vattenfall kündigen vertrag kohle und stahl verdienstbescheinigung musterschreiben rifvertrag wann kann ich meinen vertrag bei der telekom verlängern telekom vertrag konto ändern telekom handy vertragsverlängerung handy tarifvertrag tv-l e4 tarifvertrag nahverkehr sachsen 2017 tarifvertrag kautschuk ost tarifvertrag elektrohandwerk bayern entgeltgruppen 2017 tarifvertrag chemie entgelttabelle 2018 e6 tarifvertrag ausbildung systemgastronomie tarifvertrag öffentlicher dienst übertragung beamte nrw 












