





armenian genocide




















featured article:

after taner akcam's
news: a message from holdwater






        "if there’s something wrong, those who have the ability to take action have the
        responsibility to take action."

thomas jefferson, u.s. declaration of independence, as paraphrased* by nicolas cage's
        character in the film, national treasure. in other words, it is the duty of honorable and
        truthful parties (particularly legitimate historians and journalists) to right the racist
        harm caused by deceptive armenian propaganda (also bearing in mind the words of andrew
        jackson, regarding the unscrupulous activist armenians and their "genocide
        scholar" allies: "you are a den of vipers and thieves and i intend to rout you
        out, and by the eternal god, i will rout you out.").

(*jefferson's words: "“but when a long train of abuses and
        usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under
        absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such government, and
        to provide new guards for their future security.” thanks to umit.)








 
supporting the
      case against the armenian genocide myth with mostly impartial evidence
 










home


first page


background


scenario


end-of-argument


 


sections


quotes


thoughts


census


questions


reviews


major players


letters


cumulative


search


links & misc.








comment


mahmut ozan


edward tashji


sam weems


others








 




for many years in american media, the indian
                      was portrayed as the savage "bad guy." certainly, native americans
                      hardly had anyone speaking on their behalf, and it was natural for the public
                      to unquestioningly accept a one-sided version of events. finally, as the
                      indisputable truth became reported more and more (especially following
                      the1960s publication of bury my heart at wounded knee), the real
                      version of this historical conflict became widely accepted. ironically, the
                      formerly accepted "good guy" side was revealed to have been the
                      actual dishonorable ones (having broken every treaty) and the ones
                      significantly engaged in heartless slaughters, coupled with, at times,
                      campaigns of systematic extermination.

                      for nearly a century, the western world has wholeheartedly accepted that there
                      has been an attempt by the ottoman turks to systematically destroy the
                      armenian people, comparable to what the nazis committed upon the jews during
                      world war ii. many armenians who have settled in america, europe and australia
                      (along with other parts of the world, known as "the armenian
                      diaspora") have clung to the tragic events of so long ago as a form of
                      ethnic identity, and have considered it their duty to perpetuate this myth,
                      with little regard for facts... at the same time breeding hatred among their
                      young. as descendants of the merchant class from the ottoman empire, armenians
                      have been successful in acquiring the wealth and power to make their voices
                      heard... and they have made good use of the "christian" connection
                      to gain the sympathies of westerners who share their religion and prejudices.

                      turks characteristically shun propaganda, and have chosen not to dwell on the
                      tragedies of the past, forging ahead to build upon brotherhood — not hate.
                      this is why the horrifying massacres committed upon the turks, kurds and other
                      ottoman muslims by armenians have seldom been heard. when such reports are
                      heard, westerners can be callously dismissive... turkish lives are apparently
                      as meaningless to them as indian lives were to most early americans.

                      (the following is an excerpt from dr. leon picon, reviewing the book,
                      "the armenian file"):



how successfully the turks could have warded off the
                      resultant stigma through counter-propaganda will never be known. but it is
                      certain that in 1922 sultan mohammed vl put it quite succinctly and pointedly,
                      when he told the american writer e. alexander powell:

“if we sent one, your newspapers and periodicals would not publish an
                      article written by a turk, if they published it, your people would not read
                      it, if they read it, they would not believe it. even if we sent a qualified
                      person to america, to convey to you in your language, the turkish point of
                      view, would he find an impartial audience?” [gurun, file, p. 37]


                      it's amazing that whenever the "armenian genocide" is referred to in
                      western media, journalists seem to fall all over themselves in presenting the
                      perspective totally from the armenian propaganda machinery. whenever there is
                      an attempt to present "the other side," the passage is usually
                      preceded by "the turkish government claims..." keeping
                      in mind we all know how dishonest spokespeople from any government can be.
                      (and reinforcing the erroneous view that only the turkish government objects
                      to the armenian version of history.)



 





"a
              lie travels round the world while truth is putting on her boots" (used by c.h. sturgeon, famed english preacher
              of the 19th century)



no person of turkish heritage would accept what the turkish
          government has to say about this issue, as the final word. just like no person of armenian
          heritage should care about what the armenian side has to say. what every person needs to
          do is look at the facts. if there were real proof of government- sponsored evil
          planned against the armenians, a people who peacefully lived with and prospered beside the
          turks for over five centuries, it would be turks crying out against such horrors before
          most everyone else... one's humanity and integrity should ideally supersede loyalty to
          one's ethnic tribe.

          what dr. joseph goebbels, nazi minister of propaganda, swore by is unfortunately very
          true: if you tell a lie... especially a big lie... enough times, people will believe it.
          the often told "armenian genocide" tale... a tale told hardly with any
          opposition in nations sympathetic to the "christian" armenians... has been so
          ingrained within people's belief systems that any attempt to shed light on the actual
          truth is often violently rejected. why, everyone knows those turks were bloodthirsty
          savages!





"give
              a lie twenty-four hours start, and it will take a hundred years to overtake
              it." (c.f. dixon-johnson,
              british author of the 1916 book, "the armenians," appalled over the
              deceitful practices of his book's subject.)















"when
                      the legend becomes fact, print the legend." (from "the man who
                      shot liberty valance,"
                      as pointed out in robert wuhl's comedic history tv show.)
                      in other words, the "armenian genocide" myth has now been so drilled
                      into our heads, even intellectuals are brainwashed, unable to summon critical
                      thought. the genocide legend must now be sustained, and this legend keeps
                      seeing print.



this web site will present evidence — mostly from
                  western sources (not easy to supply, as few westerners cared about seeking out the
                  truth back then... a situation which has barely improved with the passage of the
                  years) — in as impartial a way as possible*, so that visitors can make up their
                  own minds. (assuming, of course, that the visitor is not beyond hope and not
                  totally brainwashed, like most genocide-obsessed armenians and their supporters...
                  everything is a "lie" with them, no matter what the source.) was there
                  an armenian genocide? none of us who are rational and reasonable can say with
                  absolute certainty. however, all we can rely on are cold, hard facts. certainly,
                  armenians were killed as a result of massacres... often by their muslim neighbors,
                  in reprisal for the murderous acts committed by the armenians (when they sided
                  with the russian enemy in hopes of carving out their own independence); but
                  anybody who calls acts of massacres a "genocide" doesn't know the
                  meaning of the word. (at least the way most of us perceive the meaning, as with
                  what hitler did to the jews; the legal definition of genocide is essentially
                  meaningless, and can be applied to almost any conflict.) if a genocide is how you
                  like to describe what happened to the armenians, then you need to refer to what
                  american soldiers committed in my lai as a "genocide."

ironically, if anyone acted
                genocidally, with the intention of systematically wiping out people because
                of their ethnic or religious identity, it was the people who are traditionally
                accepted as the victims of this conflict. another irony is that while armenians have
                been doing their utmost to portray turks as nazis (in an effort to equate themselves
                with holocaust victims, the one group best known to have fallen prey to genocide),
                turks did their best to save jews during world war ii... while european armenians
                actively supported the nazi cause.

                since the turkish perspective is attempting to undo nearly ninety years (and well
                beyond) of the unopposed one-sided view that has permeated western minds, also
                having to contend with charges of "revisionism" and "denial"...
                defensiveness unfairly becomes part of the picture. while the aim of this site is to
                present mostly impartial views to get people to question what they have unthinkingly
                accepted, what this entails is that the turks are put in the uncomfortable position
                of having to prove a negative — a difficult, if not impossible task... on the
                order of attempting to prove god does not exist. the issues are whether there was a
                state directed policy of extermination (that is, genocide... with the provision that
                there must be intent — backed up by tangible, no-buts-about-it evidence —
                as defined by the 1948 united nations rule... and also whether armenians constituted
                a political group, unprotected by another article from the u.n. convention on
                genocide)... and whether the armenians and other minorities were the sole victims of
                massacres.





"(this)
              one-sided and unreliable information (about any people) after a long period of
              unchallenged time, would create hostility and hatred that would not be easily
              overcome.” (cyrus
              hamlin, co-founder of the american missionary college in istanbul [robert
              college], opining on anti-turkish propaganda, late 19th-century.) 



if anyone is familiar with the 1957 movie "twelve
          angry men" (based on a television play, starring henry fonda and lee j. cobb...
          later remade with jack lemmon and george c. scott)... you might remember how eleven jurors
          accepted at the outset the "obvious" guilt of the young man on trial,
          perpetuated by the race of the accused. the message of the film was that things are not
          always what they seem... and the henry fonda character, through logic and facts, turned
          around the opinions of each of his co-jurors. quite a task lay before him, since the other
          co-jurors were motivated by other factors instead of the pertinent one at hand (i.e.,
          justice), but ultimately truth prevailed... as will inevitably occur one day with the
          armenian "genocide," once people put their prejudices aside, and look at the
          validity of the evidence offered on both sides. we are now in the first fifteen minutes of
          the movie, and the turks are in the henry fonda role... and the armenians are in the lee
          j. cobb role. (the one difference in the way our play will work out is that most armenians
          will never accept that there was no genocide... as the genocide has become too much a
          reason for the armenians' existence, and facts become irrelevant, or conveniently
          altered.)

          innocent until proved guilty beyond reasonable doubt should be the legal principle at work
          here, and ideally it should not be up to the turks to prove that they did not commit
          genocide but for armenians and their turk-hating supporters to prove that the turks did.
          this "trial" has already historically taken place, as you will soon see... and
          the resulting "acquittal" hasn't made any difference in the eyes of those who
          will condemn the turks, regardless of the facts.


(*regarding impartiality: this refers to most of the
          supporting documents presented on this site, particularly those from western sources...
          since anyone with a western background can safely be assumed not to have been raised with
          a love for turks; after all, does the western society exist that favors a glowing image of
          turkey? my own writings [i'm holdwater, by the way;
          glad to meet you] are often not impartially written... however, if you can prove to me
          that there definitely was an armenian genocide, you would find me changing my tune pretty
          fast. can you say the same about yourself, if you begin to be convinced what you have been
          led to believe all this time has mainly been a lie?)




"...eventually,
              like it always does, the truth will emerge.  and when it does, this house of
              cards, built of deceit, will fall." us senator robert byrd, senate floor remarks
              - may 21, 2003






before you go on,
                at your own speed...
... i'd like you to visit the following three
                pages. first, take a look at a brief background as to what went on, in an american professor's
                words... followed by an important scenario,
                the link for which is also provided at the bottom of the "background"
                page. last, you'll be guided to what should be the often ignored end-all argument.
 




"condemnation
              without hearing both sides is unjust and un-american"
arthur tremaine chester, "angora and the
              turks," the new york times current history, feb.1923






 




"believing
              armenophile publicity 'exaggerated, misconstructed, and abusive,' [admiral] bristol
              in early 1920 told [rev.] barton... that it was contrary to the american sense
              of fair play to kick a man when he was down and give him a chance to defend
              himself."
joseph l. grabill, "protestant diplomacy and the
              near east: missionary influence on american policy, 1810-1927," 1971, p. 264







"...matter sent
              to the papers by their correspondents in turkey is biased against the turks. this
              implies an injustice against which even a criminal on trial is protected."
gordon bennett, publisher, the new
york herald, circa 1915





 





"no englishman
              worthy of the name would condemn a prisoner on the evidence of the prosecution alone,
              without first hearing the evidence for the defence."
c.f. dixon-johnson, british author, from
              his 1916 book, "the armenians."



 



"there is no
              crime without evidence. a genocide cannot be written about in the absence of factual
              proof." 
henry r. huttenbach, history professor who
              appears to support the armenian viewpoint exclusively, as do... curiously... nearly
              all so-called "genocide scholars"; the genocide forum, 1996, no. 9




 





"it is... time
              that americans ceased to be deceived by (armenian) propaganda in behalf of policies
              which are... nauseating..."
john dewey, columbia
              university professor, "the turkish tragedy,"  the
new republic, nov. 1928






edward r. murrow, journalist with integrity, from his "see
          it now" cbs-tv broadcast of march 9, 1954, commenting on the "takeover"
          of the usa by the witch-hunting senator joseph mccarthy... in words that could easily
          defend today's "genocide deniers":

we must not confuse dissent with disloyalty. we must remember always that accusation is
          not proof and that conviction depends upon evidence and due process of law. we ... are not
          descended from fearful men— not from men who feared to write, to speak, to associate and
          to defend causes that were, for the moment, unpopular.

          in what may be applied to the wide and mindless acceptance of the "armenian
          genocide," this great thinker also said ("this i believe," 1951):

except for those who think in terms of pious platitudes or dogma or narrow prejudice...
          people don’t speak their beliefs easily, or publicly.




"unfortunately, if something is shouted loud enough, there are
          always those who believe it..." (addendum:
          two thought-provoking and paraphrased quotes from the movie, spider-man 3, the
          first from aunt may, who could have been addressing the armenians: "uncle ben
          wouldn't want us to live for one second with revenge on our hands to poison us and turn us
          into something ugly." second, from peter parker, who could have been addressing
          the mindless many who accept pro-armenian claims at face value: "it's the
          choices that make us who we are, and we can always choose to do what's right.")


comments showcasing genocide advocates' disrespect toward the science
          of objective history and the necessity for "revisionism" as better facts come
          along are expressed on the nose with this excerpt from the sept. 18, 2006 newsweek
          magazine's letters section, written by michael manhart:

          "...people become enraged when science makes a decision or a discovery that they
          don't like. they don't like the change in pluto's status. they don't like evolution. they
          don't like global warming. but the fact is that science is not about
          giving us answers we like or want. i sincerely hope someday we can abandon this
          childish and ignorant attitude toward science."

          another newsweek letter-writer
          (ray sachs, sept. 25, 2006) could be talking about the blind dogma and harmful tactics of
          genocide-believers, versus one such as i who would change his mind if the factual proof
          were there:

"i have no problem with any religion as long as it remains
          about belief rather than absolute certainty. belief is compatible with respect and
          tolerance for other beliefs. certainty is an arrogance that leads to
          intolerance, disrespect and, all too often, terror and war."







a navigation tip:
                "cumulative," in the column at left (under "sections"), features
                an overall index of all the pages on the site.








 




articles


analyses


"west" accounts


historical


academic


crimes


terrorists


politics


jewish


miscellaneous


reference


 


rebuttal


armenian views


geno. scholars


 


media


general


turks in movies


turks in tv


 


about


this site


holdwater











 
©
 








armenian genocide

links to other sites are on the "links" page;
see navigation bar at left.

computer repair


