









accident claims uk











































































































telephone: 0161-9390-418 


home
claims

bicycle accident claims
leisure centre accident claim
road accident abroad claims
work accident claims
whiplash compensation


contact us
privacy

terms & conditions


search




menu


menu

 






accident claims ukyou are here: home
accident claims ukwe win our clients the compensation they deserve.


accident claims are usually generated in one of the following six categories.

motor vehicles – as of march 2015 there was a 23% repudiation rate for accident claims that were a direct result of a motor vehicle accident. this is equivalent to 207, 617 claims filed.
public liabilities –the repudiation rates for accident claims in 2015 was 53%. this is equivalent to 26,141 claims filed.
employers’ liabilities or accidents that occur at the work place – these types of injury claims count for about 33% of the reported claims on file. this is equivalent to about 17,331 claims filed.
disease or illness – generates about 44,000 claims each year.
abuse or neglect – there were reportedly 156 claims of injury from this cause in 2015.
clinical negligence – these types of claims account for about 38% of accident injury claims filed each year.

why people do not file accident claims
accident claims are usually not filed by people who were injured because they are afraid of the process of filing such a claim. many people believe that dealing with a claim like this will be so difficult that they won’t be able handle it all of the legal jargon and specific details, and in truth unless you are trained in law then making an accident claim isn’t something to be taken lightly.
filing an accident claim for injuries will often be so time consuming that in most cases it simply will not be worth the effort. this is certainly true if people try to file without the help of a trained solicitor.
if you have indeed been injured at no fault of your own then our solicitors will be able to help you through the entire accident claim process, and if successful will collect compensation for the damages you have suffered. there is no reason for you to suffer the financial and physical consequences that are the result of an injury you have sustained without the chance of being compensated, and our solicitors will look to win you the compensation you deserve.
hiring an accident claims solicitor
people often think that they do not have the money needed to hire an accident claims solicitor and just accept their injuries and losses. this is often far from the truth.
when you have been injured there is a great chance that you are going to want to find a solicitor that will listen to the details of your case without charging you anything. our no win no fee solicitors that handle all manner of accident claims uk cases have a free consultation to determine if your claim is in our professional opinion valid and also has a very good chance of being successful.
in no win no fee accident claims we do not charge any fees until after we receive a settlement from the entity liable for your injury.
speak with us today
when you contact our accident claims solicitors whether by phone (0161-9390-418) or email (contactus@tsnn.co.uk) you will need to have the following information handy. this will help us to determine whether or not you have a valid claim, and if we can help you get restitution for your injuries.

the date the injury occurred,
where the injury occurred,
how the injury occurred,
contact information for anyone who witnessed the injury,
the specific details of the injury such as the treatments you have received, the diagnosis, the possible treatments you may need in the future,
to know if you are a member of a trade union that qualifies you for reduced cost legal representation,
proof of your loss of earnings and the expenses you have had since the day you were injured,
copies of your personal insurance policies.

the claims process
the process of filing a claim starts with you contacting our legal firm and speaking to an advisor or a solicitor. once we have evaluated the merits of your claim one of our accident claims solicitors will then write a letter to the party that is thought to be responsible for the injury and explain to them what has happened to you, and give them a limited amount of time to answer the letter. this is usually between thirty and ninety days.
the other party will either respond saying they admit to responsibility and they will offer to make restitution, or they will deny liability for the injuries. if they admit to responsibility then they will make an offer to settle with you. our solicitor will be able to determine if the amount they are offering is a fair price.
if they do not accept responsibility the claim may have to proceed to a court hearing.
with accident injury claims there is a 3 year time limit to starting a claim which starts from the time you suffered the injury, or discovered an injury or illness was caused by negligence. with regards to this time limit we would advise contacting us straight away to get an accident claim started.

   

 tsnn.
phone us today on 0161-9390-418.

pages

accident claims uk
bicycle accident claims
contact us
leisure centre accident claim
privacy
road traffic accident abroad claims
terms & conditions
whiplash compensation
work accident claims

 
 






© copyright - accident claims uk 






scroll to top



























































