





the associated colleges of the south (acs)





























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentassociated colleges of the southcore initiatives

faculty development
acs tuition exchange program (acs-tep)
consortium discounts
connections and collaboration
leadership development


resource library
news, notes and jobs

news &announcements
job postings at acs member schools


acs events
about acs

acs colleges
board of directors
acs staff

anna drake warshaw, president
doug wofford, chief financial officer
ashley torgerson, executive assistant to the president
vanessa de almeida hook, outreach and communications manager
melissa perkins, bookkeeper
beth adcock shiroishi, acs academic fellows program director
shiree x. williams, project manager


acs history
strategic plan


acs private community site
show searchsearch this website hide searchhome



 


 


davidson-001furman-001bham-southern-02photo of centenary college of louisiana – shreveport, louisiana.centre college – danville, kentucky












the associated colleges of the south
incorporated in august of 1991, the associated colleges of the south is a consortium of outstanding private residential liberal arts colleges in the south who collaborate together to better achieve their individual missions.




learn more  >









news & announcements
brooke barnett named 16th president of rollins collegedecember 11, 2024the rollins college board of trustees has announced the selection of brooke barnett as the 16th president of the college.
continue reading . . . brooke barnett named 16th president of rollins college
spelman’s vice provost for global education dr. ‘dimeji togunde receives lifetime achievement awardnovember 7, 2024dr. dimeji togunde, vice provost for global education and professor of international studies at spelman college, has received the lifetime achievement award from the institute for the international education of students (ies abroad). dr. togunde’s career is a testament to his visionary leadership in expanding opportunities for students of african descent and promoting diversity and inclusion in global education.
continue reading . . . spelman’s vice provost for global education dr. ‘dimeji togunde receives lifetime achievement award




explore more
footer contact us
2970 clairmont road ne
suite 1030
atlanta, ga 30329
phone: 404.636.9533


copyright © 2020-2024 · associated colleges of the south















