


dblbgy2




















    
	dblbgy2
	
  
life is not determined by how many breaths you take,  but by the moments in life that take your breath away
  (some of the content on this site is for adult only
    viewing. if you find this offensive, please leave now)





sunday, september 02, 2007



	 
	 life happens, tests and the strength of job
	 
    


i often wonder if god rewards good parents or if he plays games with our heads to test our strengths. these past few months have been tests to say the least.it started when i took my 2 week vacation on july 30 to work on the windows of my house. i began that sun., the morning right after i worked the resaurant. i logged 190 hours in those 2 weeks stopping only for coffee and sodas and finished each day at sunset when i couldn't see for the lack of light. i'm sure i don't have to tell you the house looks wonderful. all the paint bright and crisp. the house is 170 years old and i honestly don't think the windows have been touched in probably 80 or 90 years. i didn't buy replacement windows but opted to restore them myself for lack of funds. all in all i finished 27 windows, restored 2 doorways and made 2 new doors on the back of the house for a cost of just under 500 bucks. mind you, all these windows have 24 panes of glass in each of them. it was quite a chore but i'm very proud of myself and they look fantastic. i'm sure the paintjob will outlive me at this point. i'll let my kids take care of them after i'm gone.that's if my kids outlive me!the true test of this summer happened 10 days ago when i had just finished working a double on fri. the 24th. it was late, about 12:45 am when i got a phone call from the hospital with a nurse telling me my son had been admitted and that he had a cut to his arm and could i get there soon. whoops! what the fuck!i asked my wife where he was supposed to be and she said he was at his friends house so i figured they were skateboarding as usual and told her i'd go and for her not to worry and that i'd bring him home.wrong!when i got there they told me to come in right away and that they were prepping him to be transported to albany med to be worked on by specalists to repair the injury.omfg!i tried to act calm and cool when i saw him and what he had done but i'm sure my fear showed through a bit. he's 14 and as big as me. he's a tough kid but was crying and trying to tough it out through the five er staff that was working on him. my god!, this wasn't a cut, he damned near took his arm off!as it turns out he was at a party he wasn't supposed to be at and had a fight with his girlfriend and punched through a glass window. the cut was right in the crease of his right arm and went from his far elbow bone to the other bone on the other side. i measured it and it was 5 inches across and opened up a good 2 inches. you could have placed a large lemon in the hole he gashed. i took pictures but they're too graphic to post here. maybe "rotten.com" might like them.my own fear set in at this point.i called my wife and told her what was going on and she made arrangements to have the other kids watched after and she was with me in a matter of minutes.by now it was 4 am and we were leaving for albany. after 3 hours af surgery and about a mile of guaze we finally got home about 12:30 pm. just in time for me to go to work at the resaurant again.we were pretty busy but i don't remember too much of it. i couldn't get my son off my mind.he's getting the stitches out in about another week but if he screws up and doesn't let it heal he could lose the function of his muscle. he cut through the bicep so it has to heal. trying to keep a 14 yr old is hard.ok! that's part one of this trial by fire,,,,,,,the big kicker happened just 2 days ago on fri. afternoon, the 31st.i had just gotten home from my first job and was getting ready for my second. i was bending over tying my shoes when i heard my 10 yr old screaming as he was comming in the door,,"help, help, i broke my arm, i broke my arm!"the little boy who cried wold wasn't crying wolf.my wife said, "how do you know you broke it", as she she rounde the corner and suddenly cried out "oh my god! get in here!"as soon as i saw it, i knew."let's go!" i shouted and we were out the door. i'm just glad i was home. i'm not sure my wife could have handled it well. she can't drive as fast as i did, plus i had to carry him into the hospital. five more minutes and i'd have been gone.two fridays in a row,i think the hospital is gonna name a wing after us.the hardest part of being a parent is the feeling of helplessness when your kids get hurt. this is my second to youngest and it's the first time he's had to endure real pain so it was extra hard for us to go through especially when they had to reset it! eeek!he's got a cast on and i'm sure he'll be fine but i still worry about the painful nights of sleep, the frustration of doing things with his left hand and the start of a school year for both of them without being able to write for the first 2 months.so i ask,does god reward good parents for their strength or does he throw more at them?i'm not letting my daughter leave the house next friday night!



posted by doublebogie at 7:57 am
1 comments






saturday, may 19, 2007



	 
	 a short explanation (not an excuse)
	 
    


i'm crushed!although i agree i'm not much of a writer, the time i have to spend on my computer is limited to catching up and surfing my favorite blogs.my life has taken a few turns as of late and my inspiration to write has diminished substantially.i must have proised a hundred blog friends that i'd be "back to writing soon", but dealing with 2 and sometimes 3 jobs, an extrememly un-sexual wife and 5 ever growing children puts quite a damper on my free time.though the lack of sex plays a huge role in my fantasies and imagination, the time i actually get to write about it without someone looking over my shoulder gets lost to say the least. (as it may be, i'm writing this at 8 am on a saturday because everyone is still in bed).i'm not going to promise to write anytime soon "again" and for that i apologize but it pleases me to know there are still a few of you who make it over to my place once in a while.in the meanwhile please feel free to browse my archives and enjoy my past stories.maybe find one or two that you like and let me know why.i might write about it again just for you. (but i'm not promising anything)peace!



posted by doublebogie at 7:24 am
1 comments






friday, march 30, 2007



	 
	 woweeee
	 
    


ok!i just tried to get to my new account for about an hour. i'm not even sure if this post will make it to a page but i'm trying.yes, i'm still alive.once i get the bugs worked out of this new account i promise i'll be backman! i miss all of you.



posted by doublebogie at 10:57 pm
6 comments






monday, november 13, 2006



	 
	 still here
	 
    


holy shit!july since i've posted huh? well...i'm still busy. it's not that i don't care for all of you, it's just that i really haven't had enough time to sit down and write.quite a bit has happened around here in the past few months. we have a new addition to our family.. (no! we didn't have a baby) but we do have another teenager living with us. i don't want to go into the details but her parents are assholes and i'll leave it at that. the little one will be 4 in jan., the oldest got a tattoo and i'm still working my ass off.along with everything that's been going on, my computer crashed!- shit the bed- died! i had to get a new hard drive. the kids had so many programs downloaded it's a wonder at all i could use the damned thing. the guy who fixed it didn't charge me too much though so i suppose i got lucky. the hard drive itself was only 43 bucks. i consider myself fortunate i didn't opt to take it to the geek squad or something.i hope everyone is still doing well and i hope i get to chat with some of you soon. i promise i'll get to posting again in the future.



posted by doublebogie at 12:04 am
4 comments






wednesday, july 05, 2006



	 
	 yes i'm still alive!
	 
    


forgive me blogger for i have sinned, it's been 2 months since i've entered a post....sorry to all of you who have thought i've fallen off the face of the earth.just a real quick update..i'm busy as shit!!!!i did a stretch where i had off about 3 days in a matter of 48 days or somethin' like that. the kids are out of school of course so there's at least 6 or 7 and sometimes up to 12 kids in this house at most times of the day since we're about the only family with a pool on this road. the house is a zoo pretty much 'round the clock, which means the kids are up at all hours of the night. i don't mind for the most part 'cause when i put the ac on and shut the door, all is right with the world in my room when it's time for nighty night. the only problem is that the wife is up late also,,,which means not that much nooky. (so what the fuck is new?)i think i bitched and whinned one night and lowered my pride for a sympathy bj but it hasn't gotten much better than that in the "push, push,, in the bush"  department.( i know,, you're all gonna hum that tune in your mind for the rest of the night now huh?)the baby is finally out of diapers. big fuckin' yeaaaa!  first time we've been without diapers in 15 years! what a "load" off our minds.i've been working both jobs without a break this summer so far and with the amount of rain we've had i get just my one day off to do the lawn. to say the least my sundays are filled from about 7 in the morning till about 7 at night before i have to come in and collapse.i apologize for not entering new stories but i really haven't had much time to myself in a while. i promise i'll try to get something in the works in the near future.so till i get a chance to write again...have a lovely summer!



posted by doublebogie at 7:27 pm
3 comments






sunday, may 14, 2006



	 
	 happy mothers day!
	 
    


just a quick note to wish all you ladies who've given birth at least one time or another in your lives, i hope you have a wonderful mothers day!although this is a day i wish i had to devote completely to my wife, this is the one day of the year i dread the most. if there's anyone of you working in the restaurant business you know exactly what i'm talking about. i'm a chef in a very reputable seafood restaurant with an owner who's had the place now for over 30 years and who took it over from a family who owned it from way back in the early 1900's. i was head chef for 11 years full time and i've been back there for about 6 years on the weekends and for sure this is hell day. last night was no picnic either. we did about 175 dinners and we'll probably do over 300 today. a normal weekend night is right around 130 to 140. to some people it may not seem like a lot, but let me tell you by the end of this night i'll feel like i was pummled like the guys in that scene from "casino" when they dumped them in the ditch in the dessert.worse than that is the fact that i'll have to get up at five am tomorrow to get to my full time job the next day. oy!so, dads,,,give us a break and have a cookout for mom and the kids today. she'll appreciate it more if you do the cooking for a change. and that doesn't mean standing by the grill all day with a beer in your hand while she cooks the rest of the dinner and does all the clean-up after. to all the moms out there, i hope your day is full of love!



posted by doublebogie at 8:10 am
4 comments






tuesday, may 09, 2006



	 
	 what a month!
	 
    


ok, it's now day 34 without a day off and i must admit it's getting to me. i'm not sure how much more i can deal with this. i developed a toothache over the past week and it bloomed into an all out attack on my nerves that ended in me rushing to the dentist for an emergency visit last friday afternoon followed by a couple of days of mellow highs from the tylenol 3 w/codine he prescribed. the only good thing about it is that i get to take tomorrow off for another appointment and more x-rays. the real bad thing is that i'm gonna have to get a few pulled. oowwwww! i'm ashamed to admit that i've been a bit neglectful with my oral hygene as of late. i mean, i brush all the time but my bi-yearly visits to the dentist have been fairly off schedule. i haven't had any problem with my teeth in a very long time and my theory about it has been that if nothing's wrong why fix it? well,,, they have to do a lot of fixin' now. my bad!other than that, i really have nothing new to report. i've been working way too much for anything to happen.i still haven't gotten laid yet and i honestly doubt it'll be any time soon either. i've been tired at night so i hit the sack a little earlier than usual. i'm not waiting for the wife to come to bed anymore. i've had enough. she's going to have to go out of her way if she wants any and i honestly believe she stays up later on purpose for that very reason. ahhhh  fuck it!hope to see you all soon.



posted by doublebogie at 4:53 pm
2 comments






wednesday, april 12, 2006



	 
	 the latest 411
	 
    


whew!sorry i've been so absent latley.just a little on what i've been up to for the past two weeks...well... i made it down to the "perverts saloon" for the blog reading event 2 weeks ago in nyc. it's about a 100 mile trip for me to the city but metro north made it a very relaxing train ride. i took the afternoon and next day off from work, hopped the train in the early evening and made it down in plenty of time to have a light dinner and try to make hotel reservations for the evening. to my, not so much surprise, the price for one evening was well over 400 bucks at every one i tried. i had just refinanced my current mortgage and had a little cash left in my account so i decided to say "fuck it" and put it on my card. the problem i had was that all my card payments were late because i knew they were going to be paid off with the new refi. so none of them would go through. really about the only bummer that occured for the night.in any case,, i had a great time. it was nice to meet some of my fellow pervert bloggers and get the hell away from town for a night. it's the first real night out by myself i've taken in about 3 years. everyone was so much fun and the reading was exciting. all in all it was a very nice evening. my only regret was that i had to catch a train back. i would have had a fun time if i had the chance to stay the night.i kinda took the day off because i knew that when i went back to work on wed. i'd be working non stop for probably the whole summer. one of the guys i work with retired and another broke his leg so we're covering the shifts by doing overtime. it wouldn't be so bad except for the fact that all the other guys work 4, 10 hr days so when they work one extra day they still have 2 days off. i work the restaurant on fri. and sat. so my only day off on sun. is covering the other shift. fridays suck the most because i work 7-3, drive an hr home and go to work at 5 till 10. i asked the boss, (restaurant) if i could have fri. off because i have to work there for easter which is a 12 hr day. at least i get to go home fri. and chill for the evening. it's gonna be a hell of a summer! the state doesn't work so fast and we don't think that position will be filled till probably august or september. oh well,, at least it's extra money!speaking of extra money..i had a pretty fuckin' great week as far as finances go. it was my anniversary on tuesday, 18 years. i called ahead for 18 roses to be delivered to the house that day and (jokingly), said that we had a rough year in there and it would be funny to put a black one with the bunch to throw her off. they said, sternly, "oh no! we can't do that, it's against the law"! i thought she was kidding and she repeated it,, "in this state they consider it to be a death threat to send someone black roses. we could get in a lot of trouble" i'd never heard of that before and i work full time in a state prison! huh? learn something new every day.anyway,, on my way home i picked up some cash from the bank, (that extra i had in the account) and called and asked the florist if i could pay cash for them when i got back to town and please not charge my card,,(which is now paid off btw). she said no prob and she'd see me in an hr.i stopped for a coffee on my way home and bought a 10 dollar scratch off ticket and low and behold,,, i won one thousand dollars! woohooooo!      when i got home and opened the mail i had an overpayment check from my car loan for 864 bucks as well. wooohooo again!  great day. i took my wife out for dinner which was the first time in 2 yrs we've been out. ya know how hard it is to get a sitter for 5 kids? the oldest are capable but when they're alone they get on the computer and forget about the whole world. my 3 yr old gets into everything.  it was a nice night out. we went to a nice steak house that just reopened under new management but little did we know the new clientele was gay. it didn't bother me, it just took me by surprise. it used to be a posh place where businessmen and politicians hung out. for what it was worth, dinner was just as good.my wife wanted to have another drink somewhere else so we stopped at a bar we used to go to years ago. they had "quickdraw" there and... low and behold again... i hit for 114 bucks! damn!don't think i didn't play mega-millions the next day. (since then, i hit.. 2 bucks. i'll take it!) now think about this,,, wife got a dozen and a half roses,, gave her 500 dollars, took her to dinner, took her for drinks and when we went to bed that night.....  "honey, i'm buzzed, leave me alone"fuck! can this get any more pathetic?!i'm gonna go fuck someone soon. i can't take this much longer.i went out and bought a new 32" tv yesterday. she said we could have used the money for easter. i told her i wanted it,, so there!  besides, i gave her money.i'm still waiting for my anniversary present and will probably still be waiting till next year.and it doesn't cost a thing!     ggrrrrrrrrrrrr!that about sums up why i haven't been around.so again, sorry for not being present lately.i'm going to be pretty busy for the next few months so i'll try to get back to posting once in a while when i can find the time. with the lack of anything to compare to i'll have plenty of fantasies running through my perverted mind for a while. i hope you all have a nice spring.



posted by doublebogie at 7:06 pm
3 comments






sunday, march 26, 2006



	 
	 day off
	 
    


the annoying sound of that fucking alarm clock killed my dreams again at my usual 5 am wake up call. i hate the sound of that thing. it fills me with thoughts of the bullshit i'll have to endure during my day at that hell hole i call work. my feet hadn't even hit the floor and i cringed at the voices running through my head of the ignorant assholes i have to deal with on a daily basis. i do my best to ignore any contempt i might feel at this early hour and rub my eyes to greet the day. stretching and yawning, i give a sigh at the monotony. i was about to head to the bathroom to get ready when my eyes drift to your side of the bed and see your body curled under the covers like a baby. i lay back down and spoon against you as i nuzzle into your neck taking in your sweet fragrance. i hadn't noticed at that moment but the previous emotions i was feeling had disappeared as soon as i enveloped you in my arms. i knew i had a few minutes before i had to get going and felt like taking full advantage of what little time i had.i smothered the back of your neck with kisses as my hands drew you tighter to my body, my teeth sinking slightly into your shoulder. not too hard but just enough to make me feel your skin jump as i continued to nibble your flesh. you woke with a moan and pulled my hands tighter around your waist. "'morning sweetheart. did you sleep well"? i ask, and you turn to place a soft kiss on my lips. "of course i did honey. i was dreaming of you". the corners of my mouth curled with a devilish grin at what you could have been dreaming about. "oh yea? i asked. "and just what were we doing in that dream?" you hesitated for a second or two and replied, "you'll have to wait till you come home from work and i'll show you." i whined like a child. "aww sweetie, don't tease me like that. i'll go crazy all day thinking about it." "uh, uh! you have to go to work," you blurted. "besides, i think all the wine and fun we had last night got to me a little more than i thought it would. i've got a nasty headache this morning and you have to get going anyway." i got out of bed and stomped off to the shower like a teenager who just had his cell phone taken away.as i washed myself i thought of last night and that fun you mentioned. the memories of just a few hours ago were still vivid in my mind. the way you were clawing my back as you screamed out. the feel of your legs squeezing around my waist as you came, all the "oh gods" and " oh yes, yesssss baby's" you cried out in that moment of passion. every detail of those hours felt like seconds ago as my own excitement began to rise once more in my groin. i let the water fall on my back as i pictured your face, your lips and your hands on me while i lathered my chest and down to my legs. the mere thought of making love to you again had my cock raging in no time.i closed my eyes and let the warm water sooth my muscles. i could almost feel your hot pussy engulfing my cock as i slowly reached down and began to stroke myself. my other hand rubbed around my thigh and pulled at my balls as my strokes became faster, all the while visioning they were your hands on them. my cock was rock hard and pulsing in my hand by now. i couldn't take it any more. i wanted to come but not knowing you were in my bed right the next room. i had to have you again. "fuck it!" i grumbled. "i'm calling in sick. let those fuckers deal with things without me". i quickly finished showering, made the call and snuck back to the bedroom.i jumped into bed and found you had gone back to sleep. i crawled under the covers and caressed your neck and shoulders and down your back. kind of surprised, you turned and asked, "what the hell are you doing honey?, you're running out of time. it's almost 6." "don't worry about it, i called in sick. i'm gonna stay home and take care of that headache for you. just lay back and close your eyes." i started at your neck again and worked my way to your shoulders. my hands then slid down and gently massaged your hips with my fingers digging into your ass as i moved. i got up and stood at the foot of the bed and pulled you by the ankles so that your feet were on the floor and your ass was on the edge of the mattress. standing in front of you now i moved my hands up your body starting at your feet and gliding them over and under your thighs. under to your ass and up the length of your back. my head was resting on your stomach as i squeezed deeply into the muscles of your ass and hips. i was using my whole body to massage you as my shoulders dug into your pelvis. i could smell your sweet pussy right below me as i involuntarily began to cover your mound with kisses. you were so hot, so wet. you opened your legs wider for me, begging me to taste you. i felt your ass rise off the bed to meet my face. i snaked my tongue out and gave your pussy a quick lick. you were dripping on my tongue. your hands came down as your fingers clutched my hair, pulling me closer, wanting my mouth. my breath was steaming but not as hot as your pussy lips on my tongue. i felt them dance and twitch under my mouth.i stood back up, lifted your legs and let them rest on my shoulders with my bulging cock falling in front of your cunt. i grabbed my cock and slowly guided it into you just enough to feel the heat of your pussy. back out and in a bit more this time, i could feel your pussy muscles tighten around the head. one more time and i was halfway down the shaft. with one final thrust i buried the length of me into you and you gasped for air. your hands reached out to grab my thighs as i pounded into your tight pussy. "ohhhh god! oh yessssssss! that's it baby. fuck that pussy. fuck me hard". i leaned forward slightly and pinched your nipples, making you wince at the sweet pain. i could tell you were close. i wanted to take you over the edge. my fingers moved down and around your leg as i put my hand flat against your belly while my thumb circled your clit, never slowing my pace fucking you. "oh right there baby. fuck me!, fuck me please! mmmmm."  my balls were slapping against your ass as i fucked you with all my might.i love watching you beg. the sight of pleasing you had my balls swelling and my cock throbbing. i could feel it building up inside me, getting ready to release.you screamed out, "i'm cumming, i'm cumming. cum with me, nowww! that's all it took as my cock exploded an ocean of jizz into your pussy. i felt your body shake as we both sceamed out at the same time. i could feel our juices flowing out of your pussy and run down my balls and drip onto my thighs. my thrusts slowed  but not stopping. your legs fell to the floor and your arms back to the mattress as you lay there trying to catch your breath. i finally collapsed onto you and kissed your lips hard and deep, my cock still moving slowly in and out of your dripping pussy. we held each other tight and rolled over to our sides with your leg swinging up and over my hip as i continued fucking you till my cock slowly went limp. "so... how's that headache now?"you didn't say a word. you just held me tighter.i couldn't let go either. i wanted to stay here all day.and i did just that.



posted by doublebogie at 1:32 am
10 comments






saturday, march 25, 2006



	 
	 ugh!
	 
    


i can't believe what blogger just did to me. i just spent all morning working on my next post and when i went to save...."page unavailable" it booted me off.  aarrgg! i lost the whole freaking thing.i had one sentence left to write.it was kinda long and pretty good i think. i'll have to see if i can duplicate it again.for those of you waiting to read another story, you'll have to wait till i have the time again to write.i'm so pissed!



posted by doublebogie at 1:03 pm
0 comments






saturday, march 18, 2006



	 
	 my apologies
	 
    


yes, i'm still alive!i'm so sorry i haven't posted in a while. the past two weeks or so have been quite overwhelming to say the least. both my jobs have been extra demanding of my time lately and my time on the computer has been limited due to the fact that my three year old has now learned how to load on his own and play "thomas the tank engine" games all by himself. i tried to get on the other day after i got home from work and he told me, "tomowoe daddy". i waited a few hours and snuck in after he started watching tv and he immediately ran into the room and shouted, "daddy, i said tomowoe". i had to laugh. by the time i wanted to get on, the other 4 were fighting about when it would be their turn. this is the way it's been for a couple of weeks now. i've been spending most of my time lately in front of the tv and falling asleep early in the evening. also, i'm in the process of refinancing my mortgage and any of my computer time has been tied up with sending documents back and forth to the company.my main job is in a prison. two weeks ago one of my 3 workers lost his job in my shop because he got in a fight on his company block. for this reason he is not allowed to work back in the kitchen. i work in a butcher shop equiped with knives and such and we don't allow inmates who have, (pardon the pun) a "beef" with anyone. he was my best worker too. alas, i'm required to pick up the slack in the workload until administration decides on who they will fill that position with. needless to say i've had my hands full. i'm not one bit afraid to work right along with my guys but receiveng deliveries for 1200 inmates and getting the food set up for 3 or 4 days in advance with proper thaw time and storage plus checking deliveries and reordering errors is a whole job by itself. i've been pretty damned tired at night. plus, the restaurant i work at on the weekends is just now swinging into spring time season which means all those people stuck in their houses for the winter are breaking out of their cabin fever mode and going out to dinner. it's been busier than we had expected. i get home at night feeling like someone beat me with a baseball bat. especially after working 7 to 3 on fri. and going to work at the restuarant from 5 to 10.i'm not complaining about the work, just apologizing for not being present here as much as i'd like to be. so, again, i'm sorry i've been absent and i promise i'll try to get to a new post or two as soon as i can pry my little one from the keyboard.loves and hugs to all of you.xoxoxooh yea, by the way....happy st.patty's day!



posted by doublebogie at 11:30 pm
2 comments






sunday, february 26, 2006



	 
	 early morning craving
	 
    


the morning sun glaring through the window opened my eyes in a harsh squint. i slowly surveyed the room and noticed a scene of total disarray. the sheets were scattered from one end of the bed to the other and the pillows had found their way to the floor. at one end of the room was my jeans and the other end, your skirt. i sleepily looked above me and saw your pink silk panties hanging from one of the posts of the headboard.last night was incredible. the feel of your hot tongue on my cock was more than i could stand as i exploded for the second time into your hungry mouth. the passion during those last hours sent you over the edge more than i could count on one hand and after cumming that last time i think we drifted off to sleep, not having the strength or endurance to continue for another second.the sun was rising a little more on the window sill causing me to turn my face toward you with the scent of sex still wafting past my nose. i inhaled deeply to take in as much of the smells that recalled the previous night, causing me to notice that familiar pulsing in my groin again. just the sight of you dreaming and the taste of your delicious pussy's still lingering evidence on my lips was enough to get me hard in no time. i wanted to stroke myself but opted for another idea. i leaned over and traced a line with my fingers from the nap of your neck to the small of your back. i felt you body shift as you took a deep but groggy breath, allowing me to continue down to your ass. i'm sure you were still sleeping but you turned over onto your back and took another breath. your tits looked fabulous and ripe for my teasing. my hand worked it's way across your belly and up to cup the soft flesh of your breast, giving it an ever so slight squeeze. i saw your chest fall from the sudden escape of air that had left your lungs. circling your nipples with my palm open and then rolling them between my thumb and fingers lightly made your body flinch. i continued this pattern on your other breast, hoping not to wake you just yet. i wanted to wake you with my tongue buried deep in your pussy and to watch your back arch in ecstacy before you realized what was happening. i wanted to taste you again, needed to taste you again. to watch your body quiver and shudder under my hungry mouth.i slowly shifted my hips so that i was on my knees at your side as my lips pursed around your fully erect nipples. i licked my way from one to the other before tracing a line with my tongue down to your navel, all the while kneeding and pinching your breasts. i could tell you were starting to wake but you kept your eyes shut tight as a low soft moan escaped your lips. "mmm honey, that feels so nice" you said.quickly and quietly i put my finger to your lips to hush any more sounds."shhhh" i said. "just stay put and let me have some fun. i need this. i crave this".all you uttered was another moan and a coo at the touch of my mouth devouring the flesh at the top of your beautifully trimmed and now, very wet, pussy. i worked my way down to the insides of your thighs and bit little nibbles along the way, making your hips rise to meet my soft kisses. back up now and closer to your pussy, i could see that my warm tongue on your hot skin had your pussy lips gleaming with anticipation and excitement. i breathed in your scent, the smell i loved so much. i was lost in your scent. i loved the smell of your sex at my face. the cum i had left the night before was still evident, mixing with your once again dripping cunt.i flicked my tongue out to catch a drop of your sweetness and you shuddered. my tongue stroked the outer lips of your gash as my fingers curled under your ass to spread you even wider for my lashing. i drew my tongue up and down the length of your pussy as one of my fingers under your ass made it's way to the tight opening of your ass. i reached my head down further to lick at your burning hole and darted in and out, teasing, tickling, licking. the saliva from my tongue had made it easy for me to slip that finger inside your ass as you were now thrusting your hips up harder to meet my face. i continued to lick at your pussy, up and down, up and down, slowing, only to stick my tongue into you as i fingered your hot ass. i made sure not to make my way to your clit just yet. i knew that would drive you over the edge. i wanted to tease a bit more and i slowed my pace on your pussy lips for a moment."mmmm baby, don't stop. that feels fantastic. don't stop baby, please." you pouted and whimpered. you spread your legs wider for me, wanting my tongue deep in you. i lay my tongue flat and drove it between your soft pussy lips as my face was now covered with your wetness. finally i worked my way to your clit, taking my time to kiss and suck it into my mouth. my lips clamp down over your bud as my darting tongue flicks at it's hardness and i feel you shudder once more. i can tell you're close. it won't take long now. i want to drink your wine, to swallow your juices. i can't get enough of your pussy as i drive my tongue deep inside you, your ass lifting off the bed to crash into my face as i hold on tight to your ass, my finger working it's magic on your well lubricated hole. i thrash my face from side to side across your pussy lips as i keep my tongue at your clit, sensing your oncoming wave. your fingers yank at my hair, pulling my face deeper to you, as i hear you begin to groan out louder and louder with every breath, "oohhhh baby, i'm gonna cummmmm. ooooooooo don't stop, don't stop". "that's it baby, suck my cunt, suck it good. make me cuuummm hard!" and just then you screamed so loud the folks in the next county could have heard you as a gush of ecstacy exploded onto my face and into my mouth. feverishly, i gulped and swallowed all i could, savoring every drop of your delicious liquid as my face was now well coated with your cum. you never released your grip on my hair as i felt your muscles contract around head so hard that it practically took my own breath away. your arms calmly slid down to your sides and hit the bed with a thump. your legs, still shaking had begun to sink as well as i heard a loud gutteral moan part your lips. i stayed still, licking at your pussy till you had calmed down, only to feel your body jump as i stoked my tongue across your clit every now and then. i didn't want to move. i could have stayed here for the rest of the day if i had my way. the taste of your pussy and the feel of your body reacting to my touch was what i needed.and for at least this one early morning....it's what i craved.



posted by doublebogie at 3:00 am
9 comments






friday, february 17, 2006



	 
	 sick sucks
	 
    


for those of you who don't know..being sick just sucks!yup, got the bug. i never really got sick till i had kids. after all, what do you do when your kids are sick?,, you hold them. then,, they pass it to you.i think this is the first time i've called in sick for actually being "sick" in about 4 years.i feel like crap.i'll see you all later when i shake this bug out of my system.



posted by doublebogie at 6:39 am
3 comments






tuesday, february 07, 2006



	 
	 in response to your comment
	 
    


although i normally tend to ignore outragous comments by readers like yourself, the fact that you made a horrendous accusation of my character leaves me no choice to respond to such a sick assumption.amanda wrote;"that's great! you have a little kid posted below, which i'm assuming is your son? and then you have this smut plastered on your blog? does this get you off? do you know, you can get in a lot of trouble by merely having a child placed on the same page of something that is of a sexual nature.your priorities are alarming.p.s. it's almost as bad as child porn."my first reaction to this comment was that of confusion because i wouldn't and couldn't in a million years, take two different entries in someone's journal completely out of text and think they had something to do with one another. this journal is one entire page you idiot! try reading it from date to date instead of thinking all my posts are related. although it is a life history of sorts, you can't possibly think that if i write one thing one day that it has the same meaning as what i write in another post.after seriously contemplating about what you wrote, my reaction turned to that of rage and anger that you could have, in some strange and twisted way, found a correlation between two totaly unrelated entries in my blog and find an association with the two of them. this kind of behavior leaves me no choice but to remove what you so called, "child pornagraphy" photos of my child's birthday. this causes me to believe that if you could have possibly thought that this post was in any way related to another entry of a fictitious nature, that was clearly labled (adult content), and that you obviously read the entire post, and then saw pictures of my child and then had the ignorant thought to think they were "pornagraphy",, i firmly believe that you have the unnerving potential to be the one with pedaphile tendancies!did you scroll down and see the photo of my thanksgiving turkey and have carnal thoughts of that too?, maybe thinking i presented it with subconscious sexual undertones as well???? give me a break!just because i post a story of my child one day and then next month post a story i fabricated in my mind does not constitue child pornagraphy!i'm not a one dimensional personality like you obviously are. some days my thoughts are warm and fuzzy and the next week they may be explicit. this no way means they are related to each other.do you have a diary?have you ever written or thought about love and joy one month and another time written or thought about death and fear?if i were to read such and entry in that diary, should i assume you take joy in death?or that you have a strong fear of love?have you ever had a sexual encounter with your significant other?and have you thought about little children during that escapade???is that what you think??i certainly do not!   the simple fact that you even remotely thought that was my intention makes me want to wretch!i usually welcome comments on my blog posts whether good or bad but i'd like to suggest you do not visit my site ever again!i am extremely uncomfortable with the notion that you could make a correlation between a fantasy post, (again, clearly labled adult), and then notice a picture of my child and make the ill intended assumption they had something to do with one another.and you say my priorities are alarming!to the rest of my friends, i apologize for this outburst.i will continue to exercise my right to free speech and post about my life on a regular basis but without pictures of my children. i will still write about my children however.i will write about the stresses of my jobs.  i will write about my bad days and good days.i will write about what and how i feel whenever i have the urge to.maybe once in a while i'll even write about the private thoughts that run through my mind,but hopefully with the absense of mrs. tax lady thinking i'm a monster and gawking at pictures of my children with ill intent. please don't come here and try to sell me anything.please don't come here and tell me how to live my life.and never,,, never, mess with my children. i take serious offense to that!



posted by doublebogie at 8:59 pm
7 comments






monday, february 06, 2006



	 
	 all the difference
	 
    


i wasn't quite sure what i would say when i finally met you. the words seemed to elude me. i was confident that i wanted you but at the same time was intimidated by your self-aware attitude of exactly what you wanted in a man and a lover.i decided to be who i am and not any false facade of who you wanted me to be. i couldn't just be a dominant personality for only an encounter and be another the day after. i know what turns you on and wanted to be that for you but i also wanted you to have the pleasure of who i really am, a caring and giving man. a man who could fill all those needs and more. i knew that i could give you what you wanted but i needed you to see the whole me first. i'd eventually learn how to give you what you craved. today was different though. i knew i had to take charge. like i've said before, i'm a fast learner and i knew i'd be able to achieve that goal in short enough time. then again, i kept thinking that opposites attract, don't they?i talked you into having lunch first so we could get to know each other a little better. the long chats online and the story sharing wasn't really quite like meeting someone in person. plus, i knew i'd be nervous. not for reasons of why we were meeting but for the fact that i was hoping you wouldn't find me repulsive. i'm not really a debonair kind of guy or a fancy dresser but i'm confident of who i am and what i like. you can usually find me in jeans and a baseball cap most of the time. i like casual and i'm about as casual as they come but i knew i wanted you though and that's all i thought about.i felt you might be concerned about how i thought you looked too but i knew from the photos and the conversations we've had that there would be no way for me to think you were unattractive. i never look at outer beauty. i knew what was inside and that's what drew me to you the most.i made sure i got to the cafe' ahead of you. i wanted to watch you walk down the sidewalk, that strut i knew you'd have. i wanted to see that fiery mane as you came closer.i wasn't wrong. my heart started to race as i spotted you getting out of your car on the other side of the street. you almost stopped traffic as you scurried across the road. all the guys and even the girls took a second look as you strolled over to my table. you were wearing that hot lacy blouse i saw in one of your photos and those boots. yea, the ones with the heels i liked so much. i immediately stood and let out a sigh. "hi baby, it's so nice finally meet you"duh! what a dork! did i just say that? i really wanted to say, "let's get out of here and fuck" but i knew that was probably as lame as "hey! wanna see pictures of my cock?" you leaned forward and gave me a hug and a kiss. "sit down and relax baby," you said, and i did just that. i suddenly regained a normal pulse rate and we proceeded to have a decent conversation over coffee.we talked about everything and nothing. i was mostly agreeing and nodding, thinking of nothing else but getting my hands on you. small talk to break the ice and calm our nerves, or at least mine. i knew time was getting shorter for the both of us so we decided to get to the room i booked earlier in the day. just watching your lips move while you talked was enough to get me going. the way you touched my hand as we giggled at our circumstance. i knew i had to have you soon.i was so worked up as we reached the room i fumbled to open the door. the green light lit when i swiped the card a second time and i pushed you in and pinned you against the wall, my body pressing hard against yours. i held your hands up above you and kissed you hard and deep. i bit at your neck and collar, that place right below your ear that made you let out a sigh. i had one hand on your throat, holding your face with my fingers and thumb as i worked my way down to your beautiful tits. i let go of your hands and they fell back to the wall, your head turned to expose more of your neck for me. you wanted to be mine and i was taking it."sit down on the bed," i barked. you quickly moved over and started to take off your blouse. "no! stay like that i want to watch you." you were startled at my command but didn't make a move. i looked around the room and spotted the curtain tie, ripped it from the window and wrapped it tight around your eyes. i took the other one from the other side and tied your hands behind your back."now stay put and don't make a move." i could see your heart beat through the soft fabric of your blouse as i made my way closer to you, my hot breath at your thighs."you know i want you, don't you my slut"?"yes, i do" you replied sheepishly."and you want to be my little whore, don't you"?"yes, i do," your words coming slower.with that i pushed your legs apart to get a better view of your already hot pussy. i moved my hands up your thighs and closer to your wet snatch, so close i could smell and practically taste you. i pulled your panties aside and ran my finger up and down the length of your pussy. i could feel your pussy lips twitch as i stroked my fingers slowly up and down your moist gap. i heard you gasp. pushing you back onto the bed i moved my left hand up to your swollen breasts and pinched down hard on your nipple. you blurted out a slight peep as i dug my nails into your flesh and gave a forceful twist."not a word bitch," i barked, as you bit down on your bottom lip to keep from crying out at the bitter sweet pleasure of my strong fingers.i could sense your excitement by how wet your pussy had gotten just from my touch on your skin. i couldn't wait to see how wet i would get you from a well deserved tongue fucking.i moved closer and licked my way from your knee to your thigh and bit into the inside of your leg just before reaching your sweet pussy. just enough to leave a red mark on your flesh. i felt your chest rise and your breaths shorten, all the while never letting go of your nipple. you wanted my tongue on your pussy, i could tell, but the restraints on your wrists wouldn't allow you to lay flat. you tried to push your hands to the side and shove your hips forward towards my face but the pressure of my hand on your chest and the vise like grip on your nipple prevented any hope of comfort.you pleaded, "please lick my pussy. your mouth is so hot. i need your tongue on me now."the blindfold kept you from seeing my hand crash down on the outside of your leg right next to your ass. your body jolted. your skin was glowing from the sting of my fingers."i said not a word slut"! and i stood up, grabbed a lock of your hair and dragged you to the floor on you hands and knees. my strength and forcefulness took you by surprise but you buried your head into the carpet as if you were waiting for another lash. moving behind you, i could see your pussy dripping with anticipation and excitement. i looked up to see you positioned directly in front of the floor length mirror and that i could see the top of your head on the floor and myself standing behind you. not wanting to disappoint, my hand cam down again, stinging your ass with more power this time. you tried your best to conceal the grunt escaping your lips but to no avail.i slipped the stiff leather belt from my waist with a slow deliberate pull to make sure you could hear what i was up to but not enough to give away what was coming next. you braced yourself as you heard the jingle of the cold metal buckle as it fell from my jeans. instead of raising it, i leaned my hips against your ass so you could feel the growing bulge in my pants and grabbed a handful of your hair and lifted your head with a violent tug. i slipped the belt around your neck, slid the buckle down to your throat and gave a yank on the belt like a dog at the end of a leash."there! that suits you better my whore. you're right where you belong on your hands and knees where a good slut deserves to be." "i'm warning you, don't make a move or i pull on this collar. i don't want to restrain you like a dog but if you get out of line with me i'll have no choice. do you understand"? i snapped."ye yes, i do baby.""good, then we shouldn't have a problem, should we? now get that ass in the air for me so i can give you what you need"you slid forward slightly to bring you ass off your ankles and lowered your head back to the floor with me holding tightly to the belt, lifting your ass as high as you could. the hand print on the side of your ass from the previous smack i gave you was glowing hot pink. i bent down and kissed the mark i left like i was branding it mine. you skin was burning on my lips. i moved my face over and dragged my tongue along your ass till i reached your pussy and licked at the pouty lips that protruded from between your legs. i felt your wetness ooze onto my tongue as a moan left your lungs.i kept my tongue on your pussy as my hand came down on your soft flesh one more time. you jerked and lifted your head to cry out but my grip on the belt prevented you from making any sudden moves. i repeated my kiss on the mark my hand left and followed it with another flick of my tongue on your pussy lips. i did this a couple more times till i knew i had your attention. your breathing grew faster with each smack in anticipation of my wrath and it's reward of a fresh lap of your drenched pussy. you couldn't see me reach into the ice bucket as i grabbed a frozen cube and lightly touched it to your red hot ass. you couldn't help yourself as tiny yelp escaped your lips this time. i responded by pulling on the belt once more. i moved the ice cube to your dripping snatch and pushed it into you with my tongue. the sensation of the freezing cold in your pussy and my hot mouth on you was almost enough to bring you over the edge. i stayed put for a long while, taking my time to tease your pussy as i drank the melting ice mixed with the sweet taste of your juices into my mouth and swallowed.the taste of your pussy was driving me insane as i felt my erection grow with every mouthful of you. my face was sliding over your pussy with ease as i darted my tongue in and out of your hot gash. i could tell you were close to cumming and released the belt to push a finger into your tight asshole as i smacked your cheeks with my other hand. you were bucking and groaning against my face as i felt you explode onto my mouth. i did all i could to keep my finger in your ass and a firm grasp on your hips so my tongue wouldn't lose contact with your pussy. i licked, sucked and swallowed every drop of your cum while your body spasmed with agony and pleasure from an earth shattering orgasm.i felt your body slump and you sank to the floor with a sigh, your face turned to the side as you tried to catch your breath. the sounds of moans and grunts rushed from your throat as you slowly calmed down.i moved up to kiss your face and you clamored to suck in my lips but you weren't to kiss me yet. i wasn't done with you. i pulled on the collar around your neck and demanded you to sit up.standing in front of you i dropped my jeans to the floor making sure to not let go of the belt."you were a good whore to let me taste you slut," i said. "now you're going to taste me, aren't you"?"oh yes plea... and before you could finish the word i grabbed the back of your head and slammed my cock into your waiting mouth. you tried to pull back but i doubled my effort by pulling on the belt as well."suck my cock bitch. show me how much you want to reward me for letting you cum, for allowing you to be pleasured first today."you could only moan on my dick and nod in approval as you ran your tongue under and around it's girth, taking me deeper into your throat. your arms wiggled and squirmed behind your back as you ached to hold my cock and guide it into your mouth but i was enjoying watching your body plead for it. i only held tighter to the back of your head and fucked your mouth as i saw fit. i set the pace as i drove my engorged cock into you. you fought back the reflex to gag as i felt your throat muscles relax and take me deeper.the feeling of my pulsing cock all the way down your throat was about all i could take and i reached down and untied the binds on your hands. you immediately drew your fingers around my cock and cradled my balls as i felt a rush from deeper inside me than i ever had before. i threw my head back, ripped at your hair fiercely and drove my cock as far down your throat as i could."that's it bitch," i groaned, "suck my cock. swallow all of me like a good whore."you tried to pull back to swallow my cum as i unloaded more than i thought my balls were capable of holding. you held on tight as i jerked and fucked your face, making sure not to miss a drop as i came violently down your hungry throat.you gulped and sucked in everything i had to offer till i melted to the floor in total exhaustion. you kept sucking me as i lay there panting, slowly licking the length of my cock, feeling it jerk and spasm a few more times till you were sure my balls were empty.my head was spinning, my body spent as i took you in my arms and held you tight, kissing your face softly. the previous months of waiting for today drifted through my dizzy mind. all the conversations we've had, every word that was spoken was lost in this moment.things were different now and i knew we'd never speak those same words again.



posted by doublebogie at 12:18 am
0 comments






sunday, february 05, 2006



	 
	 well... there was something new!
	 
    


i don't know what the hell is going on with blogspot lately but i've been having a terrible time posting. i had a new story i posted 2 days ago and it took all of a day to show up on my site. now, today it's gone!i'm not sure if someone is fucking with me or what!   if it is, i'm sorry to piss you off or whatever you're mad about.i'm going to try one more time to get this on here and if someone found out how to hack into my site and wants it down tell me first ok?if all this turns out to be wacky paranoia, then,,, my bad!



posted by doublebogie at 11:50 pm
5 comments






sunday, january 29, 2006



	 
	 nothing new here
	 
    


just to let you know, nothing exciting or new is happening in my life.my son won another wrestling match friday night,(of course i had to work), so i didn't get to see it. my boss is still on vacation and i couldn't call in sick. he'll be back tues. so i'm going to ask for this fri. off so i can go to his next match. he's got a terrific record for dual matches this year (only one loss) but the coach doesn't see it. i don't think he's gotten the attention he deserves but that's a dad talking.the next days paper had another kid headlined that he "lead the team to victory". as a matter of fact it was my son that started the ball rolling with his match. and, he was the only one that had a pin that night which means he scored the most team points. i guess i'm bias when it comes to my kids but then again, who isn't?i have jury duty tomorrow. yippeeee! (yea, right). i'm actually excited about this. anything i can do to get my ass out of that shit hole of a job at the prison is fine with me. i really hate being there. it's not a very nice environment to be in day to day. it really makes me miserable having to be in that hell hole. ahh well. such is life. if we always got what we wanted there wouldn't be much to bitch about now, would there?on another note,,,,it's almost the end of jan., 06 and i haven't had even the slightest bit of sexual activity this year yet. shit!i wonder when my wife is going to come to her senses and realize that i want her. i know most of you have probably gone longer but dammit! this sucks! i've resolved to never make the first move again. she has never touched me first or even hinted that she might be receptive to some intimacy. it always makes me feel like i'm begging and that it's nothing more then a chore for her. i asked her the other day if she really ever wanted to have sex and she said she "never really thought about it". i said, "don't you ever want to have sex"? she said, "well,, yea".i blurted, "how the hell would i ever know"?, then i walked out and went to work.that was a week ago and she still hasn't gotten the hint. i'm never asking again.the problem i have is that i firmly believe that if i never make the first move i'll never get any again in my life! what do i do now?i can go ahead and make the move and probably get some but i'm so damned tired of having sex with someone that really doesn't want me. like i've said a million times, what turnes me on is that i can turn her on. that's what i crave. i'm at a loss.i'm not asking for advice. i just need to get that off my shoulders.then maybe i'll go masterbate.



posted by doublebogie at 9:55 pm
4 comments






sunday, january 22, 2006



	 
	 so many emotions
	 
    


what a week!last week my youngest turned 3. yesterday, my oldest son, 15 years old competed in a wrestling tournament that his team hosted. 8 teams and 11 wrestlers in his weight class. he's only a sophmore and actually an average wrestler with a good chance of being great.  i was helping the booster club with the concessions and got there about 6:30 in the morning. i offered all my catering equipment so i was there the whole morning. i think getting as pumped for his matches as much as he was.well...he won his division!i was beside myself with joy. i was a wrestler in high school and a pretty darn good one at that. i've been by his side for his whole career, taking him to tourneys and getting to every match he's been in. i coach him well and he feeds on advice from me. (this is at least the one thing that he actually listens to me about, which is rare coming from a teenager).i had to work the day of the tourney too. i was so upset. my boss is on vacation and i couldn't even call in sick if i wanted to. when he's not there, i'm the man! i watched him wrestle his way to the semi-finals and it was getting close to having to leave. i found out where the other 2 guys that i work with were, and called to see if they could cover me for an hour. they said no problem and i got to watch him win his semi match.i ran to work and was busy as hell. i knew he wouldn't wrestle in the championship match till about 7 but i knew there was no way i could leave a busy restaurant on a saturday night at that hour. i was freaking. this is the first time he's ever made it this far in a tourney and i wanted so much to be there. i had a hell of a night. it was hard to concentrate on my work. it was getting to be about 8:30 and i hadn't heard any word of how he did or if he wrestled yet. i was told the finals would be at 7. i was thinking about running out quick to see if i could catch his match so i called before i left.my daughter answered the cell.....he won!  he won!!wow!     i yelled out so loud i think the people in the dining room heard me. i was so happy for him and also so pissed i couldn't be there. i wanted to be there so bad. i felt like i let him down.i was hopping around the kitchen like a little kid.at that time i only had one table left to finish and begged the guys if they could give me a half hr. they said...go!i ran down the road to the school, (only 10 min. away) and got there just as they were starting to call his weight class to award the medals.i ran around all the people and found him and he gave me the  biggest hug i ever think we've had. i almost got teary eyed.i was standing right next to the stand when they called his name and pronounced him champion.if anyone has kids, or has had the chance to experience a moment like this i'm sure you understand just how proud a parent i was at that moment last night. if you haven't,,     i hope you get to.then... later, as my wife and i were mulling over the days events, the phone rang at 12 in the morning....they took my father-in-law to the hospital.  he's been sick a long time and he had a real bad night.  my wife ran out the door and didn't get home till 4 am. we haven't heard how he's doing yet but my wife is going to see him soon today.yup....   so many emotions.today i get to drive my 13 year old 50 miles away to a skateboard competition.what a week!



posted by doublebogie at 9:45 am
2 comments






sunday, january 15, 2006



	 
	 the punkin turns 3
	 
    


wow! i can't believe how fast he's growing. he can chat up a storm when ya get him going.yup, collin turned 3.my god, i'm old enough to be a grandpa and i've got a 3 year old!ha ha, i wouldn't trade being a father to 5 kids for anything in the world. i get to relive my childhood all over again. although my body is in denial, it brings back many memories of growing up with my own 5 brothers. some good, some bad. i've come to realize what a saint my mom is.the day went good. plenty of pizza, soda, cake and ice cream. what a nice day off for a change.he had a grand time.



posted by doublebogie at 11:15 pm
4 comments









	 
	 just yucky
	 
    


i know it's been a while since i've posted.i rarely have anything to say unless i believe it's worth saying.i haven't had anything new to post about except everyday rants and venting. i feel like blowing off steam a lot lately but i don't believe this is the place to dump my shit. i know many of you use this venue as a sounding board and a place to get advice for what's been going on in your lives but i, myself, believe these things should be discussed one on one with friends. sometimes i can't help it though.there's been a lot of shit that's been going on in my life that pertains to my jobs and the lack of financial security.i have a job that i can't stand. it's a miserable place to work and i'm generaly not a miserable person. this weighs heavy on my mind every day. i had something happen to me this week that i've never had happen to me in the 12 years i've been there. i really don't want to go into it but it unerved me so much. let's just say it knocked me down a peg on the graces of good standing. you know what they say about "one aww shit, wipes out a whole bunch of "atta boys". someone went out of their way to screw me because they "didn't like my attitude". i did nothing wrong and this person lied right through their teeth to get me in trouble. most of the people i work with just don't have real lives and they do what they can to make others miserable. i can't work like that.i've looked for other jobs but the disadvantages outweigh the positive. it's a state job with benefits and it would be almost near impossible to be fired but it's a dead-end job. i've been there 12 yrs in aug. and i'm still the same pay grade. there are 3 items ahead of me and the only way i can advance is if one of them quits, dies or retires and the next one to go will be in 13 years. we've had our health insurance increase about 3 times in the past 2 years so the paycheck decreases. i'm making less now than i did 2 years ago.(see, this is why i don't like posting rants. i'm whining now).i know i souldn't complain but i've been doing what i do now for over 34 years and it doesn't seem to be getting any easier especially when i can run circles around the other guys that are ahead of me.the fact that i have 5 children doesn't make things easier.i know, don't say it! i've heard it a thousand times. i know it's my fault but i love my children and i'm not giving them back. i just can't take another pay cut. my other job has been slow and he's been cutting back on my hours too. the price of heating oil and electricity has jumped my monthly bills by almost 400$. this hurts too when you're on a tight budget.i better quit whinning before i start getting pissed. you don't want to see me pissed.all in all i've had a lousy beginning to a new year.i'll try to post with a better attitude next time.i think i need a new career.anyone out there need a good chef?(resume's forwarded on request)



posted by doublebogie at 9:50 am
1 comments






tuesday, january 10, 2006



	 
	 remembering karen
	 
    


two years ago today, jan. 10-04, at about 4 in the afternoon, my wifes mother karen was killed in an auto accident on the way to afternoon services at our local church. this was not just any accident, it was a horrific hit and run collision. my father-in-law was driving and karen was in the passenger seat. right behind karen was my 11 year old son and sitting next to him was his friend. a man,(whom i will not repeat his name) tried to pass their car in a no-passing zone, realized he wasn't going to make it and moved back over into their lane where it struck them sideways and shoved the car across the lane of traffic and eventually was hit broad-side by an oncomming truck.karen was rendered unconscious by the collision and landed in my son's lap when her seat broke due to the force of the impact. the inside of your nanna's skull is something an 11 year old is not supposed to see. my father-in-law also sustained massive trauma in the crash and to this day has not driven a vehicle. my son and his friend were rushed to the hospital and released with minor bruises and seatbelt abraisions. the detective on the scene sped to the service my wife was already attending and pulled her out of her seat and brought her to the accident scene. she, herself, has not been back to that church. karen never regained her vital signs and was pronounced dead on jan. 12. (one day before my youngest son had his first birthday).when she called me at work in a panic, i wasn't sure what was going on. she said she had to get to the helicopter to go with her mom. i think i was in a state of shock by then. she told me i had to get to the local hospital to meet my son who would be there alone. i had no idea he was even involved in the crash. when he arrrived in the ambulance covered with his grandma's blood i was more nervous than any parent should have the right to be. he looked at me, shaking, and said, "it's not my blood daddy,,, it's nana's". i was beside myself.i sincerely apologize for the graphic nature of this post but as hard as it is to read you can only imagine how hard it was to deal with. all i could do was be strong for my 5 children and my wife.the real reason for this post is to praise karen's life.today, jan. 10 is the 2 year anniversary of the accident and although the pain has subsided a little, last year was just a blur and somewhat still of a shock. i know this year will be harder. i plan to take the day off to be with my wife. i had recently posted about karen last month. the post is titled, "time lost". it contains a poem written by a dear friend of karen's. i hope you get the time to read it because it sums up her life, (and death) beautifully.some time today, say a prayer for karen.say a prayer for my wife and son.say a prayer for my father-in-law, bob.    say a prayer for strength and peace.



posted by doublebogie at 6:00 am
3 comments






monday, january 09, 2006



	 
	 "in your eyes"  chapter four (adult content)
	 
    


when i awoke i was still holding you with my arm draped across your back, still in the position i was in when i stroked you to sleep. i had no idea what time it was 'till i looked at the clock, it just clicked over to read 12:46 am. we slept for about 4 hours and my body was still sluggish as i moved my hand up to run my fingers through your hair. all the excitement from the previous hours had exhausted me and i could tell you felt the same. you laid flat and turned your head towards me, opened your beautiful eyes with a few blinks and whispered, "mmm, yea honey, that feels nice on my neck". "how long did we sleep"? i continued to kneed your sore muscles and replied, "only about 4 hours". "how are you feeling sweetie"? "just wonderful", you said. "i could use a shower though honey, how 'bout you"? i could see the smirk in your eyes as you asked, like you weren't too interested in really bathing.i remembered the brochure read about a sauna and hot tub out on the deck that overlooks the lake. "hey! wanna go take in a sauna"? i asked, knowing you probably didn't want to brave the cold at this hour of the night. to my suprise your eyebrows raised and an excited look came across your face. "oh yea! that sounds like fun. the nice hot water and the cold crisp air would feel great right about now. but what about the other guests, won't they see us"? "i'm not sure, we'll have to check it out and see. it's almost one in the morning, i doubt anyone will be awake".we made our way down the stairs that led outside and found the deck without any problem. it was pretty cold out but not too chilly to be uncomfortable. if you didn't mind, i sure as hell was going right along as your lead. we had to walk to the other end that was fenced in. i hadn't seen it before in the daylight but now that it was right in front of me i don't know how i missed it before now. i don't think i noticed too much of anything that day but your face, your eyes, the shape of your body as you walked. you had that dancer's strut, confident, sure of yourself. i love that about you. i watched the way your lips curled around your words when you spoke. i was taken in by you. everything about you moved me that day.the spa looked fairly large for the small area it took up and the hot tub was more than ample size to fit the both of us comfortably. by the looks of the location and the fence around the spa, we had nothing to worry about with any of the other guests which was a relief to both of us. i turned on the controls and heard the jets start to bubble and the heating unit begin to hum. it didn't take very long for the steam to rise in the spa and soon we were pulling the robes we wore off our shoulders. we sat and pulled close to one another to warm us until the water was hot enough. i had my arms wrapped around you tight as i looked into your eyes. you had the most peaceful, tranquil smile on your lips, like you had just found a new paradise, a new kind of drug. i could tell you were happy for once in your life. something you haven't felt in a long time. i reveled in the fact that i could be there to share your joy. i was feeling that same serenity every second i was with you.i leaned forward and kissed you. gently, i licked at your mouth, sucking in your lips as i grazed my hand across the back of your neck and pulled you closer, wanting your kiss deeper. i cradled your face as my hands stroked you dampened hair. slowly i moved my hands down to your breasts and massaged them. softly, my palms worked around your erect nipples in small circles. i move to take them into my mouth. i can taste the sweat that begins to collect on your skin and lick it off with my tongue.you lean back against the seat and release a sigh while my tongue glides across your skin. your hands grab at the back of my head and you pull me tighter to your breasts. i can't keep my hands from exploring your body. they move over every inch of your skin with little effort due to the steam and sweat.i move in front of you and lift your body up to the top of the bench and place my hands on your knees and spread your legs. i move into you and wrap my arms around you as my hips graze the insides of your thighs. i can feel the wetness of your hot pussy rubbing against my stomach. i stay put, devouring your pert breasts and nibbling your rock hard nipples. i kiss my way down your body and lick along the center of your belly till i reach your hips. i bite, suck and lick my way to right above your glistening pussy lips. i can see how wet you are, how hot you've gotten. i can hear the panting of your breaths as i move my mouth closer. your hands tangle in my hair as you struggle to pull me closer. i pull back slightly, teasing your pussy, making you want me. i suck at your thigh so hard i leave a hickey. moving to the other leg i lick my way higher, closer to your pulsing pussy lips. i dart my tongue out and lick at the outer lips once. i feel you shudder. twice, and you pull at my hair. your legs come up and envelope my shoulders as i move my hands down to hold your ass. i can't wait any more. i lick at the bottom of your pussy and stroke my tongue up the length of you. up and down and then in small circles till i reach your firery clit. i hear you moan as i suck it into my mouth and flick my hot tongue over it. your legs clamp down on my head as you force your pussy into my face. the sweet taste of your pussy and your sweat mingles on my tongue. i lap at you furiously, digging my fingers into the soft flesh of your ass. your hips are off the bench as you buck your hips up to meet my tongue, wanting my face deeper into you. i can feel your body shaking as you start to cum. i take one of my fingers and slip it into your well lubed ass that's been moistened by your flowing cunt. i pull you into me closer as i drive my tongue as deep as i can into your burning pussy. you sense the first wave of orgasm crash from inside you as i open my mouth wider to savor your juices. you scream out with a gutteral moan, clutch my head with your thighs and grab at my hair with your fingers as i continue to slurp on your dripping pussy. you explode into my mouth with the force of a hurricane as i scrape my fingers at your asshole and my tongue feverously lapping at your clit. your trying hard to breath as you unload a tidal wave of cum into my mouth and i eagerly swallow every drop. you calm down slightly but don't let go of my head. i wait patiently for you to finish giving me all your pussy has to offer as your body quivers and your pussy spurts the last of your sweet fluids into my mouth.i finally feel you calm down, breathing still heavy as your loosen your grip on me. i look up at you smiling, still content with licking soft strokes across you pouty lips. "mmmmm, oh my god, that was fantastic", i hear you exclaim through clentched teeth. "i could tell", i said. "i most certainly enjoyed it too".you lay back, still panting, as i stood up out of the water and leaned forward to kiss your dry lips. moving forward i took my cock in my hand and rubbed it over your drentched pussy. slowly inserting the head into you i heard you let out a slight moan again. you reach up and take my face in your hands and kiss me deeply as i easily drive my hardness into your wet cunt. you bring your legs up and around my waist and pull my cock into you, keeping time with my thrusts. i know it won't take me long to cum. the magnificent taste of your pussy still on my lips was driving me to the edge already. i could feel my cock pulse in your hot pussy as i was closer now. with a few more strokes i was feeling my balls swell and my head get light. i couldn't take it any longer as i felt you pulling me harder with your legs and your fingers scratching at my ass. i was screaming as i dumped what seemed like an ocean of cum into your hot pussy. my thrusts were erratic as i came, with you pulling me into you. i had all i could do to hold myself up against the railing of the tub.as i unloaded the last of my cum into you i collapsed on top of you with a huge sigh, all of the breath leaving my lungs at once. "ahh, ohh, my, god", was all i could utter, my body spent, my balls empty. we both just lay together for a long while, holding one another, not wanting to let go.we stayed in the hot spa for a while till we felt strong enough to get our things together and head back to the room. we didn't say a word, although i could see you giggling and smiling on the walk back.i suppose i had the same shit eating grin on my face as i wondered what kind of a morning we would have the next day.



posted by doublebogie at 7:54 pm
2 comments






sunday, january 01, 2006



	 
	 happy new year!
	 
    


ok, it's official. it is now 2006 and i just got home from work.yipeeee!i really don't see what the big deal is. i've never been one to reminisce about the past or dwell on the new year either for that matter. i've never made a new years resolution in my life. i figure if it's something i really need to do, why wait for this day to do it and not any other day. it's just another work day to me. as a matter of fact it's the busiest day of the year except for mother's day. i have never rung in the new year at a party or even gone to dinner or just "out" for the night. we in the restaurant business call it, "amature night" and i've worked every new years eve since i can remember. i really don't want to bring everyone down at this festive time in your lives but new years eve has never done anything for me. for all of you out and having a wonderful time, i wish you safety and joy and the hope that this new year will bring you peace and love.



posted by doublebogie at 12:30 am
2 comments






friday, december 30, 2005



	 
	 ok! but i really don't have much to post about
	 
    


unlike some of you, i don't post everyday. i wish i could but i really don't have anything new and exciting to say. like i've mentioned before, this is a very busy time of year for me. my son has wrestling tournaments that i go to and i still have both jobs i have to attend to. plus i do what i can to help my wife with the other 4 children who want to go everywhere possible this week that they're off.  just to give you an idea of how my week has been...fri. 12/24, get up at 5am, get to work at 7am (an hr away) get off 2 hrs early,(1pm) go home, try to get in a 1/2 hr nap, take a shower at 4, go to my other job at 5, work till 10pm, stay awake till 1 am.sat. xmas eve day. go to other job at 1 pm, work my ass off, (very busy night) till 11pm, stay up till 1am, fall asleep and forget to wake wife up at 3am, (she woke up on her own),  put out gifts.xmas day.. ok, ok i didn't do anything. but we did have 25 pple in the house all day.mon.12/26,  get up at 5, go to work at 7, get home at 4pm. pick up my other son at the skate park by 8pm.tue. 12/27, get up at 4:30am, take my son to catch bus for tourney, go to work, get off 4 hrs early to go to said tourney and rant, scream, bite my nails, coach, and pace for the next 8 hrs. get home by 8:30 pm, get to sleep by 12pm.wed. 12/28, wake up at 5am, go to work at 7 am, leave 5 hrs early and go to second day of tourney and continue to pace, scream, bite my nails and watch my son place 5th out of the 18 teams that attended. get home by 8:30, get to sleep by 11pm.thurs. 12/29. wake up at 3am, take my son to catch another bus to another tourney that will be 4 hrs away, go home, shower, go to work at 7am get home at 4pm and pass out from exhuastion by 10pm.fri. 12/30, (today) get up at 5am go to work at 7, get off 2 hrs early, write this post, try to get in a half hr nap before i go to my other job at the restaurant at 5pm, work till 10pm, maybe get to sleep by 1 or 2 am.tomorrow, new years eve, go to work probably at 11am, work my ass completely off on the busiest night of the year, hope to get done by 12am go home and try to crash so i can get up and go in at noon the next day to work new yrs day for another 9 hrs, go home and try go get some sleep so i can go back to my other job at 7 am. i'm sure some of you have it rougher than i do but i haven't really had too much else to post about.if i don't get the chance,,,,let me say.....happy new year to each and every one of you!



posted by doublebogie at 2:25 pm
3 comments






sunday, december 25, 2005



	 
	 hey!  my tree's on fire!
	 
    


'twas the night before christmas....this was snapped right before we set the presents out. the quality wasn't as good as i thought it would be but it came out kinda cool.that barren space around the tree wasn't so barren this morning. little did i know my father-in-law sprung for all the gifts for the kids to the tune of about a thousand bucks! it made it a very merry christmas for the kids.i hope everyone is having a very merry christmas and cleaning up all that wrapping left all over the house. don't forget the wire cutters and box knife to get into most of those vault like sealed packages.do me one more favor.read the instructions!those toys were made by elves who's common sense we will never understand.merry christmas to all!



posted by doublebogie at 2:03 pm
2 comments






friday, december 23, 2005



	 
	 time lost
	 
    


hope everyone is enjoying the holiday season. i've been a little preoccupied with some other things in my life this year, thus the reason i haven't been posting lately. this is, afterall, a very busy time of year for me being in the restaurant business. christmas parties and such. plus, i'm a cook in a state prison and it's also been very busy with the turnover of a new menu cycle and end of year inventories.having five children to christmas shop for is quite a headache as well. i don't think i've been this far behind in my bills before and it lends itself to uneasy feelings and emotions around this time of year too.the real reason for this post is to talk about my mother-in-law.two years ago on sat. jan. 10th, while in their car on the way to church, at 4 in the afternoon,,  my wife's mom, dad, my son tim,(11 at the time) and my son's friend were struck by another vehicle trying to pass them in a no-passing zone. he then struck them a second time and shoved their car across the highway where they were then collided with an oncoming truck. the driver that caused this horrific accident fled the scene.my mother-in-law sustained most of the collision and landed on my son's lap who was seated behind her. she suffered immediate brain trauma and was flown to westchester medical center. i was at work at the time and was told by my frantic wife to get to the hospital to get timmy because he would be there alone. i had no idea he was even in the car. imagine my horror as the ambulance doors opened and i saw my father-in-law on a stretcher and my son covered in karens blood and in a neck collar. he was so frightened and scared when he told me,, "it's not my blood daddy, it's nana's." i wanted to hold him but they were in a rush to get him and bob to the er. my wife had already gone to the med center with my sister-in-law which was about 100 miles away.the next two days were the most horrible to bear because karen was alive only with the aid of a respirator and heart meds. bob was not conscious enough to make a decision to terminate life support and my wife and her brother needed a lawyer to pass along the needed documents. long story short, we had to wait till the state gave a series of tests to legally prove her to be passed away which was 2 days later on the 12th.i'm not writing all this to put anyone in a depressed mood. i just wanted to tell you about karens life.karen was a paraprofessional in our school district for over 20 years, teaching special needs children. she was so loved in our community that she was recieved by over 1500 friends, family members, and coworkers. the mayor even had the flags at city hall lowered to half staff in honor of her the day of her funeral. she was the best friend my wife ever had and i know of no other mother-daughter relationship as close as theirs. karen was a devoted wife to bob for 43 years, a caring mother of 3,(my wife's brother bobby was killed in an auto accident in "79), and a loving grandmother to my 5 children. my youngest son turned one year old the day after they pronounced her dead. it will always hurt to know she never got to see his first birthday. she still had his presents in the trunk of the car the day of the accident.i'm not really sure why i'm writing this right now but maybe for therapeutic reasons. my wife was in shock last year and it hadn't all really set in on the first anniversary of her death at christmas time. this year is different though. she's having a very hard time dealing with this and i felt like i had to do something to praise karens' life in some way.what i really wanted to do, is share with you, a poem written by a very dear friend of karen's. i believe it sums up her amazing spirit and her love of life.                                 karen                      fare thee well gentle soul.       your swift departure has summoned the most selfish of emotions      from the most unfathomable populace, and we pray for forgiveness.      the word was spoken and you feared not the time, place, nor moment.      the impact of your death was equivalent of the impact of your life.           and this irony does not escape those of us left behind.        and, though your labours have ceased, your journey continues.                     high and far beyond our grasp.                      fare thee well gentle soul.           whose light and goodness scattered like the lithe and       random path of a butterfly- lightly touching down here and there,                beautifying the landscape- if only for a moment.                         gentle, wise, loving.           but with a rumble afforded only a true force of nature.           and in this new place of goodness, you shall reign queen.            empress of the nonchalant. mistress of the easy spirit.                       we pray for your everlasting life.         we pray for your loved ones who search for peace and serenity.            we pray for the legions of angels who beseech you not to                         shine so much brighter than they.                       fare thee well gentle soul.               'tis a grand inheritance you've left us all.i sincerely wish all of you peace and serenity this year and i hope every one of you gets to share this holiday season with loved ones and friends. there's peace, hope and joybut nothing greater than.... love!



posted by doublebogie at 11:20 pm
4 comments






wednesday, december 14, 2005



	 
	 which reindeer am i ?
	 
    


thanks snav.you are cupida total romantic, you're always crushing on a new reindeer.why you're naughty: you've caused so much drama, all the reindeers aren't speaking to each other.why you're nice: you have a knack for playing matchmaker. you even hooked rudolph up!which of santa's reindeer are you?



posted by doublebogie at 1:33 am
4 comments






sunday, december 11, 2005



	 
	 santa down!
	 
    


i saw the coolest and inspiring thing last night on the way home from my son's wrestling tournament.in my town there is a local bicycle club. i've always seen them riding here and there, up town, down town and pretty much all over town. i've always considered them to be a bit annoying at times. they're usually riding in the late afternoon, i assume after they've come home from work, mostly between the hours of 6pm and 9pm. they are however, a considerate bunch of guys and gals. they ride in single file and obey all traffic laws and they do have bike lights blinking when it turns dark.  the only thing that's really annoying is that there are about 30 to 40 riders. this can cause some traffic delays and tie ups at times.i never really thought too much about them except for when i have to wait through a traffic light turning red then green and red again. i've probably cussed at them a few times. but.........last night as i was crossing the railroad tracks by the high school, there they were, about 50 of them! blocking crossing traffic so they could all pass. they all had flashing, blinking christmas lights all over their bikes and some were towing those little bike carts behind them. the thing that got my attention the most was that there were all wearing santa suits. believe me, it was quite a sight.all of a sudden a couple of them fell on the slippery iced road. they all stopped and ran around yelling,,  "santa down""santa down""ho ho ho""santa down"all the cars around them stopped and a few of them jumped out to help them get back on the saddle. they were all laughing and having what seemed to be a wonderful time. it was the funniest thing i'd seen in years.when i got home i told my wife about it and she said that for the past 3 years they started a "christmas ride". they cycle all over town and collect christmas presents donated from caring families and businesses and deliver them right to the homes of children who may have needed a helping hand during the holiday season. all this donned in their santa atire.i was floored!i suddenly forgot about all the problems i've been having myself this christmas. it almost made me want to go tune up my old ten speed and join the club. it was the first time this year i thought about what christmas is really all about. i've been so depressed about my own financial difficulties and worried how i was going to make this a happy year for my kids, that i had forgotten about being happy myself. i mean it's pretty hard when you only see the commercialization that it's come to represent lately. this has been a tough year and it's gotten me down, out of the spirit, no "ho ho ho". we all see groups and organizations giving and donating to needy families. that group of riders last night really brought it all "home" for me.so when you think you've been diss'ed by not being able to find that i-pod, that star wars box set, or that playstation 2 you've been looking for,, i sincerely hope that all of you stop for just one minute this year and think about all the other unfortunate people who won't have a merry christmas. all the brave men and women overseas,, the displaced families in neworleans,, and the countless others who won't have a christmas at all.  i think from now on i won't be so impatient when i see that group riding down the highway next time.happy holidays to everyone!



posted by doublebogie at 8:39 am
3 comments






monday, december 05, 2005



	 
	 after careful consideration...
	 
    


i write my stories for reaction and excitement.i also enjoy when people like my stories and the fantasies they portray. the last story i wrote was written for those of you who like the darker side of sexual encounters. it was not my intention to shock, or offend anyone. after some serious consideration, i have decided to remove that entry from my blog. i also thought about the content and realized it just about bordered on abuse. it was a very difficult fantasy for me to write because i've never had the thought of hurting a woman physicaly in my entire life. i really am a "make love, not war" kind of guy and the mere thought of harming or scarring a woman in any way is offensive to even myself. (although, i'm sure i've broken a few hearts in my years).for those of you who may have been offended, i offer my heartfelt apologies.for those of you who may have liked it.. i'll save it in my files and would be happy to forward it to you upon request.i hope i don't lose any of my readers as a result of this last post because i truely do love each and every one of you. i've met some fascinating people here and want to continue meeting as many more as i possibly can. thank you sincerely for listening.



posted by doublebogie at 7:08 pm
6 comments






friday, december 02, 2005



	 
	 i'm back
	 
    


well... the training went as i assumed it would. everybody bowing at the administrations feet. all the big wigs were gloating about how much they do and how smart they are. it was almost nausiating. the biggest shame was the other people that were in the training doing a lot of ass kissing too. yuck! i kept my mouth shut and observed mostly. i couldn't believe how stupid the other cooks are. they asked the dumbest questions. all in all it was nice to get away for 2 and a half days. the first part of the training was interesting. the food production center is huge. they prepare all the "cook/chill" food for all the prisons across the entire state. for those of you who don't know what cook chill is,,, 2 gal, boil-in bags of ready to heat and serve meals. we get appoximately 300 to 400 bags in a week. we have 1200 inmates in our prison. one meal alone will use about 33 2 gal. bags of chili and 33 bags of soup for example. it's a big undertaking to control all of it and coordinate all the other frozen meals too. "cook/chill" takes up about 40% of our menu and the food production handles all of that for the 70,000 people incarcerated in our state prisons. now that is a huge undertaking! that doesn't include county, city or local jail systems. yup! we got a lot o' bad folk in our state.they took us out for dinner on tues and wed. nice family style food but boring company. i did go to the casino that night. i walked in with 50$ and walked out with 120$. i noticed there was a show that night too and just happened to catch "bare naked ladies" just as they went onstage. it was a good show, fun.the next day yeilded another story though. i lost the 120 and dipped into my card for more than that! ewwwwwww! i never do that but,, what the hell... i had fun people watching and drinking sodas all night. anyway,, it was an intersesting 3 days and the day back at work made me appreciate pampering myself once in a while. i just hope they never send me to another area again that has a casino close by.



posted by doublebogie at 9:05 pm
1 comments






sunday, november 27, 2005



	 
	 c'ya in a few days
	 
    


nothing really new to write about in my boring life. just want to say i hope everyone has a good week. i have to go about 3 hrs away for training this week. it's for my job at the prison. we have to tour the food production center. yuck! it's going to be boring as hell. it's nothing but an ass kissing convention. all the mucky mucks in high places touting about how wonderful they are and what a great job they're doing for the state prison system. i'm not an ass kisser so i'll be very content keeping my mouth shut and simply paying attention. i'm not crazy about going up there but hell,, they're paying for everything so i figure it will be nothing but a few days away by myself. i think i'll take my fishing gear and see how the steelheads are running. i might also get a chance to work on chapter 4 if i have time. i know there's a computer at the hotel i'm staying because i found out it's the one i stayed at when my son competed in the state wrestling tournament 2 yrs ago.   there's a casino down the road about 7 miles but i haven't got the money to play with so maybe i'll just stay in the room and masterbate for the whole 3 days.who knows,,, it might be a relaxing 3 days.see everyone on the weekend and have a great week.



posted by doublebogie at 1:57 pm
1 comments






friday, november 25, 2005



	 
	 things overheard at my house on thanksgiving
	 
    


all in all it was a good day but i'm still suprised at some of the things that were said during the day. it was quite an interesting day to say the least.my sister-in-law to me,,,"hey, why does your adams apple look so big?"huh? i don't get it.. where the hell did that come from? this is coming from a woman who said to me one day as i was coming home from work to find her and my wife giggling about something...."don't worry, we're not talking about your mother."my sister-in-law's brother-in-law to my brother..   "you mean to tell me that john madden's eight legged turkey isn't a real         retarded  turkey?"my brother to him...   no, j. it's not real. they just put the extra legs on there to make it look cool."j to my brother...   "all these years i've been thinking it was a real eight legged retarded turkey?"!!! "you're kidding , right?"me and my brother....    laughing out loud!!!! my sister-in-law's mother to me....   "isn't that too hot to put on the table?"i don't know, i must be a jerk, i've been cooking for over 35 years you'd think i would have the smarts not to put something down that would be too hot! duh! they always talk to me like i'm an idiot. this is also coming from a woman whom i had to give the heimlick  to, to save her life after she woofed too much roast beef trying not to let us see her sneaking it last year.things were going fairly well until my wife's aunt gave grace and mentioned the passing of my mother-in-law, along with her father and her sister-in-law the past year and a half. it was a tough 2 years. my wife broke down. it took me a few minutes to calm her down.i didn't hear too much else because i was downstairs in my other kitchen preparing the meal or doing the dishes pretty much the whole day. this was actually a good thing. and the number one bomb dropped on me yesterday was by my youngest brother,, the one i just catered the wedding for 2 months ago, sept 10th.....bro,,,, "hey brudda, guess what?!!"me,,,  "i can't imagine,, what?"bro,,,"my wife just filed for a divorce this week."me,,, "you're joking, right?"bro,,, "nope!"yup! an interesting day to say the least!hope everybody's day was great!



posted by doublebogie at 3:12 pm
2 comments






wednesday, november 23, 2005



	 
	 happy hnt
	 
    


nekkid in all it's glory!big enough for 24 people! mind you, that's a standard size kitchen stove with 4 burners. 27 pounds is a lotta bird!what's the difference between a turkey and pussy?(with the turkey you stuff it, then eat it,, the pussy you eat first, then stuff!)no "dressing" required!



posted by doublebogie at 8:27 pm
6 comments






sunday, november 20, 2005



	 
	 an unfortunate invasion
	 
    


well... we had a white supremist rally in our quiet little town yesterday. it was the biggest waste of our tax money that i've ever seen.it seems there was a white boy at the high school that got in a fight with a black boy and the mother, (ignorant as she is) called the kkk to tell them about it. neo-nazi, white supremist, hal turner from nj has been spewing about it on his website and radio talk show for about a month now, vowing to,,"rid that town of racial black on white hate crimes" bullshit! it was a couple of kids who got in a fight! my son attends that school and said the goth, half shaved head, pierced faced, punk dick head that got hit, walked past the black kid and called him the "n" word. i can't blame the kid for giving him a crack. that's the most vile word in our english language. anyway,, the whole thing gets blown out of proportion and this hal turner guy starts name calling and going on about "black on white" hate crimes going on in our school. he's an out of towner who has no idea what the fuck he's taking about! as it seems the whole town disagreed with his message. he's been planning this rally for weeks and when it finally kicked off there were only about 40 of his supporters and about 75 anti "turner" protesters. the mayor of our town has been urging the people to "stay away" from this idiocy and that the police presence would be vast and it seemed to have worked. it only goes to show that we have far more intelligent folks in this town that want nothing to do with this lunacy. there were about 300 city, state, town and local police including the fbi in attendance. fortunatly there was absolutely no violence and no arrests accept the assinine words being vomited from turners mouth. i never thought i'd see the day when skin-heads and swastika wearing nazis would march down my streets. turner also said he'd be back to "waste our tax money" with police overtime until this, what he calls, black on white violence in our school has been solved to his satisfaction. the biggest mystery to me was that i was amazed at the attention this asshole commanded! he had an fbi escort with about 50 state police cars and police snipers on the roofs all along his route. i am in total agreement with his right to free speech, but this was the biggest waste of our tax money i've ever witnessed. i think maybe the next time he comes to town we should just let him stroll on in by himself. i doubt he'd have the guts!!!!!



posted by doublebogie at 8:27 am
3 comments











about me

name:  doublebogie 
location:  hudson valley, ny, united states 
i'm a mid-40's married, career dad, workaholic. 

i spend way too much time thinking about sex and not enough time enjoying it. i figured if i couldn't get what i needed at home, i'd write about my fantasies here and at least share with you what i wish i was doing every other day of the week.

"come" join me!
view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

life happens, tests and the strength of job
a short explanation (not an excuse)
woweeee
still here
yes i'm still alive!
happy mothers day!
what a month!
the latest 411
day off
ugh!

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
november 2006
march 2007
may 2007
september 2007













