



racism shock therapy in diversity education: american pictures!










for 40 years the most popular lecture on racism, oppression and social injustice 
with more than 7,000 presentations in american and european higher education:
 



















                        choose language for site map to 22,098 web pages with 
						23,000 pictures
 


new 
						on my old 
					(-fashioned) website:

 





vælg 
					sprog for oversigt over 
                   22.098 web sider med 23,000 billeder

 








						 




my memoirs 
								"on saying yes"
 





								my memoirs have just been 


published in danish. 
								 

								you can read the
								
								most interesting chapters here in english 
								about how
								
								i made american pictures as a vagabond - and 
								how i have since stopped the book from being 
								published worldwide
								
								because the kgb wanted to use it against america.

								 









								my slideshow "american pictures"
 








								i have presented my "american pictures" slide 
								show more than 7,000 times in 46 years - 


30 years in these american 
								universities.
								now you can stream it directly into your 
								classrooms and homes. 
								here 
								


in english 
								or 


danish 

								or 


norwegian.







								my dialogue center "the ubuntu house"
 





								the proceeds supported the anti-apartheid 
								struggle in southern africa. today, in my old 
								headquarters, with the insights from my 
								workshops at american universities, i have 
								opened the dialogue center, 


the ubuntu house, with mandela's daughter as patron.











my 
								documentary photo art exhibitions
 








								my photos have been shown in many 



								art exhibitions


								in european museums. 
								see "faith, hope and love" at moma louisiana
								


in english or
								


in danish.
								read how 


arthur jafa was inspired by 
								my photos.
								



								or follow my photos and exhibitions
								
								on instagram.






!!!  please note, that i haven't had time to update 
						my old website here for modern browsers. 
						 





for danskere 
						specielt:










læs her 
						om 
						hvordan 

						weekendavisen - som den eneste 
						egentlige 
						modstand jeg nogensinde fik - opdigtede og manipulerede sine "fake 
						news" om amerikanske billeder.
						 





                         

 
                  
 
                  
 
                  
 
                  
 
                  
 
                  
 
                  
 
                  
 
                  
 
                  

 
                  






 
 


 



						during recent years i have seen a lot of my photographed 
						friends from "american pictures" pas 
 
 





 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 


 




 
 


 




                             
                                  jacob holdt: my welcome page
                                        			to american pictures
 





 




more than 20.000 pictures of racism, poverty 
                                        and white hate groups
 





 



                                        background -
                                        from 
                                        vagabond to renown speaker
                                        on racism
 





 



                                        the slideshow - 


                                        can 
                                        racism and poverty be entertaining?
 





 


													the book - 

													a best selling sociology textbook
 





 


													reviews 
of the 
                                        multimedia-show, book and racism workshop
 





 





how to book 
													me and the slide
                                        show
 





 




										articles 
                                        on racism, conflict and healing
 





 




movies 
													on my anti-racism work
 





 





my work in poor countries
 





 




													exhibitions 
													of my photos in museums and 
													galleries
 





 



													aside from "american 
													pictures", what are my other lectures?
 





 





my family's roots 4,100 years back in history!
 





 




how to contact me or where 
													you can see my lectures
 





 



my personal and relaxing
													 
homepage
 





 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 

 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        
 
                                        


"american pictures"
                                        - a tool against racism 
 

racism in america, in europe or universally: american pictures is an audio-visual anti-racism program which in an effective, entertaining and moving way shows the ultimate cost of racial 
                                        discrimination, segregation and ghettoization of ethnic minorities. jacob holdt's pictures of poverty, oppression, slavery and injustice in the black underclass are used widely for racial prejudice reduction and multicultural diversity training in 
                                        universities, colleges and high schools, but are also excellent for sociology conventions and human rights seminars. 

jacob holdt's photography of despairing poor black ghettos and mind crippling child poverty as the end result of white supremacy and institutionalized inequality and injustice - not to speak 
                                        of his shocking portrayal of extremist white hate groups, ku klux klan and neo nazis and even mass murderers - seems to belong in a distant history, but is made long after the civil rights struggle. his documentary slideshow has for 25 years been the 
                                        most used black history month events and freshman orientation programs with the longest track record ever on the american campus lecture circuit. as a former hitchhiking vagabond turned professional speaker, danish photographer and author jacob holdt 
                                        has become a must in race relations wherever the emphasis is on multiculturalism, diversity training and conflict resolution.  

 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 

 
 
 


 





 
 


 
 
												jacob holdt: min velkomstside om amerikanske billeder
 





 


over 10.000 af 
												mine billeder af racisme, fattigdom og racevold
 





 

 
                                        fra vagabond til foredragsholder om racisme
 





 





                                        			lysbilledshowet amerikanske billeder - 
													racisme som underholdning? 

 





 

													bogen amerikanske 
												billeder - 




                                        			lærebog i sociologi 
												og racisme
 





 


													omtale 
af mine lysbilledshows, bøger, 
												udstillinger og racisme workshops
 





 




hvordan man booker mine foredrag
 





 


racisme, konfliktløsning og heling
 





 




												mine artikler i den danske 
												dagspresse
 





 




interviews og film med mig 
													fra tv og radio
 






 




mine fotoudstillinger i ind 
													og udland
 






 




hvad mine andre foredrag udover amerikanske 
												billeder handler om
 





 



													mit arbejde med 
													fattigdomsbekæmpelse for care og ibis
 





 
 
													min slægtsforskning med rødder 4,100 
												år tilbage i historien
 





 




												hvor du kan se mine foredrag 
												rundt om i landet
 





 


 "min 
													hjemmeside" med de mindre 
													alvorlige sider om og af mig
 





 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



                   




 


copyright © 2002; all rights reserved


