








lively hope: apologetic indexes about many 'christian' movements, graphic gallery, dvd/ cd library, bookstore, newsletters, blogs 







       

       

       



       

       

       



       

       

       





 




 c e p h a s .m i n i s t r i e s





 



 welcome to our website.

biblically based christian
      research became our job and a necessity when a number of major
      denominations, radio and television "evangelicals"
      took a decided turn to the left and brought the world into the
      church rather then the church into the world. the salt of the
      earth became sugar, some even promising 100 fold return for donations.
      but that wasn't all. behind it all emerged their job, the new
      move to unify all religions including cults, that fosters the
      current political agenda of a man-made peace at all cost. the
      job of popular evangelicals, the promise keepers, march for jesus
      and thousands of other organized religious groups focuses on
      "christianizing" cults such as islam, mormons, jehovah's
      witnesses, masons, moonies and thousands of fringe groups. it
      is called







unity in diversity?  






 common denominators
    essential to this new final church prophesied in the scripture
    have the effect of anti christ teachings. their job to assimilate
    all cults and cultures seems to send the message that just about
    anything goes "it is covered by the blood".

our job is research. it
      has brought to the surface that some "christians" in
      high position condone: rock music, proven to be of satanic origin,
      homosexuality, abortion, divorce, communication with spirits,
      consulterers of spirits, necromancy, lying tongues, transexuality,
      thoughts and ways to oppress the poor, a heart with wicked imaginations,
      feet that be swift running mischief, bearing false witness, prostitution,
      conscious intentional falsehoods, following other gods, astrology,
      and not to forget, "that which is highly esteemed among
      men is abomination in the sight of god" (luke 16:15).



it is our job to relate god's answer to it, which
      is not
"come up hither" but "depart, i
      never knew you."
 
      the holy spirit warns us in revelation 21:27 "and
      there shall in no wise enter into it ("it" being the
      new jerusalem or god's presence) anything that defileth neither
      whatsoever worketh abomination or maketh a lie: but they which
      are written in the lamb's book of life.





 the job of born again
    christians is to teach that becoming born again means to convert,
    to separate from worldliness. "he that overcometh, the same
    shall be clothed in white raiment; and i will not blot out
    his name out of the book of life, but i will confess his
    name before my father, and before his angels. he that hath an
    ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches."
    (revelation 3:5,6) 
    our website is about proving to you that "christianity"
    is rapidly tumbling into apostasy. the times of the gentiles
    are about to come to a close. because cults like mormons, masons,
    jehovah's witnesses, moonies, robert schuller, catholics, word
    of faith, promise keepers, and many others call themselves christians
    (christ's) doesn't make it so.
it is our job as christians,
    christ's, to discern the truth by comparing biblical teachings
    to their teachings. our sole purpose is to seek to alert christians
    about cults and bible prophecies. our focus is eternal life with
    christ jesus. welcome to our ministry.

"god saw the light, that it was good: and god divided
      the light from the darkness." gen. 1:4. no sooner is there
      a good thing in the world than a division is necessary. light
      and darkness have no communion. god has divided them; let us
      not confound them. sons of light must not have fellowship with
      deeds, doctrines, or deceits of darkness. the children of the
      day must be sober, honest and bold in their lord's work, leaving
      the works of darkness to those who shall dwell in it forever.
      we should by our distinct separation from the world divide the
      light from the darkness. in judgment, in action, in hearing,
      in teaching, in association, we must discern between the precious
      and the vile, and maintain the great distinction which the lord
      made upon the world's first day " [spurgeon on light &
      darkness].





.



 




 
        h o m e p a g e s 









 




 




 (in accordance
              with title 17 u.s.c. section 107, this material is distributed
              without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
              receiving the included information for research and educational
              purposes.)










 cephas ministries (1992) - po box
        351944 - westminster co 80035 ------ r421@earthlink.net 
      








 tell
            your friends about us and thank you for visiting cephas ministries (http://www.go-cephas.com)
            

 







& & & 
- fast track links to network -
            cephas newsletters
            cephas ministries
            final call
            come on down jesus
            get saved
            go cephas index
            bible online kjv mp3s
            rapture watch
            lds apologetics
            jw apologetics
            catholic apologetics
            freemasonry
            scripture studies
            prophecy
            biblical articles
            contact
            



             



copyright
      © 1997 - 2025 cephas ministries






