






home - the antique watch company










































































 




















antique watch repair, sales, and restoration for over 41 years.



the antique watch company specializes in the restoration of the “can’t be fixed” and complicated antique pocket watches and vintage wrist watches including hamilton, elgin, illinois, omega, longines, patek phillipe, rolex, and vacheron constantin, just to name a few. all work is guaranteed, and estimates are given free of charge.














home
shop
repair
shipping
our history
faqs
contact
cart
checkout















search for:

search





 













related products


1965 hamilton 14k
$825.00
add to cart 



bulova 14k tropical
$975.00
add to cart 



hamilton 14k sherwood
$1,400.00
add to cart 



2001 daniel jeanrichard
$1,475.00
add to cart 



1957 hamilton sinclair 14k
$875.00
add to cart 



1911 howard gents dress pocket watch with diamond
$4,600.00
add to cart 










shop our full inventory










isn't it time you boughta watch?
shop our pocket watches











have a watch that’s not working correctly?the antique watch company® specializes in the restoration of “can’t be fixed” and complicated antique pocket watches and vintage wrist watches including hamilton, elgin, illinois, omega, longines, patek phillippe, rolex, and vacheron constantin, just to name a few. all work is guaranteed, and estimates are given free of charge.

repair information 







our watches are guaranteed to run like the day they were made.

when you buy an antique watch, either wristwatch or pocket watch, from us at the antique watch company® , it’s like going into a store, 50…60…100+ years ago when that watch would have been sold new.  all of our antique wrist and pocket watches are restored to “like new” condition, whenever possible, without altering the authenticity, original appearance, or quality of the watch. unlike auction sites, or most of the other antique watch sites on the www, our watches are fully guaranteed for 12 months from the date of purchase.  every antique watch has been thoroughly examined, cleaned, and serviced. with the antique watch company®, you may rest assured that your antique watch will arrive in working order. where else could you buy an 80 year old watch and be guaranteed it will run like it did the day it was made?
antique pocket watch and wristwatch
service ~ repair ~ restoration
if you are an antique pocket watch or wristwatch collector, you know the importance of keeping your watches serviced. you know that keeping it clean and lubricated will keep parts from rusting and wearing out so your watch will run correctly indefinitely.
send us your antique watch for a cleaning and service (coa), repair, or for complete restoration.  all mechanical work is done on our premises in our shop, by the store owner and watchmaker, rusty tuggle.  rusty has been repairing antique watches for over 40 years, and specializes in complicated pocket watch and wristwatch movements.
many watchmakers today, when servicing a watch, simply remove the movement from its case and place it, in its entirety, in a cleaning solution. this just loosens the accumulated dirt, and allows it to settle back into the movement; often causing more damage than good. when we service an antique watch, we completely disassemble it and run each part through an ultrasonic cleaning process. the watch is then reassembled, oiled, a new mainspring is installed, and it is adjusted for time. finally, the case is cleaned and buffed and the watch movement is placed back into its case. the watch is then wound and placed in our safe for observation for several days.
because these watches are no longer being produced, parts are obviously very difficult to come by. we have been collecting watch movements (both functional and non-functional) and various other watch parts for over 39 years and pride ourselves in our inventory.
the antique watch company® will service or restore almost any quality mechanical watch.



 










antique watch co.p.o. box 68, franklin, nc 28744  828-369-9906info@antiquewatchco.com







antique watch co.
p.o. box 68, franklin, nc
828-369-9906
info@antiquewatchco.com







©2019 the antique watch company | designed and developed by mark’d by design, llc



 






























































