usa today - breaking news and latest news todayhow it started see the celebration top cast members 📺 super bowl ads 2025 📺u.s. politics sports entertainment life money travel opinion crosswordonly at usa today:newsletters for subscribers from the archives crossword enewspaper magazines      investigationspodcasts video humankind just curious best-selling booklist legalsour portfolio:10best usat wine club shoppingblueprint southern kitchen      home internet 'critical moment in history': protests across us target trump, musk400 faa employees fired by trump administration weeks after collision'snl50' let down 50 years of comedy all 80 evacuated off delta plane that crashed in toronto: live updatespope francis has a polymicrobial infection. what does that mean?trump administration fires, then un-fires, nuclear weapons workersserial killer gets 261 years in killings of 4 women, unborn babyfeatured videosfor youwhich topics matter most to you? add your favorites and you’ll see more of these stories in the for you section.view for youmore top stories see video: drone, dog face off in wild pyrotechnics… musk's doge seeks access to restricted irs computer… cecily strong shows off baby bump at 'snl 50' ashley st. clair says elon musk is the father of baby… 🇺🇸 20 best presidents day sales to shop today super bowl debate continues after lil wayne's 'snl 50'… trump tweets he's above the law and spineless… 3 people dead, including 90-year-old after fire destroys… the 10 biggest oscar snubs of all time missouri man pleads guilty to 2023 shooting of black… officials: tx man who allegedly gave daughter thc… apple ceo teases unveiling of new product: what we knowdiscover kid gets in-flight celebration after missed graduation        sweet moments celebrate random acts of kindness week        man in wheelchair gets a sweet gift from a stranger       the science behind snowflakes: how they form and why no two are alike use direct deposit to get your 2024 tax refund… know the 2024 standard mileage rate before you do… will federal worker buyouts affect the irs and… experts: tariffs would damage us-canada trade… more in tax seasonopinion: it's not time to scrap the nba all-star… justin fields landing spots include one afc east… mike trout moving to right field and ready to… auburn takes back no. 1 spot in the men's… more in sportsall-clad slashed up to $750 off cookware sets at… cariuma x star wars sneakers are on sale for $32… how to watch we beat the dream team, releasing on… up to 30% off zenni x iris apfel, marc jacobs… more in shoppingcould trump's birthday be a federal holiday? bill… which federal workers are out of a job?rubio meets saudi crown prince over trump's gaza… president's day protests rally against trump…more in politicssee video: drone, dog face off in wild… nfl star pulls eagles ball boy into the super… wisdom, the world’s oldest known wild bird, 74… 'snl' 50th anniversary show isn't on saturday… more in trending videowhy alabama's thriving car industry is bracing… job cuts at kroger: nationwide layoffs announced 5 reasons florida is the best state for… actress hayden panettiere's childhood home… more in moneythese teens were tricked into sending nude photos… single at 37, i tried a crazy dating experience… that guy you dated at 19 is not your soulmate… kanye west's antisemitism reaches new (and… more in wellnessalaska to rhode island: here are the states from… here's where to find the kilauea volcanowhat's the best way to treat eczema? cholera still kills tens of thousands of people a… more in just curioustrump tweets he's above the law and spineless… i suffered for 51 years without dei policies. i… we dropped cancer deaths dramatically. trump cuts… presidents day has evolved, but its significance… more in opinionthe 10 biggest oscar snubs of all time 'survivor' returns for season 48: how to watch… super bowl debate continues after lil wayne's… paquita la del barrio, mexican singer of feminist… more in entertainmentbeing a digital nomad isn't always fun: here's… do cruises have adults-only spaces? here's how to… thinking about a ‘white lotus’ trip to thailand… the real-life hotels behind the white lotus — and… more in travelamerica tested 100,000 forgotten rape kits… agencies tried clear rape kit backlogs. here’s… she had a rape kit done. 12 years later, the… white house responds to usa today investigation… more in investigations2 arrested as probe intensifies into bizarre… alaska's mount spurr shaken by earthquakes… a look back at leonard peltier's lifeserial killer gets 261 years in killings of 4… more in u.s. news8 expert tips to protect yourself when the air… discover idaho wine country, a rising star in… find your peace: 8 stunning forest bathing… 7 expert tips on why couples traveling together… more in usa today 10bestapple ceo teases unveiling of new product: what… youtube tv, paramount agree on multi-year deal to… ashley st. clair says elon musk is the father of… vance is right: we need ai. but ai needs america… more in techbeing a digital nomad isn't always fun: here's what it's really like federal workers incensed by performance language in termination letter kyle busch furious after nascar rule forced him out of daytona 500 nfl free agent qbs: best fits for aaron rodgers, sam darnold, others the puzzling and powerful polar vortex faces 'big uncertainty' paquita la del barrio, mexican singer of feminist anthems, dies at 77 rubio meets saudi crown prince over trump's gaza plan flooding, rescues ongoing after deadly weekend storm hits eastern us about us newsroom staff ethical principles responsible disclosure request a correction press releases accessibility sitemap subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us help center manage account give feedback get home delivery enewspaper usa today shop usa today print editions licensing & reprints advertise with us careers internships support local businessnews tips submitting letters to the editor podcasts newsletters mobile apps facebook x instagram linkedin threads youtube reddit flipboard10best usat wine club shopping best-selling booklist southern kitchen jobs sports betting sports weekly studio gannett classifieds home internet blueprint© 2025 usa today, a division of gannett satellite information network, llc.