


the real presence eucharistic education and adoration association





































your browser does not support the html5 video tag.












jesus is real






























praised be jesus christ!
in his 1981 post-synodal apostolic exhortation on the family, familiaris consortio, pope saint john paul ii declared that “the christian family, in fact, is the first community called to announce the gospel to the human person during growth and to bring him or her, through a progressive education and catechesis, to full human and christian maturity.” the family is the first place of education, a truth which defines essentially the mission of the school. the school serves the family and, therefore, works intimately with the family in bringing children to ever greater maturity, to the fullness of life in christ.
it cannot escape the attention of any thoughtful person that education today is under a ferocious attack, and the teaching of pope saint john paul ii on the family and its essential mission of education is more vital than ever. on this feast day of pope saint john paul ii, i am pleased to share with you the text of my recent presentation on "the rights of parents as primary educators of their children and the obligation of parents to oppose a curriculum contrary to the moral law," which i prepared for the voice of the family virtual conference earlier this month.
during this month of the most holy rosary, to which pope saint john paul had such great devotion, i am also pleased to share with you the text of a recent sermon on the most holy rosary.
may you have a most blessed feast of pope saint john paul ii. may god bless you, your home, and all your labors, and may our lady of the rosary and saint john paul ii intercede for your intentions.
yours in the sacred heart of jesus and the immaculate heart of mary, and in the purest heart of saint joseph,
may god bless you, your home, and all your labors.
yours in the sacred heart of jesus and the immaculate heart of mary, and in the purest heart of saint joseph,






 







      raymond leo cardinal burke
       












the rights of parents as primary educators of their children and the obligation of parents to oppose a curriculum contrary to the moral law


 


votive mass of the most holy rosary















prayer for the glorification of
fr. john a. hardon, s. j.

we thank you, o lord! for having blessed your
church with the untiring service of your priest, john hardon.

may he, from heaven, continue his mission and obtain for us the strength and the
intelligence to proclaim and defend the truth with genuine fidelity to the catholic faith
and the charity he drew from the sacred heart of jesus.

grant us, we pray, the favors we ask through his intercession and raise him to
the honors of the altar.  amen.

his eminence,
edouard cardinal gagnon, p.s.s.



prayer cards may be ordered from
eternal life








prayer for the beatification and canonization of
father john anthony hardon of the society of jesus
almighty god, you gave your servant,
father john anthony hardon of the society of jesus,
the grace of consecration as a religious dedicated to the
apostolate and the grace of consecration as an ordained priest,
after the heart of your divine son, our good shepherd.
through father hardon,
you provided for your flock an extraordinary teacher of the faith.
you entrusted father hardon into the loving
care of the blessed virgin mary
whose counsel, "do whatever he tells you" (jn 2:5)
he faithfully followed and whose intercession he unceasingly invoked.
if it be your holy will, please grant the request i now make,
calling upon the help of father hardon,
so that his heroic sanctity may be recognized in the whole church.
i ask this through your son, our lord jesus christ, who
with you and the holy spirit, is one god forever and ever.
amen.




a prayer card may be requested from:
eternal life
phone: 800-842-2871     
web: www.lifeeternal.org









the real presence eucharistic education and adoration association is a gift of divine providence. 
i heartily approve the goal of this association. it perfectly reflects the mind of pope 
john paul ii in promoting devotion to our lord in the blessed sacrament of the altar.

this association is putting into practice what our holy father has so strongly urged 
on the catholic faithful in our country. the holy father states, "the year 2000 will 
be intensely eucharistic: in the sacrament of the eucharist the savior, who took flesh 
in mary’s womb twenty centuries ago, continues to offer himself to humanity as the source 
of divine life." with the archdiocese of chicago as its center, this eucharistic 
apostolate will spread, not only throughout the united states, but please god, throughout the world.

there was never a time in christian history when the world needed to be educated in, 
faith in christ, belief in the real presence in the eucharist, more than today. it is 
the same jesus who worked miracles in first century palestine. he is ready to perform 
miracles of conversion in our day, provided we believe that he is here with us in the blessed sacrament.

the real presence eucharistic education and adoration association has a most promising future. it all depends on 
the depth of our faith.









in our eucharistic lord,







john a. hardon, s.j.






















his eminence
	raymond leo cardinal burke, d.d., j.c.d.
	bishop emeritus of la crosse
	archbishop emeritus of saint louis
	cardinal emeritus prefect of the supreme tribunal of the apostolic signatura
	patron of the sovereign order of the knights of malta
	rome, italy




his eminence
	francis cardinal george, o.m.i.
	archbishop emeritus of chicago
	chicago, illinois




from theoffices of (most rev.) raymond l. burke
from theoffice of the cardinal














in cooperation with antonia salzano acutis,
curator of the pontifical academy cultorum martyrum and
president of the institute of saint clement i pope and martyr,
the real presence eucharistic education and adoration association
presents in english, complete with beautiful artwork, the following exhibitions.


click on one of the four exhibition boxes below that you would like to view in it's entirety at your convenience. this is for anyone who would like to view the entire exhibition from the comfort of their home whenever they choose - as many times as they choose. for those who are bed bound, give them a laptop from which to view the exhibition. please note: the eucharistic miracles of the world exhibition begins about half-way down the webpage.



eucharistic miracles

angels and demons

paradise, hell, purgatory

blessed virgin mary






to receive information about the eucharistic miracles of the world exhibition

in the usa and canada:
either call us at (608) 782-0011 or contact us

please be sure your request includes your name and address as well as your phone number with a day and time to call you. we are available 7 days a week/ 24 hours a day.

outside the usa and canada:
go to: www.carloacutis.com














 search tips
advanced search

















what's new   
site index

 hardon video archives   
 hardon audio archives   
 jesus christ devotions






 home | 
directory | 
eucharist | 
divine training | 
testimonials | 
visit chapel | 
hardon archives


adorers society | 
pea manual | 
essentials of faith | 
dictionary | 
thesaurus | 
catalog | 


newsletters






real presence eucharistic education and adoration association

po box 1237
lacrosse, wi 54602
phone: 608-782-0011
contact us
website: www.therealpresence.org

copyright © 2000
                  
                  by www.therealpresence.org
all rights reserved worldwide.
no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval
system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic,
mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the  prior
written permission of www.therealpresence.org













