







home - lisa akbari































































































 





















 
(901) 380-4445




 
free same day pickup*















create account 

 






login
 

login
 




















$0.00

0
 cart




 


















 











search

 search












to god be the glory in jesus 















home
shop

treatment patient (must be logged in) hair nutrition system

new year 2024 sale! shampoo conditioner hair vitamins support products setting and sculpting scalp treatments 
books gift cards programs

braids color treated natural hair relaxed hair scalp care split ends 
ingredients retail locations shopping cart
 










 









                    shop now!                


 



shop the hair nutrition system, books, gift cards, and more! 







 
online store










				treatment patients				






if you are a treatment patient, please log in first to access all products. 







 
log in





 





 









                    categories                


 



 




 

**small business saturday**



									sale								






shampoo








conditioner








hair vitamins








support products








setting & sculpting








scalp treatments








books





 




search for:

search


 



our ingredientsretailers 







 









                    programs for...                


 



 




braids








color treated








natural hair








relaxed hair








scalp care








split ends





 



all programs 











hair analysis

strand reading virtual hair analysis and strand reading testimonials
 










 









                    get an analysis                


 



want to take the guess work out of your hair care?  a hair analysis will tell you what your hair’s porosity is, the condition of your strands, possible causes of your hair loss, and more!  







 









                    strand reading                


 



mail in your hair samples for trichologist lisa akbari to analyze and create a customized treatment program for you. 







 
go











 









                    hair & scalp analysis                 


 



sign up for a virtual hair analysis and strand reading with lisa akbari. you’ll also get a copy of your session that can be viewed through a private link on youtube. 







 
go











 









                    testimonials                


 



does it work? see real results and read experiences from people just like you! 







 
go















get the length
advice & answers

get help ask “the hair doctor” video series ask “the hair doctor” radio show …for women …for naturals …for men …for children …for teens …for college students
 










 









                    need advice?                


 



do you have a hair horror story? are you experiencing hair breakage or hair loss? do you just need advice about your care routine? trichologist lisa akbari is here to help. 







 
get help











 









                    ask lisa akbari                


 



lisa akbari, board-certified trichologist, has been in the industry for over 30 years. throughout her career, she has regularly shared her knowledge and research to help those who need it. 



 




"ask the hair doctor" video series








"ask the hair doctor" radio show





 



 




 

youtube archives





 







 









                    just for...                


 



 




women








naturals








men








children








teens








college students





 











about

world trichology institute about lisa akbari in the media short hair syndrome
 










 









                    world trichology institute                


 



our state-of-the-art 12,000 sq. ft. facility encompasses our clinic, salon, and store; and is where we conduct seminars, classes, and community outreach. 







 









                    "the hair doctor"                


 



informally known as “the hair doctor”, lisa akbari is an author, cosmetologist, aesthetician, researcher, trichologist, and developer of the hair nutrition system. 







 
go











 









                    in the media                


 



over her 30+ year career, lisa akbari has made countless media appearances and contributions — through tv, radio, magazine articles, and her own books. 







 
go











 









                    short hair syndrome (shs)                


 



shs is a vicious cycle of hair growth and hair breakage. if you suffer from shs, trichologist lisa akbari can help. 







 
go















contact
x
 











facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



pinterest
 



instagram
 



microphone
 














 

 










cyber monday 



sale 



starts nov 29, 2021 






click to shop now!



























small business saturday 



sale 



nov 27, 2021 






click to shop now!



























lisa akbari's 



hair nutrition system 



lisa akbari’s hair nutrition system can work on all types of hair. there are five very natural reasons why... 






learn more
























updates:




delivery orders that are received before 6pm cst will be shipped the next business day



we are open! we are taking appointments for services on a limited basis.



free same day pick-up for orders placed before 4pm


 
 














 



						*now offering free same day pick-up for orders placed before 4pm. call-in orders accepted (901) 380-4445. • delivery orders received before 6pm cst will be shipped the next business day • call to book a service appointment					


















shop hair products						


						buy your favorite lisa akbari products online.					








 
                    regular customer                
or

                    treatment patient                


 











							get a strand reading 


						professional hair analysis by trichologist lisa akbari					









learn more















virtual hair analysis						


						1-on-1 sessions with trichologist lisa akbari					









purchase now















let's talk hair! video sessions 





 







 
i have bald spots? ask trichologist lisa akbari





 
what happened to my natural curl pattern? ask trichologist lisa akbari





 
april 28, 2020 let's talk hair with lisa akbari: session 14 (little girls)





 
strand reading, part 1











watch more videos











news 











			august 18, 2020		

get a virtual hair analysis & strand reading with trichologist lisa akbari. schedule yours today!






			march 20, 2020		

“what’s happening with my strands? why are my hair strands breaking?” get answers. get a strand reading by trichologist lisa akbari:









			february 9, 2020		

did you miss any of the radio show episodes? catch up here. round-table chat discussions and q&a with trichologist lisa akbari.















get a hair analysis 



take the guess work out of your hair care. 







strand reading / hair analysis– by mail – 






order strand reading











learn what your hair’s porosity is, the condition of your strands, possible causes of your hair loss, and early indicators of shs (short hair syndrome). you’ll end up with treatment options personalized just for you! 














				get results				











 before










 after











				i was suffering from alopecia. i had tried everything, and then i went to visit lisa akbari. she was so knowledgable and understood what i was going through. by analyzing my hair and scalp, she was able to determine what was wrong, and we started on a plan for treatment. six months later, my hair is growing back!

			

- davis













see more photos


















    online payment service  








store policies
retail locations
employment opportunities
for professionals only
privacy policy
 

store policies
retail locations
employment opportunities
for professionals only
privacy policy
 









wti employee portal
admin
 

wti employee portal
admin
 




copyright © akbari, inc. 2002-2022. all rights reserved.website by n-vision designs 











x


login




sign in with twitter




or

username or email


password







remember me
login
lost password?





don't need to reset? login
forgot password?

username or email



submit






 























































































































