










home - westport-weston chamber of commerce | wwcc




















































  

















skip to content














 
join todaymember login (coming soon)contact usjoin our email list



























































menu 
homeabout the chamber member directory member benefits member application advertising opportunities board & staff member login (coming soon)events upcoming events full events calendar burger contest supper & soul dog festival slice of saugatuck festival restaurant week halloween window painting networkingchamber newsmember news








 















 
wonderful eventsevents for businesses and residents alike...


check them out


 


 
member events & offersfind out what our members are doing with events and offers....


find out more


 


 
join the chambergreat opportunities exist


join now


 






























the westport-weston chamber of commerce welcomes you.











the westport-weston chamber of commerce (wwcc) is a vibrant and dynamic organization that exists to serve the needs of everyone who lives, works, visits and plays in westport and weston.   we consider ourselves to be the chief cheerleaders of our towns.
we focus both on economic development and bringing the community together though the many events we organize. many of our events not only raise the profile of the businesses who participate and sponsor them, but act as fundraisers to support charities and other not-for-profits in the area.
so, whether you are a family that wants to take your poodle out to the dog festival, or are a home-based business owner that wants to attend our morning network breakfasts, we have something for you.
we would love to see you out and about at any of our events! if you are a business – think about joining the chamber – and benefiting from all we have to offer.
























					member directory				








					chamber events				








					member news				








					chamber news				








					member login (coming soon)				








					join our email list				
























































upcoming events










view all events
































signature events










view upcoming events






























supper & soul
may 3, 2025





























great westport soup contest
 march 2025
 




















dog festival
may 18, 2025


























slice of saugatuck
september 6, 2025




















restaurant week
sept 28 - oct 12





















learn more


























 

 




dog fest 2022 – a bark in the park



						by matthew mandell 
 | 

						june 10, 2022					
 | 

comments off on dog fest 2022 – a bark in the park 



the 2022 dog festival was a real treat for the community. we saw well over 2000 people and 800 dogs…





 

 




chamber donates over $10,000 to charity



						by matthew mandell 
 | 

						october 29, 2021					
 | 

comments off on chamber donates over $10,000 to charity 



chamber donates over $10,000 to local non profits   the chamber of commerce is pleased to announce donations of over…






























member benefits
learn more about the benefits of becoming a chamber member.
learn more




















chamber facebook page








westport-weston chamber of commerce








welcome new members
















thank you sponsors















                                sample logo                            












                                sample logo                            





next
previous









 












© 2025 westport-weston chamber of commerce | wwcc
 | 
site by growthzone












bringing commerce and community together




















westport-weston chamber of commerce













41 riverside avenue | westport, ct 06880 














(203) 227-9234 














info@westportwestonchamber.com 










































 © 

 westport-weston chamber of commerce | wwcc.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















