



















































myplace — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































vaibhavgupta
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














vaibhavgupta







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
myplace

about
life is all about being happy  : )


profile
vaibhavgupta


page summary
 [#] let the party begin!!  [#] diwali celebrations.  [#] traditional day-2005 celebration at roamware...  [#] happy b'day dear peeyush.  [#] mood monsoon!!  [#] weekends!!  [#] flickr updated...  [#] journalism....it's a weapon ,if used in right way can serve socitey n mankind.  [#] computer games...  [#] does'nt friend's looks simpler to bestfriendsss...... 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile previous page


december 2005
 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031





let the party begin!!

dec. 27th, 2005 @ 06:22 pm 







* merry x-mas *


~party begins~


~mercury rising~


~getting animated....~


venue:  renaissance,mumbai

roamware x-mas celebration


vaibhav gupta

 visit:myyahoo360*
current mood: amused

(1 comment | leave a comment)



diwali celebrations.

nov. 9th, 2005 @ 07:43 pm 





diwali this year was totally different feeling.lots of happenings in my personal 'n' professional life makes the difference.discussing all happenings right now is difficult for me :) but for sure my world is changing!! now, i must thank our hr people for such a nice string of events at roamware for diwali & id celebrations(iftaar party) & few other events made the day special. i)must view these photographs collection.ii) [see this for all thumbnail view.]my work schedule is rt now too busy & inspite of soooo.. many things to tell i must stop here.i'll b back.-vaibhav guptacurrent mood: optimisticcurrent music: no music
tags: diwali

(4 comments | leave a comment)



traditional day-2005 celebration at roamware...

oct. 19th, 2005 @ 04:37 pm 





a day little different ....dussehra & traditional day celebrations at roamware idc .actually i missed the event as i was on leave for something important. although i got to know all the happenings  of the day from gaurav ,he was also dressed traditional into kurta-payjamas with all the dupatta stuff on.all the ladies   were looking gorgeous ;dressed into traditional saris,ghagras etc. loaded with ornaments.at the server room puja & arti were also conducted.now, was  the time for some pomp 'n' show, as there was a prize for "best dressed male"  & "best dressed female" . being world largest democracy we decided the winners in the similar manner i.e. voting. winners : megha & rahul were the chosen one's ......congrats !!!hey people!!!...watch out for my >>yahoo 360 yahoo's 360 is a cool place to be.but guys,livejournal is the best & it's my first bloglove.vaibhav guptacurrent mood: amused

(leave a comment)



happy b'day dear peeyush.

oct. 5th, 2005 @ 04:19 pm 





















best wishes -vaibhav guptacurrent mood: & hopeful towards a nice treatcurrent music: baar baar ye din aaye baar baar ye dil gaye
tags: bday, wishes

(1 comment | leave a comment)



mood monsoon!!

jul. 14th, 2005 @ 05:51 pm 





trip to malshej ghat 16th july05 finalized ;a mini bus is hired for the trip and bookings at resort are done sooo i hope this will be a nice break from the daily routine for all the roamware'ians.schedule:- --------saturday morning - leave from office - 6:30 amhave snacks on the wayreach malshej - 10 amcheck in resort - 10:15 amsoak in waterfalls - 10:45 amlunch in resort - 1:45 pmvisit flamingo lake - 3:30 pmactivities and snacks by the lake- 4:30 pm return to resort - 6 pmactivities at resort - 7 pmdinner - 9 pmcamp fire (if possible) & activities- 10 pmsunday morning-breakfast - 7 amcheck out from resort - 8 amarrive at shivneri fort - 9:15 amsnacks - 10:30 amdepart from shivneri - 12:30 pmlunch (junnar/malshej) - 2:45 pmdepart for mumbai - 3:30 pmarrive in mumbai - 7:30 pm1. things to carry :-a) 1/2 dry set of clothesb) 1 set of clothes with which you can soak in the waterfallsc) wind-cheater/raincoat/umbrella - optionald) shoes (preferably sports) / floaters - make sure these are non-slippery. carry an extra pair if   necessary.e) 2/3 pairs of fresh, washed socks - if you are wearing shoes.f) water bottles - please carry your own water.g) camera - optionalh) we will carry a standard first aid kit - if any one needs any other specific medicines please carry    them.i) if you wear a watch make sure its water proof.j) some water proof cover for your wallets and mobile phones, if you are carrying them.h) small snacks, if you feel hungry very often.i) any playing items - like playing cards, chess board, foot ball, cricket ball, etc. - we will be carrying cricket bats and some cricket balls from here.j) music cassettes- to play during the journey.2. things not to carry :-a) please do not carry any valuable items - no gold, jewelery, expensive watches etc.b) liquor*current mood: monsoon

(leave a comment)


other entries


» weekends!!

may21,another weekend, after 5 long working days.in spite that roamware is an exciting place to work i always feel excited about weekends.i don't do something special on all weekends.but then also i wait for it from the very tuesday.since when i m in mumbai most of my sundays are spent at ncstj. so, for me weekend means friday night and saturdays...haan if lectures bunked on sundays then to pura weekend apun ka.sometimes i think if weekend was distributed as [thur sun] instead of [sat sun] ; would'nt it be more weekend per week. can we have a poll on this??but nevermind ye bhi chalega bcoz main idea is to recharge for the week to come.so enjoy each one.vaibhav gupta
may. 21st, 2005 @ 03:05 pm

(1 comment | leave a comment)

» flickr updated...

just updated flickr with some new cherishing moments of mine that i'd like to share.so, what r u waiting for just visit http://www.flickr.com/photos/vaibhav/ & also leave comments for those ones u feel like... vaibhav gupta
may. 21st, 2005 @ 02:52 pm

(3 comments | leave a comment)

» journalism....it's a weapon ,if used in right way can serve socitey n mankind.

it was friday morning 22nd april...holiday :) mahavir jayanti,a nice peaceful morning and i was just browsing t.v. for some tom n jerry or aladdin some of my altime favorites.i just tuned to sahara t.v. ,they were showing a report covered at gov. spastic center ;a place where poor mentally retarded childrens were kept.the scene was horrible,inhuman and those disabled were treated worse than animals.the condition as featured was so heart melting that anyone having even a pinch of soft feelings would get his eyes wet.they were barely clothed,all torn rags.they(even 5-10 years childrens too..)were being involved in cleaning of the hell like toilets,they were being made to serve the officials of the center.and ofcourse they were being beaten also.in short i siting on my comfortable sofa felt like i was too a criminal for just seeing such thing and doing nothing.they were already godpunished ones,looking there life one can think of how could hell look like.i had never saw life in such condition,humiliation.all i could do is to just pray god for there relief,freedom.instead if being taken care of they had do to perform tasks,serve the officials and in return not even 1/2 stomach food!!the news ended with a hope that one day there life will change.i switched off the t.v. in great discomfort,i wanted it to change anyway anyhow but how? could i help it? i did'nt knew ,i was really restless.i was cursing those demons real hard who were responsible for this.after an hour or two i just switched it was on t.v. was tuned the same channel i left. but now it was showing live telecast of the spastic center,so many ngo's similar organizations and higher authorities were there taking the children out of the place.things were changing...thousands of thanks to the reporter and the channel bcoz them those chilldrens were now having smile on there face.they were looking in real joy and it was like real tribute to lord mahavir on his b'day.i also felt quiet relived.i was praising journalism,i think such kind of journalism is desperately needed.running after masala news is really a ditch to the thought of journalism.this profession carries great responsibilities.people practicing this must realize this and must act accordingly.these people have power of words which if used in right direction and right motive can cure so many sufferings in society and moreover they can lead to awakening of more and more people.anyways,i am really thankful to the reporter and the channel.vaibhav gupta
apr. 25th, 2005 @ 08:32 pm

(2 comments | leave a comment)

» computer games...

gaming is serious business!!so which is the game u r involved in these days....i too have been an adict of the comp. games like tomb raider,unreal tournament,nfs,road rash,quake..few more!!but the most exciting is the network gaming for games such as quake,u.t.games like tomb raider r like read challenges..sort of expeditions!!but the arenas like quake,u.t are like stress busters...road rash,nfs racing games give u instant pleasure.i remeber those good old days when i and gaurav(my twin) used to play these for hours...we were full crazy abt them.infact gaurav was determined to be an 3d-games animator ; i too joined a mobile games development co...but i was 4 just abt a week.i think life would have been on a different track..rather level  :) for if we had continued..but no serious regrets3d-games are actually something technologically ahead :-virtual reallityartificial intelligenceadvance graphics and complex algosmore such things can be involved in gamingu can see we at ncst too have a seperate graphics department...3ds-max,maya are some of the frontiers in animation.so much to talk abt itthat's why it's something serious...and so impassioned.vaibhav gupta
apr. 25th, 2005 @ 08:27 pm

(2 comments | leave a comment)

» does'nt friend's looks simpler to bestfriendsss......

hey...i too agree this ,but you see "bestfriend"is never a tag that you have to stick on someone whom you decide one day is your bestfriend.actually the prefix "best" generates the confusion & complexity to something thats is so simple to understand,to whom you can ring at 2" in the night for something really stupid and to whom you always behave as yourself....and numerous such things.so, while in search of "best" one starts looking for someone fictitious who would always be very perfect and customized according to you and blah blah....if finally you land up deciding someone as your bestfriend thensomething comes along with it is..great expectations!! believe me this more expectation thing gives you a setback several times.i will rather go for someone to say a close friend as it's relatively simple....best is a much superlative & exaggerated term.it's always so easy 'n' comfortable to be among your friends...might be because of the basic instinct of a social being...might be the sense of social security feeling whatever it be.but then, if someone really wants to meet his bestfriend i really suggest him to meet himself,know more abt him,be critic to himself.being with yourself is also a good idea sometimes .i really do enjoy my loneliness sometimes and it's also a feeling of it's own kind. but one thing is always sure that whenever you find new people in your proximity,some u don't like at all,to some you just be nice!! and to few you feel alright rather comfortable with...some give reason for this is the "aura" of these few people have wavelength matching to yours.i don't know whether it a verified thing or not.whatever you say but i think emotional attachments is a mutual beneficiary ;as you are there for someone in his hard times,similarly it's always makes you feel stronger when you are not alone in your tough time. i am quiet fortunate in term of friends,as wherever i have been i got one or two close friends.i have drawn lots of things from my friends.oh god!! please give me the similar set of friends in all my next lives i admit that i really wouldn't have been whatever i am today.
apr. 15th, 2005 @ 11:15 pm

(leave a comment)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























