








welcome to hillcrest hospital south | hillcrest hospital south in tulsa, oklahoma
























skip to main content


 

for more information about the change healthcare breach involving hillcrest hospital south, please click here.








mychart
daisy_award
 pricing transparency
schedule vaccine
about us
insurance
careers
volunteer
 

















search



 


start a video visit now













toggle navigation       


 home
find a physician
services cardiovascular services
clinical laboratory
diagnostic imaging
emergency department
heartburn & acid reflux
intensive care unit
lung cancer screening
outpatient physical therapy
pharmacy
robotic surgery
spine & orthopedic services
surgical services
stroke & neurological
women’s services
wound care center

patients & visitors food and nutrition
gift shop
good faith estimate
medical records request
parking
patient resources
pricing transparency
social services
surprise billing protection
visiting hours

directions
classes & events childbirth education

news
contact us phone directory

 




























































































find virtual care
access mychart
safety practices
find a location





 






connect to your care from virtually anywhere.
with hillcrest virtual care, you can do virtually anything. like access all your health information, schedule your appointments or video visits and so much more.
learn more

 




3 

easy ways to find and schedule care.




1 
need care
					now?

click the buttons below to begin an on-demand video visit or to check-in online for an in-person emergency care visit.
on demand video visit emergency room visit


2 
schedule an
					appoint­ment

new and current patients can schedule in-person and video visits online with a few easy clicks.
primary and specialty care cardiology care mammogram appointment colonoscopy appointment request


3
phone
					schedul­ing

new and current patients can call 918-579-3627 for primary & specialty appointments and 918-592-0999 for cardiology appointments or click the buttons below.
primary and specialty care cardiology care


















 why hillcrest hospital south?
hillcrest hospital south provides state-of-the-art technology in a friendly, community setting that is easy to navigate.





 in the heart of south tulsa
with more than 1000 employees and 700 physicians, we provide a wide range of inpatient and outpatient services close to your home.




 recognized for quality care
patient satisfaction scores at hillcrest hospital south indicate that patients are consistently "very satisfied" compared with other area hospitals.





















 services


we invite you to learn more about the comprehensive services, state-of-the-art technology and modern amenities that make oklahoma heart institute the best choice for heart care.
 



  
 heartburn & acid reflux  

  
 outpatient physical therapy  

  
 robotic surgery  


 















facebook
youtube
 










hillcrest hospital south is a 180-bed acute care medical center located in south tulsa and offers a wide range of inpatient and outpatient services including maternity, cardiology, emergency, orthopedics, surgery, wound care, and heartburn and reflux.



8801 s. 101st e. ave.
      tulsa, oklahoma 74133
phone: 918-294-4000
map & directions
 



©2025 hillcrest south


pricing transparency | patient rights and responsibilities | privacy notice | our code of conduct | employee training | verify affiliation | language assistance/nondiscrimination | use of cookies | conscience rights









