






| becca swanson strongest ever
















































home
about me
blog
gallery

bench press
deadlift
friends
me
media
squat
wrestling


videos







select page


  
 



 



 







 
my unforgettable journey: from cape town to powerlifting glory
 by becca swanson | jul 2, 2024 | competitionthe year was 2001—a time etched in my memory forever. our team embarked on an epic adventure to cape town, south africa, just after the tragic events of 9/11. little did we know that this journey would lead to lifelong friendships and a defining moment in my...				
					

i wish i liked coffee so i could review java burn!
 by becca swanson | jun 30, 2024 | reviewjava burn: a non-coffee lover’s take introduction as someone who doesn’t wake up craving a steaming cup of coffee, i wish i did so i could try java burn. after all, my relationship with coffee has always been more of a polite nod than a passionate embrace. maybe some...				
					


 
guinness world records – gone wild
 by becca swanson | jun 29, 2024 | mediacheck out this video of me throwing refrigerators on the guinness world records – gone wild television show! click...				
					


 
the queen is back…
 by becca swanson | may 13, 2019 | travelit has been a while, i am moving my way back to the blogging scene. after travelling the world, marriage, 2 kiddos, life in the corporate world, i am entering the world of powerlifting again by offering virtual personal training. the availability is limited to a few...				
					


 
true power – shawna mendelson interviews becca swanson
 by idesign | nov 9, 2013 | mediathis was a great conversation between me and another “back  in the day” lifter.  i speak of our days, what i learned, what i went through and where i am now. enjoy! interview w becca...				
					


 
dumbbell clean and press
 by becca swanson | oct 1, 2013 | competitionwow, what year was this? i did a strong woman nationals meet in missouri.  it was so fun.  training for this one arm dumbbell clean and press was one of my favorite things to...				
					

lifting or cardio first?
 by becca swanson | apr 1, 2013 | cardiocertainly! the debate over whether to do cardio before or after lifting weights has been ongoing, and the answer isn’t always straightforward. let’s explore the pros and cons of each approach to help you decide what works best for your fitness goals. cardio before...				
					

guinness world records – gone wild
 by idesign | mar 14, 2013 | mediahere is my guinness world record attempt. for the record, no woman actually got 20, they just picked a number to beat. it was tough. so much...				
					



 



search for:





recent posts


my unforgettable journey: from cape town to powerlifting glory


i wish i liked coffee so i could review java burn!


guinness world records – gone wild


the queen is back…


true power – shawna mendelson interviews becca swanson


recent commentsarchives

july 2024
june 2024
may 2019
november 2013
october 2013
april 2013
march 2013

categories

cardio

competition

media

review

travel


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 






 contact me

 






facebook




x




instagram


designed by idesignandhost.com 










