










ultimate internet access | high speed internet service providers




















































					uia				






















fiber internetultimate voicefiber to wirelesssupportresidential internetadditional servicesaboutcontactmake a paymentcall 800-982-6898 










ultimate internet access, inc.
southern california’s fastest and friendliest fiber optic internet provider






internet access is our passion
ultimate internet access, inc. (uia) is an internet service provider located in ontario, california, providing high speed internet access including 1 gig fiber to the home, business fiber, fibertowireless, as well as voice over ip and data center hosting services.

 

actual speed test results on uia fiber internet connection in ontario, california. your results may vary (faster or slower).






internet access at the speed of light!




fiber internet
direct fiber optic connections offer speeds up to 1 gig!

fiber internet



ultimate voice
create a bundle with uia voice over ip services

ultimate voice



fiber to wireless
amazingly fast internet access for your business

fiber to wireless
 

 
customer support
service as fast and dependable as your internet access
uia takes great pride in our customer service and support. if there is a problem, you can be sure it will be handled quickly and efficiently.




 



i wanted to write to tell senior management at uia that i am very pleased with your product and even more pleased with the customer service your team provides to me. anytime i have called into or interacted directly with your office team i have had a great experience. staff is polite, helpful and it is clearly obvious that they care about the work they do and the service they provide.
steve k.







i’d like to commend you and your technical team for their responsiveness and determination to resolve issues. phone communications is a business critical service so i was very grateful to have the level of response your team provided.
ken k.







we have had uia over a year. it’s absolutely amazing. i love that uia is a local business.
stacie b.







uia has been terrific. the company communicates well, is proactive, and has great employees.
jeff s.




1234 




powered by uia ultimate fiber
800.982.6898 





 
providing innovative internet
access solutions since 1996

 connect
contactaboutfacebooklinkedin

 1300 highway 2
wrightwood, ca 92397
800.982.6898

 


make a paymentprivacy policy
copyright © 2025 ultimate internet access, inc. all rights reserved.


https://www.uia.net









