



























 




 






 

children's hospital association












 













maintenance is scheduled 2/15 at 8p cst to approximately 2/16 at 6a cst.  access to some features may be limited during this time. 


×


























 












                            log in
                
                        



advocacyeducationnewstopicsabout








advocacyeducationeventsnewstopicsabout chafind a hospitalcareerscontact us



                    member log in
        
                






 











privacy policydo not sell my personal information







                        champions for children's health
                    

                        © children's hospital association
                    























                    children's hospitals today
                

how we turned around our faltering ed
            
a comprehensive approach to reduce firearm injuries
            





                community health matters: how to make an impact
            

                explore how the work of children’s hospitals and health systems goes beyond the hospital walls and into the community. 
            
learn more
            






champions for children's health
children’s hospitals are essential providers, setting the standard for the highest quality pediatric care.


















vaccinate with confidence
access resources and other tools to support vaccination efforts and keep kids healthy.




















7 truths most people don’t know about children’s hospitals 
children’s hospitals are so much more than hospitals. 




















children's hospitals make life's moments possible
children’s hospitals make it possible for kids and their families to experience the important moments.


















1/3

                                    happy homecomings, university of california davis children's hospital
                                

jj interacts with caregivers after many high-risk heart procedures. jj faced an uncertain future after his hypoplastic left heart syndrome diagnosis and continues to visit the pediatric cardiology clinic to monitor his progress and celebrate successes.


                                    credit: wayne tilcock
                                









2/3

                                    rehab therapy, wolfson children's hospital
                                

child receives rehab therapy at wolfson children's hospital.


                                    credit: wolfson children's hospital social media team
                                









3/3

                                    a child's kiss, children’s health, dallas
                                

aceson gives a kiss to his mother at his one-year mri follow-up. aceson was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor, choroid plexus papilloma, when he was nine months old.


                                    credit: kim spencer
                                











            who we are
        

            as the voice representing more than 200 children’s hospitals nationally, children’s hospital association improves child health through innovation in the quality, cost, and delivery of care with our member hospitals.
        






                            ensure a healthier future for all children
                        
build awareness of children’s health and health care needs and how they are different.






                            find solutions to challenges
                        
drive improvements in pediatric health care, child health outcomes, and reductions in costs to the health care system.






                            advance change in policies
                        
facilitate collaboration among children’s hospitals across the nation to work together as champions for children’s health.






                            elevate children’s hospitals and health systems
                        
promote children’s hospitals as a critical resource in their communities and nationally.


learn more about us





			join an event
			
view all events
				





conference/meeting



						march 31 - april 02, 2025
					

2025 transforming quality conference










hospital directory 

we are a membership association of children’s hospitals, health systems and related organizations that care for children in their communities and beyond.

see member hospitals
				






















about cha
                            


news
                            


careers
                            


jobs at hospitals
                            


find a hospital
                            


contact us
                            





linkedin
                            



facebook
                            



x
                            



youtube
                            



instagram
                            







privacy policy
                        
terms of use
                        
security and compliance
                        
frequently asked questions
                        


                    © children's hospital association
                










 

















