





gunther w. anderson



gunther anderson's home page


shameless computer nerd, and proud of it, this is my page. it
contains
my poor efforts at displaying the fruits of some of my hobbies:
folk-singing,
liqueur-making, collecting playing cards, films, and now costuming.

first
and foremost, here is v - the fifth edition,
my
great singing resource.  contained within are the lyrics to over a
thousand songs that i felt were singable enough to bring to
folk-singing.
please feel free to make suggestions, corrections, requests, and any
other
kind of thing you gotta say.  i may not take any advice you offer,
but i'll almost always reply.

one
of my more popular hobbies (among my friends, anyway) is making
liqueurs
at home. for a treatise on that topic, including recipes, techniques,
tools
and other topics of interest to the liqueur-maker, see liqueur
making. i've included a few dozen recipes from books, my
experiences,
and even other correspondents.  consistently one of the most
popular
flavors we make is cranberry liqueur,
so i've included a detailed, step-by-step recipe, intended to be used
as
a sort of tutorial.  dive in, and start experimenting.  and
if
you come up with anything really tasty, be sure to let me know, and
i'll
be happy to put your recipe up as well.


i
am also an avid, if cheap, collector of playing cards. i can't afford
the
serious, expensive, antique decks, so i get by collecting all the
current,
modern decks i can find. as of the last time i updated this page, i had
well over 1000 decks of cards. instead of trying to catalog and display
all of them on line (an archive that would occupy a gigabyte or more),
i have instead created a irregularly published "magazine," in which i
showcase
a handful of decks of a particular theme. the
current
issue can always be found here. under that link can also be found
back
issues, the catalog of my collection,
the list of card manufacturers i've been
able to identify, and some other random playing-card related
things. 
the magazine has been somewhat less frequently updated recently, but i
may yet get back to my original bi-monthly schedule.


i'm less of a collector, but no less an admirer, of fine film.
here's
my list of all the movies i own, or want to
own,
and a short paper in praise of my old film analysis professor, mark
miller.

and,
largely due to the insidious influence of donna
m. dubé, my significant other and master costumer in her own
right, i have recently begun dabbling in science
fiction convention costuming.  my initial efforts have met
with
some success, garnering me best in show at balticon
in 2001 (on my own) and 2002 (collaborating with donna). in the costuming
section you'll find pictures as well as technical discussions of
the
engineering.


just for kicks, here's a copy of the horoscope
charting i had done years ago (all the way back in april of 1996)
at
tim motika's horoscope server. in his infinite kindness, he provided a
www interface to astrolog 5.05, including a terse interpretation
section
after all the numbers. alas, it seems that his account at grin.edu has
gone away.




and of course, my cat, keisha. 1990-2006.






last updated: august 24, 2008
or just send me mail.


