









pirate's cove marina - outer banks charter fishing marina with fuel dock




























































252.473.3906


home
sales & rentals
obx links
contact
careers
 












charters

book a charter
make-up charters


tournaments
marina

info & amenities
pavilion
mimi’s tiki hut


fishing reports
gallery
gift shop
 


select page


  
 
 











a world class marina

book a charterfishing reports










fishing, fun & friends
if you’re a serious angler in search of the catch of a lifetime, an outer banks vacationer looking for fun, or a boat owner seeking a new obx marina to call home . . . pirate’s cove marina can hook you up! outer banks charter fishing at its best!
our mission at pirate’s cove is to focus on the highest quality of customer service a world class marina can provide. we are here to make your stay more enjoyable as any boating resort community can be. our goal is for pirate’s cove marina to be your number one destination along the entire east coast.







fishing reports & news












blackfin friday!
                    november 8, 2024					today, the offshore fleet was on top of the blackfin and came back to the docks with boxes full! now…













still fishin’
                    november 6, 2024					things have quieted down around the marina but we are still fishing! the catch of the day was blackfin tuna…














november fishing is here!
                    november 2, 2024					reeling in the new month with some good fishing! the past couple days we’ve only had a couple boats out,…





 
 














gift shop



check out our gift shop! great gifts for everyone!

shop now







the pavilion at pirate’s cove marina
the pavilion is the perfect location for your next event. the waterfront location at pirate’s cove yacht club provides picturesque views of roanoke sound. with brand new lighting, island style shutters and venue improvements, our 13,000 sq ft facility is large enough for you to dream big! a great setting for your wedding, your reception or both. the pavilion is also the home of the pirate’s cove big game tournament series. visit the pavilion at pirate’s cove website.







 

 








marina hours

we are currently open from 8am-5pm.


followfollowfollow




captains login





contact

2000 sailfish drmanteo, nc 27954252-473-3906info@fishpiratescove.com




get marina news



name



email



subscribe










copyright pirates cove marina 2024 | all rights reserved | website by outer banks internet



 

















