











 luxury villa rentals & vacation home rentals | villas of distinction 





















































 800.289.0900 
villa specialist hours: monday -friday 9am-8pm et, saturday & sunday 10-6 et
























destinations


collections


sports

golf
ski & snow
tennis



lifestyles

eco-friendly
extra privacy
family
couples/groups
kid-friendly
lgbtq+
limited mobility
multi-generational
pet friendly
long weekend/short stay
spa retreat



events

corporate retreat
girlfriend getaway
honeymoon
wedding



unique

celebrity
chairman's collection
european island
historic estates
private island
resort
wine region





offers


the experience

villa standards
concierge services
about us
our awards



resources

travel advisors
magazine
travel protection
press room
villas faqs
listing a villa
sign-up for emails



inquire

































a distinct luxury experience
your invitation to exceptional travel


























          destination:
        



x



destinations


villas



view all villas








travel dates










guests






guests: 
















start my search











unlock a new way of travel

live like a local in your private home-away-from-home. your luxury villa is more than an exclusive escape - it is an experience tailored to your desires. from curated itineraries to staff who anticipate your every need, this getaway is all about you… and only you.








european holidays
picture perfect surroundings and authentic accommodations can be found within our european villa portfolio. take your pick of charming tuscan farmhouses, chic parisian apartments, whitewashed grecian hideaways, and so much more.
explore europe






caribbean escapes
our villas reflect the very best of the caribbean. whether you're looking for a beach vacation in turks & caicos, a couple's retreat in st. lucia, a golf trip in the dominican republic - and so much more - we have it all.
caribbean villas
















united states retreats
there's no need to travel far to experience the getaway of your dreams. from mountain living in colorado to family friendly escapes in florida, and beyond; now is the time to discover the united states in a whole new way.
u.s. retreats







trending destinations

with over 2,500 curated luxury villas worldwide, we offer a one-of-a-kind experience wherever you go, giving you access to the world that traditional travel just can’t match. our trending destinations range from our most-popular beach getaways to our favorite action-packed escapes, allowing you to discover the private villa difference in the most sought-after places across the globe.








                  turks & caicos
                











                  jamaica
                













                  greece
                











                  italy
                











                  france
                















                      los cabos
                    













                      hawaii
                    













                  riviera maya
                













                      colorado
                    













                      florida
                    












we exceed every expectation




effortless vacation planning
our award-winning concierge work with you every step of the way, from selecting your villa to arranging every detail. let us take the guesswork out of your getaway. 


not the most villas, just the best
with amenities like private gyms, pools,  game rooms, yoga studios, and more - plus breathtaking views all your own - we guarantee this isn't just your average home-away-from-home.


the best value in luxury travel
enjoy the same five-star experience you love – with even more value. our villas provide better value than a luxury resort and include private spaces, added amenities, and personalized concierge services.






travel inspiration

looking to be inspired? discover the best beaches in the world, top foodie getaways, and more. our knowledge, tips, and experiences are here to inspire you as you explore your luxury villa getaway.









the best villas for romantic getaways, honeymoons, vow renewals & destination weddings
discover the most enchanting villas around the world, perfect for your next romantic getaway. whether you're planning a honeymoon in paradise, renewing your vows in an intimate setting, or celebrating your love with a dream destination wedding, our handpicked villas provide the ultimate in luxury, privacy, and unforgettable experiences.


read more











eco-friendly retreats: a journey to wellness for you and the planet
discover the rise of eco-friendly retreats for wellness in 2025. prioritize emotional health and sustainability with unique travel experiences. explore villas of distinction's collection of eco-conscious villas designed to rejuvenate yourself and the planet in 2025.


read more











villas of distinction named in travel+leisure world’s best awards 2024
travel+leisure readers voted, and we're in the top 5 villa rental companies in travel+leisure's world's best awards 2024!


read more
















destinations


terms & conditions


about us


privacy policy


travel advisors


listing a villa


press room









stay up to date
be the first to know about new destinations, villas, exclusive offers, and more.

sign-up for email




let's get social

























copyright © 2025              villas of distinction |  a division of world travel holdings. all rights reserved.

















sign-up

be the first to know about new destinations, villas, exclusive offers, and more.


first name *


              valid first name is required.
            


last name *


              valid last name is required.
            


email address *





i want to get villas & details sent to my inbox.*





are you a travel advisor?





terms






* required fields


subscribe



no thanks, i do not want to be the first to know about new destinations, villas, exclusive offers, and more.



learn how we handle your details in our privacy policy.















thank you



we have received your inquiry! a villa specialist will reach out to you shortly with additional information.
would like to speak with a villa specialist today? if so, give us a call!


800.289.0900 

villa specialist hours
villa specialist hours: monday -friday 9am-8pm et, saturday & sunday 10-6 et















            delphine, greece
          


thank you

            you will be the first to know about new destinations, villas, exclusive offers, and more from villas of distinction. look out for updates coming to you soon!
          

            would you like to speak to a villa specialist? give us a call!
          




                800.289.0900
              





























