


























phillips auction | art, design, watches, and jewels



















new now: modern & contemporary art
new york auction 28 february 2025whitechapel gallery art icon: charity online auction
26 february - 5 march 2025
modern & contemporary art: online auction, new york
26 february - 11 march 2025

picasso & the animal kingdom
hong kong selling exhibition 13 march – 15 april 2025

dropshop: donald sultan
exclusive release 23 january
perpetual
online watch boutique
sell with phillips
sell with the world's most dynamic and innovative auction house. phillips offers dedicated expertise in the areas of modern and contemporary art, design, photographs, editions, watches, and jewels.
now playingextracting abstractiongallery tour: evening & day editionsmore videosexclusive dropsby creators. for collectors.discoverfeatured articles

feature article | phillips asia
from the desk of: jonathan crockett
a message for the new year from our asia chairman as we celebrate 10 years of phillips asia. plus — a look back at highlights from the past decade.


feature article | watches
the fine print: exploring breguet in the daniel roth era and beyond
 

feature article | editions
and you will know us by our flags
a time capsule from 1988 surfaces in 2025 — here's how we’d want it remembered in the 2060s.

feature article | editions
expanding the canon of black figuration
innovation through materiality and form, on display in contemporary works from our upcoming editions & works on paper auction in new york.

feature article | dropshop
voices: donald sultan
the sultan of the poppy talks to phillips dropshop about his new work ‘poppies in cement.’

feature article | watches
perpetual picks: a pair of sporty split-seconds chronographs from f.p. journe and czapek
comparing the chronographe monopoussoir rattrapante and the antarctique rattrapante.
explore moreprivate servicesprivate salesphillips’ private sales department provides our clients with a uniquely personalized approach to collecting. we utilize innovative, targeted approaches that combine personal relationships with collectors and market intelligence.learn moreprofessional & advisor servicesphillips’ professional & advisor services team builds valuable client partnerships, leveraging expertise to deliver tailored solutions for collectors, beneficiaries, attorneys, executors, fiduciaries, institutions, and industry professionals across the art world. learn moreconsign todaysell with uswe are inviting consignments for our upcoming auctions.submit nowdownload the phillips appbid anywheredownload our app and bid in auctions from your ios or android device.















