


 






empire bakery equipment | commercial ovens, mixers and baking systems






























 



    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    










        skip to content    

 












        compare        ()
    



sign in


about



company profile




test bakery





library



pdf library




video library




cad library




testimonials
blog
events

contact us






english
spanish
























cart



0








          shopping cart          













 




links






                                sign in                            



                                create an account                            





toggle nav









        advanced search    









search





call today+1 800 878 4070 




                        menu                    





industries servedfoodserviceretail bakerywholesale bakerywholesale bakery mixersindustrial bakery equipmentin-store bakerybakery ovensdough mixersdough dividersdough divider/roundersdough sheetersdough mouldersdough rounderscookie depositorsbagel shopsbagel dough mixersbagel productionbagel ovenspizzeriaspizza ovenspizza dough mixerspizza dough dividerspizza dough moulderspizza dough proofersediblesdough mixerscookie machinesbaking ovensartisan breadsartisan dough mixersartisan dough productionbakery smallwares storebagel accessoriesbaskets boards brushespans,screens & trayspeelsracks & coversmiscellaneouspizza accessories

 
bakery equipment





 
bakery ovens

convection ovens
rack ovens
revolving ovens
stone hearth deck ovens
electric deck ovens
wholesale tunnel ovens
oven loaders
view all >



 
dough mixers

vertical mixers
spiral arm mixers
removable bowl mixers
tiltover spiral mixers
bowl lifts
water meters
view all >



 
production equipment

reversible dough sheeter
dough dividers
dough divider/rounders
bread moulders
dough rounders
view all >



 
cookie depositors

babydrop depositors
suprema depositors
maxidrop depositors
rotary moulders
encrusting machines
dosing & filling machines
view all >




bagel equipment
proofing solutions
bread slicers
all-in-one food processing





browse by application
click here >






 
our services



financing
store planning
pizza consulting




parts & service
  





                        account                    


 











mastro pizza solutions 
							browse our pizza solutions 
							empire's new line of pizza solutions will revolutionize the pizza industry. we offer top-quality ovens that replicate old-world coal-fired pizza baking at a fraction of the energy usage and a line of labor-saving pizza production equipment.  
							 


wholesale production 
							learn more! 
							for large bakeries and wholesale facilities looking to efficiently automate their bread production, empire has state-of-the-art wholesale production equipment that will increase productivity without sacrificing quality.  
							 


lower rising labor costs 
							browse production equipment 
							as labor costs continue to rise, empire bakery equipment has the equipment that can help cut your labor time and save you money. our line of labor-saving production equipment will help you automate production without the need to increase labor. 
							 














about empire bakery equipment




in our 40+ years of business, we have grown vendor relationships spanning more than 3 decades. we believe that strong, long term relationships with our suppliers and customers allows us to better understand your needs as well as inspire better performance and service by our manufacturing partners.










our solutions






bakeryovens
view solutions





doughmixingequipment
view solutions





cookie machines
view solutions







dough divider/rounders
view solutions





dough sheeters
view solutions





dough moulders
view solutions







bagelequipment
view solutions





bakery slicers
view solutions





proofers &retarders
view solutions






 





our customers



























baker corner's blog













01
jan





to steam or not to steam: boiled vs. steamed bagels & the best bagel equipment options

to steam or not to steam: boiled vs. steamed bagels & the best bagel oven options bagels are a staple in bakeries, cafés, and breakfast spots across the country. despite their popularity, it is important to note that not all...
read more














01
jan





2025 bakery trends & baking equipment for turning a profit

2025 is shaping up to be a great year for the baking industry. the industry is a growing one with the global baking industry expected to grow at a compound annual rate of 5.2% from 2024 to 2033, reaching $1.17...
read more














01
jan





introducing the qbo5: revolutionary food processing in a compact design

empire bakery equipment is proud to offer the latest innovation from the revolutionary technology of roboqbo, the qbo5. this new food processing machine is a compact, all-in-one 5-liter food processing machine that is designed to take all of the daily...
read more































 




































 








 
passion. dedication. experience. that’s what dreams are made of. empire’s dream builders™ understand the logistics of turning your baking dream into a reality. whether you are opening your first bakery or expanding to reach a larger audience. empire’s highly motivated professionals draw from our vast experience to support you every step of the way. from planning to production, and every step in between, empire’s dream builders™ are here to guide you on your road to success!








about us




company profile
our test bakery
customer testimonials
news & events
join our team
faq








parts & services




financing
store planning
parts & service










resources




account login
videos & slideshows
pdf library








contact us




contact sales
contact service
maps & directions












bakery equipment




dough mixers
commercial ovens
cookie depositors
bagel equipment
dough production

proofing equipment
bread slicers
food processing
















1-800-878-4070 • (516) 681-1500 • fax (516) 681-1510 1c enterprise place • hicksville, new york 11801-5347 email: info@empirebake.com

©1977-2020 empire bakery equipment. hicksville, ny. all rights reserved.







 







chat with us,
powered by livechat



please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


 

