

fertility solution: infertility & prostatitis treatment | dr. attila toth md.










































jupiter, fl  |  new york, ny
(212) 717 - 4444 
from airports



 the fertility solution








about us

mission
staff

infertility

services
treatment
your first visit

antibiotic therapy
chronic prostatitis
menstrual problems
latest research
contact dr. toth
forums
 






the fertility solution
the macleod laboratory offers a complete infertility evaluation, treatment for primary or secondary infertility, recurring pregnancy losses and high risk pregnancies. we also treat ovarian disorders, menstrual problems and all aspects of pelvic infections in the female and prostatitis in the male.  our practice is based on solid clinical research, and we report our findings regularly. below you will find links to our many publications.
make an appointment   or  contact us right now »



see dr. toth's practice featured in marie claire magazine
there’s enough mystery in the science of infertility that entirely dismissing dr toth’s talk of lurking chlamydia is difficult – especially if, like samantha and kelly, you’re struggling to conceive. it’s easier to endure all those antibiotics than face the fact that your inability to become pregnant might be outside your control.
read full article here  or  see our research publications »



see dr. toth's practice featured in elle magazine
there's enough that we don't know about the science of infertility that entirely dismissing toth's narrative of lurking chlamydia is difficult—especially if you're among the 10 percent of women in the u.s. who can't conceive. it's easier to endure all those antibiotics than face the fact that your inability to get pregnant might be outside your control.
read full article here  or  see our research publications »



read our book or buy online
dr. attila toth's thirty years as a practicing infertility specialist and pathologist have convinced him that the only explanation for the alarming infertility rate, so far out of proportion with natural law, is the increasing presence of contaminating bacteria in the genital tracts of both sexes. in this book, he documents how and why this process has escalated so dramatically over the past few decades of increased sexual activity.
read book online  or  buy on amazon »

 


 
read and buy our books online
the macleod laboratory offers a complete infertility evaluation, treatment for primary or secondary infertility
read online  buy it on amazon
 

contact us confidentially
a. toth, m.d. 
obstetrician, gynecologist, & pathologist
email drtoth@fertilitysolution.com

 



research publications

november 2011 outcome of subsequent ivf cycles after antibiotic therapy following previously failed ivf cycles study ii
august 2010 use of antibiotic therapy in previously failed ivf cycles
august 2009 post antibiotic ivf success  study ii

view all
 
in the press

june 2012 fertility authority: extreme antibiotics as infertility treatment?
may 2012 elle: infertility's controversial cure
december 2009 oprah: infertility

  

share








new york:
65 e. 79th street, ny 10021


 (212) 717-4444

directions ï¿½




florida:
3893 military trail, suite 1 jupiter, fl 33458


 (561) 427-0511

directions ï¿½





about us
infertility
antibiotic therapy
chronic prostatitis
menstrual problems
publications
full site


terms of use
privacy policy
contact us




quick contact form










  ï¿½ 2023 macleod laboratory 








