



  





















one baltimore for jobs | mayor's office of employment development
















































skip to main content









 

mayor's office of employment development



citywide 
search 


close 


enter terms 


search





 

311 services
payments
mayor's office
news
directory
events

 


subscribe  

 


      
 







mayor's office of employment development




menushow filters








you are herehomeone baltimore for jobs 




one baltimore for jobs

1b4j overview
in response to the unrest of april 2015, the mayor’s office of employment development in partnership with maryland’s department of labor, licensing and regulation was invited to apply on behalf of the city of baltimore to the u.s. department of labor to access up to $5 million dollars in demonstration funds. dol demonstration funds were specifically earmarked for the purpose of exploring innovative strategies for reengaging disconnected youth and young adult populations (up to age 29) in highly distressed communities across the country, delivering high quality skills training to targeted populations, and providing them with access to career placements in high-growth industry sectors. 
baltimore, maryland was one of seven sites selected nationally to receive a two-year grant award. award recipients also include the following jurisdictions: california (long beach); michigan (detroit); missouri (ferguson); new jersey (camden); south carolina (n. charleston); and texas (houston).
1b4j abstract
click here to for a quick read about how 1b4j is becoming a model for future workforce development success and how it's changing the way services are delivered. results are also included indicating how 1b4j is exceeding its goals!

training opportunities
click here to connect with 19 workforce training partners that can help you learn skills that will get you closer to your dream job. please note that dates for 1b4j-funded training classes are provided, but please check with all the partners to learn about their training opportunities beyond the 1b4j initiative.
targeted training for in-demand careers rfp - award recipients
associated catholic charities, inc. 
award amount: $250,000.00
program point of contact: 
anita donaldson adonaldson@cc-md.org; (443) 721-5323
http://www.catholiccharities-md.org
associated catholic charities, in partnership with the national center on institutions and alternatives (ncia) will serve 50 baltimore city residents between the ages of 16-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the automotive field and primarily target communities of west baltimore for candidate recruitment. project participants will receive training and certification for placements as automotive technicians and/or general services technicians.
outreach and referral partners include: no boundaries coalition of central west baltimore, druid heights community development corporation, mondawmin neighborhood improvement association, pedestal gardens residents association, st. peter claver catholic church, st. edward’s catholic church, st. gregory the great catholic church, new song community church, sharon baptist church, seven baltimore city head start sites, frederick douglass high school, eutaw-marshburn elementary school, booker t. washington middle school and the renaissance academy charter school. industry-based partners include: suntrust, jiffy lube, firestone and goodyear.
biotechnical institute of maryland, inc.
	award amount: $232,288.00
program point of contact:  
kathleen weiss, executive director kweiss@biotechmd.org; (410) 752-4224 
http://www.biotechmd.org/
through its biostart to lab associates training program, the biotechnical institute of maryland will serve 30 baltimore city residents between the ages of 18-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the life sciences field and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment.  project participants will receive training and certification for placements with organizations in biotechnology, pharma and related industries.
core implementing partners include: catholic charities. outreach and referral partners include: southwest partnership, goodwill, historic east baltimore community action coalition (eastside yo! program), humanim, hope forward, east baltimore development, inc., vivien t. thomas medical arts academy, dunbar high school, and baltimore city community college. industry-based partners include: university of maryland, baltimore, university of maryland biopark, johns hopkins medical institutions, and the science and technology park at johns hopkins.
bon secours baltimore health system foundation, inc./bon secours community works 
	award amount: $248,866.00
program point of contact: 
talib horne, executive director talib_horne@bshsi.org; (410) 362-3258
http://bonsecoursbaltimore.com/
through its working families initiative: health career training and placement project, bon secours community works will serve 72 baltimore city residents between the ages of 16-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the healthcare field and primarily target communities of west baltimore for candidate recruitment. targeted communities include (and are not limited to) sandtown/winchester, gibbons, boyd/booth, penrose/fayette, poppleton, hollins market, union square, franklin square, carrolton ridge, pigtown, and edmondson village. project participants will receive training and certification for the following positions: certified nursing assistant and geriatric nursing assistant.
core implementing partners include licensed private career school itworks learning center. outreach and referral partners include: the boyd-booth community association, fayette street outreach organization, inc., franklin square community association, southwest partnership, gilmore homes, and operation reachout southwest.
caroline friess center, inc.
	award amount: $250,000.00
program point of contact: 
sister pat mc laughlin, ssnd pmclaughlin@caroline-center.org; (410) 563-1303
http://www.caroline-center.org
caroline friess center will serve 162 baltimore city residents, specifically young women between the ages of 20-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the healthcare field and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment. program participants will receive training and certification for entry-level placements as certified/geriatric nursing assistants and certified pharmacy technicians.
outreach and referral partners include: historic east baltimore community action coalition (eastside yo! program), gedco, johnston square community association, asylee women’s enterprise, dayspring transitional housing, marian house, one-stop career centers, and the baltimore city department of social services. industry-based partners include: walgreen’s, genesis healthcare, maria health care center, johns hopkins hospital, and st. agnes hospital.
city life community builders, inc.  
	award amount: $118,676.00
program point of contact: 
ellen burke, program director eburke13@msn.com; (410) 371-6526
http://citylifecommunitybuilders.com/
through its level 1 construction training program, city life community builders will serve 20 baltimore city residents between the ages of 18-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the construction field and primarily target communities of east baltimore for candidate recruitment. targeted communities include (and are not limited to) broadway east and middle east. project participants will receive training and certification for placements in housing renovation, repair and painting. 
core implementing partners include: morgan state university school of social work, the relevancy project, the baltimore city health department, harbor bank of maryland community development corporation, and helping empower all lives. industry-based partners include: whiting-turner, ram contracting services, llc, kinsley construction, and the green and healthy homes initiative.
civic works, inc. 
	award amount: $250,000.00
program point of contact: 
eli allen, director of retrofit baltimore and new initiatives  
eallen@baltimoregreencareers.org; (410) 929-6135
http://civicworks.com/
through its baltimore center for green careers, civic works will serve 85 baltimore city residents between the ages of 16-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the construction field and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment.  targeted communities include (and are not limited to): sandtown-winchester, belair-edison, coldstream-homestead-montebello, park heights, and penn-north. project participants will receive training and certification for placements as construction workers in residential energy efficiency, brownfields/environmental remediation, and solar energy. 
core implementing partners include: baltimore city community college. outreach and referral partners include: western district community relations council, the baltimore station, southwest partnership, new park heights community development corporation, fulton community association, belair-edison neighborhoods, inc., historic east baltimore community action corporation, coldstream homestead montebello community corporation, holy nativity st john’s development corporation, penn-north community resource center, southeast community development corporation, cherry hill community coalition, and harlem park neighborhood council. supportive service partners include: the one stop career network, office of child support, maryland division of probation and parole, our daily bread employment center, and marion house. industry-based partners include:  lifeline environmental, urban green environmental, ecomize usa, elysian energy, hawkeye construction, home energy loss professionals, geo-technology associates, solar gaines, cain contracting and reliable heating and cooling, and the devere insulation company.
humanim, inc.
	award amount: $249,695.00
point of contact: 
mary manzoni, vice president of workforce development mmanzoni@humanim.com; (410) 381-7171
http://www.humanim.com/
through its baltimore city anchor institution employment project, humanim will serve 55 baltimore city residents between the ages of 16-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the administrative field and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment.  project participants will receive training and certification for placements with anchor institutions in positions including executive/administrative assistant, office clerk, unit secretary, staff assistant, and certified medical administrative assistant.
core implementing partners include:  baltimore integration partnership, the community college of baltimore county, digit all systems and keller professional services. outreach and referral partners include: broadway east community association, center for urban families, southwest partnership, historic east baltimore community action coalition, greater homewood community corporation/strong city baltimore, central baltimore partnership, and maryland new directions. industry-based partners include: johns hopkins university, johns hopkins health system, university of maryland – baltimore, university of maryland medical system, university of baltimore, lifebridge health, loyola university maryland, notre dame university of maryland, maryland institute college of art, morgan state university, redbrick lmd and landmatters.
check out this employment success story on humanim and one baltimore for jobs
jane addams resource corporation, inc.
	award amount: $250,000.00
	program point of contact:
	elaine carroll, program director elainec@jane-addams.org; (410) 900-1440 
http://www.jane-addams.org/
through its careers in manufacturing program, the jane addams resource corporation will serve 25 baltimore city residents between the ages of 18-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the manufacturing sector and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment, particularly the park heights area. project participants will receive training and certification for placements in positions including computer numerical control (cnc) machinist and welder.
core implementing partners include: baltimore cash campaign, park heights renaissance and neighborhoods united. outreach and referral partners include: center for urban families, catholic charities, maryland new directions, kra corporation, goodwill industries, vehicles for change, baltimore one-stop career centers and the maryland manufacturing extension partnership.
job opportunities taskforce, inc. 
	award amount: $250,000.00
program point of contact:  
elisabeth sachs, executive director esachs@jotf.org; (410) 234-8040  
http://www.jotf.org/
through its project jumpstart program, the job opportunities taskforce will serve 42 baltimore city residents between the ages of 18-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the construction field and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment, particularly southwest, west and east baltimore.  project participants will receive training and certification for entry-level placements with organizations in the construction industry. 
core implementing partners include: catholic charities, associated builders and contractors. outreach and referral partners include: southwest partnership, living classrooms foundation, catholic charities, historic east baltimore community action coalition, center for urban families, bon secours community works, build, baltimore cash, vehicles for change, and the local one-stop career centers. industry-based partners include: hirsch electric, tissa enterprises, inc., and environmental geological services-mid atlantic.
maryland new directions, inc. 
	award amount: $250,000.00
program point of contact: 
grace lee, executive director glee@mdnewdirections.org; (410) 230-0630
http://www.mdnewdirections.org/

	through its maritime transportation distribution and logistics training program, maryland new directions will serve 120 baltimore city residents with a focus on young adults between the ages of 18-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the maritime, transportation, distribution and logistics fields and primarily target the following communities for candidate recruitment: charles village, charles north, abell, remington, barclay, better waverly, old goucher, greenmount west, east baltimore, pigtown and belair-edison.  project participants will receive training and certification for placements in logistics, freight forwarding, warehousing, stevedoring, materials handling, and international customer service.
core implementing partners include: baltimore city community college. outreach and referral partners include: project plase, central baltimore partnership, new greenmount west community association, wayman memorial ame church, paul’s place, and historic east baltimore community action coalition. industry-based partners include: c. steinweg group, rukert terminals, securitas, baltimore port alliance, mediterranean shipping company, ecologix group, maryland port administration, premium logistics north america, john s. connor, inc., second chance, and al escorts.
new pathways, inc. 
	award amount: $250,000.00
	program point of contact: 
	mark mittelman, executive director mmittelman@newpathways.org; 410-464-2600 
http://newpathways.org/
through its pct step up training program, new pathways, inc. will serve 45 baltimore city residents between the ages of 18-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the healthcare field and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment, particularly park circle, central park heights, park heights, greenspring, liberty square and druid heights.  project participants will receive training and certification for placements as certified patient care technicians.  
core implementing partners include: maryland center for adult training (mcat). outreach and referral partners include: park heights community health alliance, park heights renaissance, baltimore city department of social services, maryland academy of technology and health sciences middle/high school, frederick douglas high school, and the vivian t. thomas medical arts academy. industry-based partners include: university of maryland hospital, mercy hospital, the greater baltimore medical center, and sinai hospital.
vehicles for change, inc.  
	award amount: $125,000.00
program point of contact: 
marty schwartz, president mschwartz@vehiclesforchange.org; 443-690-5007
www.vehiclesforchange.org
through its automotive technicians for change training program, vehicles for change will serve 28 baltimore city residents between the ages of 16-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the automotive field and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment. project participants will receive training and certification for placements as automotive technicians. 
outreach and referral partners include: the northwest one-stop career center, center for urban families, humanim, our daily bread, zion baptist church, the maryland department of labor, licensing and regulation’s correctional education program, the baltimore city drug treatment court, baltimore city department of social services/project independence, maryland department of public safety and correctional services - division of parole and probation, and catholic charities/christopher place employment academy. industry-based partners include: antwerpen auto group, munro muffler, aaa mid-atlantic, the maryland mass transit administration, the maryland automobile dealers association, the chesapeake automotive business association, norris automotive, precision tune and brooks-huff and toyota mid-atlantic.
targeted training for careers health care for baltimore city residents rfp –
	award recipient
baltimore alliance for careers in healthcare
award amount: $150,000.00
program point of contact:
	laura spada, executive director lspada@baltimorealliance.org; 443-692-9429
http://www.baltimorealliance.org/
through its health careers opportunities as community health workers or peer recovery specialists in baltimore training program, baltimore alliance for careers in healthcare will serve 130 baltimore city residents targeting those between the ages of 16-29. the project will deliver occupational skills training in the healthcare industry and target economically distressed communities across the city for candidate recruitment. project participants will receive training and certification for placements as peer recovery specialists (45) and community health workers (45).
outreach and referral partners include: park heights community health alliance, southwest partnerships, inc, penn north, helping up mission, civic works, md new directions, bon secours community works,
adult education services & workforce development rfp - award recipients
america works of maryland, inc
award amount: $150,000.00
program point of contact:
	marsha netus, general managermetus@americaworks.com; 410-626-9676
http://www.americaworks.com/locations/maryland
through its adult education and literacy services program, america works of maryland in partnership with baltimore city community college will serve 192 baltimore city residents between the ages of 16-29. the project will deliver adult education services, including ged tutoring and adult basic education, and referrals to supportive services, targeting individuals in the 21215 and 21217 zip codes. project participants will receive diplomas or gains of two grade levels in literacy and/or math scores on the test for adult basic education (tabe). the hope is to assist those without diplomas or testing below grade level to enter into 1b4j occupational skills training programs.
supportive service partners include: black mental health alliance, dress for success, baltimore city community college, wells fargo, and house of ruth.
living classrooms foundation and south baltimore learning center
award amount: $149,999
program point of contact:
	annmarie westerfield, executive director of south baltimore learning centerawesterfield@southbaltimorelearns.org;
	410-625-4215
http://southbaltimorelearns.org/
through its target investment zone – adult education & workforce development program, living classrooms foundation and south baltimore learning center will serve 190 baltimore city residents (143 between the ages of 18-29). the project will deliver adult education services, including ged tutoring and adult basic education, and referrals to supportive services, targeting individuals around the fayette street corridor, pleasant view gardens, perkins homes, oldtown/middle east, mcelderry park, patterson park, and the hopkins medical campus . project participants will receive diplomas or gains of two grade levels in literacy and/or math scores on the comprehensive adult student assessment systems (casas) test. the hope is to assist those without diplomas or testing below grade level to enter into 1b4j or living classrooms occupational skills training programs.
neighborhood-based outreach services & youth/young adult on-ramps to work (community connections) rfp – award recipients:
baltimoreans united in leadership development (build)
award amount: $128,376.38
program point of contact:
	melvin wilson, director of turnaround tuesdaymwilson830@yahoo.com; 443-630-4409
http://www.buildiaf.org/
through its turnaround tuesday program, build will serve 210 baltimore city residents (at least 158 between the ages of 16-29). the project will focus on recruiting low-skilled, unemployed or underemployed african-american males with criminal records in the 21213, 21205, 21202, 21217, and 21229 zip codes. they will provide work readiness training, job placement, retention, case management, and support services referrals. project participants will receive basic work preparation, leadership development, and assistance with expungement, substance abuse, housing, and child support.
supportive service and referral partners include: behavioral health systems baltimore, baltimore city office of child support, a step forward, baltimore city police department, zion baptist church, no boundaries coalition, maryland department of parole and probation, child first authority
center for urban families
award amount: $150,000.00
program point of contact:
	nij sowah, director of programsnsowah@cfuf.org; 410-246-1433 and catherine pitchford, senior manager, economic success cpitchford@cfuf.org; 410-246-1433
http://www.cfuf.org/economic-success-overview/
through its b’more youth connection project (bycp), center for urban familes in partnership with greater mondawmin coordinating council and loving arms, inc will serve 60 baltimore city residents (at least 48 between the ages of 16-29). the project will focus on recruiting low-skilled, unemployed or underemployed african-american males in mondawmin, park heights, penn north, and sandtown-winchester neighborhoods and provide them occupational skills and work readiness training, job placement, retention, case management, and support services referrals. project participants will receive basic work preparation and assistance with housing, physical and mental health, substance abuse, domestic violence and child maltreatment prevention, child support, legal aid, personal development, clothing, transportation, childcare, and other work-related needs.
supportive service partners include: mi casa su casa, house of change, the woda group, maryland transportation administration, vehicles for change, gaudenzia, infinity counseling, pba associates, total healthcare, turn around, maryland legal aid bureau, justadvice, maryland volunteer lawyers service, baltimore city department of social services, earnbenefits
fusion partnerships, inc - ingoma foundation
award amount: $150,000.00
program point of contact: paulo gregory harris, executive director paulo@ingomafoundation.com; 443-794-1688
https://ingomafoundation.com/
through its theconnect program, ingoma foundation, inc (fiscal sponsor fusion partnerships, inc) in partnership with the choice program, court appointed special advocates, change 4 real community corporation, oliver community 250, and startup maryland will serve 40 baltimore city residents (at least 30 between the ages of 16-29) from the oliver and oldtown neighborhoods. the project will focus on recruiting low-skilled, unemployed or underemployed african-american males between ages 18-24 baltimore and provide them work readiness training, entrepreneurship experiences, job placement, retention, case management, and support services referrals. project participants will receive basic work preparation and barrier removal assistance.
the youth empowered society (yes)
award amount: $150,000.00
program point of contact:
	lara law, program directorlara@yesdropincenter.org; 410-235-7744
http://www.yesdropincenter.org/
through its on ramps to work for baltimore’s homeless youth program, yes in partnership with art with a heart and lisa phillips (celeebrate us) will serve 120 baltimore city residents (at least 100 between the ages of 16-29). the project will focus on recruiting low-skilled, unemployed or underemployed youth experiencing homelessness throughout baltimore and provide them work readiness training, job placement, retention, case management, and support services referrals. project participants will receive basic work preparation and assistance with emergency shelter, public benefits, college education, housing, peer support, clothing, transportation, conflict mediation, identification documentation, driver’s education, legal services, physical and mental health, and child support.
supportive service partners include: health care for the homeless, wraparound maryland, homeless person’s representation project, university of baltimore law school’s family clinic
requests for proposals
please visit our resources page to see 1b4j-related rfps.




close 

main menu
moed service locations
mobile career services
charm city works
now hiring job board
employment connection center
employer services
job seeker services
youth services
financial empowerment center
success stories
newsroom
contact us
arpa dashboard
baltimore city workforce dashboard
stevens amendment (sa) disclosure

 
quick links
job seeker assistance request formlocal hiring lawcurrent job openings at moedlocal workforce plan (wioa) 2020-2024baltimore health corps pilot: early lessons faq for the americans with disabilities act (ada)language access plan
 












 

 















 

 
city of baltimore


city hall - room 250 	100 n. holliday st, baltimore, md 21202 city operator: (410) 396-3100 

 
accessibility statementprivacy policyterms of use
 


contact

name *



email *



message *









leave this field blank 


captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.




send

 







 

 


copyright © 2024 city of baltimore
	all rights reserved.









 

 


 

 


 




