



the cyber education initiative
















the cyber education intiative




home
about
services
contact









 
 
 






promoting the use of technology in education
students learn better with technology!


















internet access
when students have access to the internet, it gives them access to the world and greatly enhances learning overall. this has been proven in multiple studies. internet access in schools enables:


a higher level of education
communication with other students
faster access to learning materials
increased collaboration




computer-based lectures
having computers in the classroom and accessible to students on campus makes it easier for students to acess the internet and do a variety of other tasks including submitting homework online and streaming lectures and educational videos.


computers increase productivity
they all for streaming of lectures
save paper in terms of textbooks
help students broaden their horizons




technical learning
delivering educational content over the internet using pcs, tablets, and smartphones helps students to engage in technical learning which is superior to traditional learning in a variety of ways.


it saves textbooks and paper
information is more accessible
information can be access from anywhere
distribution of information is cheaper




electronic books
instead of using printed textbooks, students can enjoy a variety of advantages by using electronic textbooks. this includes


faster searching of information
ease of reading
saving on paper and the environment
lower cost











the cyber education initiative: helping educators understand the importance of using technology in schools and in the classroom
times have changed and with all of the technology that's upon us can have a dramatic effect on the learning capability of students and classrooms. the cyber education initiative's mission is to help educators undstand the importans of technology in schools.
 
for schoolsâ and academic institutions looking forâ web hosting for nonprofitsâ or other nonprofit technical resources, visitâ microsoft azure's nonprofit/education page.

about us

 
the cyber education initiative: making a difference
the cyber education initiative is supported in part by viewers like you. contact us for ways to get involved in your local community and make a difference through cyber education.
 
corporate-level supporting partners include organizations like caltech and find my electric.

contact us


















the cyber education initiative

copyright â© 2021 all rights reserved | the cyber education initiative
load testingâ for this website is performed withâ loadviewâ andâ apache jmeter.






