   first congregational church of elgin         256 e. chicago st. elgin, il 60120(847) 741-4045weekly worship: sunday 9:30am
i'm newhomehow we giveministriesadult ministrychildren ministrycongregational careenvironmental ministriesmission grantsmusicserving the churchsmall groupsthemessundayabout uschurch staffgovernancehistory of fcc elginlocationmembers sign inour church usagehappeningscalendareventsorgan tourseasonalweddingsi’m newchildren ministryconfirmationsunday schooldirections/parkingeventslovewhat to expect / our beliefssunday
the great elgin pipe organ tour 2024-2025travel along with fcc music director and organist, dr. jeff neufeld, as he and guests perform on the many pipe organs of elgin’s churches, from the massive four-manual austin/rodgers organ at first united methodist, to the small but mighty one-manual casavant at christ the lord lutheran.learn moreyou are welcome here no matter who you are.about usjoin our ministriesministriescaring for creation environmental ministriesministrieslove is lovei'm newgifts of the dark wooda lenten journey of self reflectionclick here

i'm new
sunday
music
events
first congregationalunited church of christ – elgin, ilministriesembraces diversity, social justice, and progressive theology. open and affirming, promoting love, acceptance, and inclusion.about uswant to know more about our church that started in elgin founder, james gifford’s cabin? meet our church staff and learn more about the structure of first congregational church and the united church of christ.upcoming eventsour sunday services, special musical events, ministry groups and community outreach offer ways to connect with our congregation regularly. join us!how we givewe believe we are called to touch lives not only in our immediate, local community, but also in the larger world in need.welcome from pastor jessewelcome to first congregational church of elgin! i’m so glad you found our website!one of the important affirmations in the united church of christ is, “no matter who you are or where you are on life’s journey, you are welcome here.”are you craving an authentic connection to god? are you looking for a progressive message about faith and spirituality?are you ready for a sense of belonging and involvement? are you seeking to find meaning in your unanswered questions?then fcc elgin is the place for you!we’re a spiritual community with a long, rich, diverse heritage here in elgin for 184+ years. we’re a church that is proudly progressive, intentionally inclusive, and authentically christian. we honor many paths to god, encourage questions, seek social justice, care for the planet, and welcome lgbtq individuals and families.there are many ways to learn more about us and get involved, so please explore our website and don’t hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.peace to you in jesus christ,pastor jesse tanner

learn more about our churchi'm newlbgtq+ | diversity & equality | mental health | environment | social justice | poverty | love in actionabout fcc
united church of christ(847) 741-4045256 e. chicago st. elgin, il 60120about ushistory of fcc elginlocationchurch staffgovernanceour church usagemembers sign in
followfollowfollowsubscribe* indicates requiredemail address *first name last name 
/* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */

 privacy policy | contact uscopyright © 2025 first congregational church of elgin      



