





















































there is not an infinite set of fiddler crab sentences — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































kittyroara
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














kittyroara







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







fresh!

friends

filing cabinet

memories

kittyroara's deviantart site













there is not an infinite set of fiddler crab sentences
kittyroara







check it out...
coheed and cambria   ~   goulais river rats   ~   deviant art   ~   end of the world   ~   strongbad



april 2008










 
















 
















1
















2
















3
















4
















5

















6
















7
















8
















9
















10
















11
















12

















13
















14
















15
















16
















17
















18
















19

















20
















21
















22
















23
















24
















25
















26

















27
















28
















29
















30
















 
















 
















 

























                        thursday, april 10th, 2008 05:09 pm
                        







the universe, in a nutshellthe world is not a dangerous place; the world is a safe place with moments of danger.the problem is not that there are problems - the problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having a problem is a problem.be honest (it's scary but it's better)."a lie is a lie whether it's a paper-clip or a mountain." ~ann lewissmoking cigarettes and eating junk food are signals of low self esteem.never judge others the way you judge yourself.“seeing a person walk timidly or confidently into a roomful of people we understand much about their psychological state. and this body/mind sphere of influence is always bidirectional: how we are in one dimension impacts how we are in the other.”~daniel mintie & julie k. staples, tarka issue #013"i found out a long time ago/what a woman can do to your soul/but she can't take you anywhere/that you don't already know how to go." ~the eagles, peaceful easy feelingdo not avoid pain/hurt/upset for it will help you learn and grow. be introspective before and after the turmoil.whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.do what occurs to you. ~robbie adamsomkarma, by ann lewis: "you've got such bad people skills, no wonder the universe made us cut up your credit card!"nothing can be created out of nothing. ~lucretiusnothing begins and nothing ends. ~francis thompsonas for me, all i know is that i know nothing. ~socratesthere is nothing new except what has been forgotten. ~marie antoinetteit is remembering that feeds consciousness. ~ellen burstynnone of us really changes over time. we only become more fully what we are. ~ellen burstyngive to every other being every right that you claim for yourself."at the end of the day a lot of it is about communication and the power of words and how much good or damage you can cause without even raising your fist." ~gavin rossdaleonce the difficult times have passed, you might see what was always visible. (hindsight is 20/20)you have a choice about who and how you are in this life. remember to ask yourself: is this really who i want to be?"how am i not myself?" ~i <3 huckabeesaction eliminates worry. ~vincent felettilife is a succession of lessons that must be lived to be understood. ~helen kelleralways what we are leaving behind will be the source of light and shadow of what we are going toward. ~ellen burstynas much as we decry our early treatment at home, we just keep on repeating it because that's what we know. we don't have to be victims of our conditioning, we just have to be willing to do the work of reprogramming ourselves. each of us must learn how to let go of our habitual ways of being, and give birth to our realized potential. ~ellen burstyn"that's what it all boils down to - finding someone to give all our love to so it doesn't clog up our hearts and turn us to stone." ~ellen burstynwhen the student is ready, the teacher appears.samsara: the buddhist word for the inevitable state of confusion and blind repetitious behaviour suffered by all sentient beings who have not yet realized the nature of their own minds and thereby gained the release of enlightenment.this, too, shall pass.do not judge, just observe. it's the ego that gets wounded; it's the soul that grows when it doesn't identify with the ego.your being attracts your life. if you want to change your life, change your being; change your vibration.every person and thing vibrates at a different electromagnetic frequency. we attract other people and events that are vibrating at the same frequency.what you are looking for is what is looking. (you have everything you need within).evil lives in the shadow of each of us. it is all our repressed, disowned feelings our egos hate to see or acknowledge. the battle between good and evil is fought inside us all the time. the choice we make in each moment, whether to manifest or to sacrifice our integrity, is just one way that the battle is waged.synchronicities are meaningful coincidences. they happen when the inner world and outer world line up.the universe is a series of only partially overlapping simultaneous events.if you want to know who you truly are, the answer won't be found in the outer world; you must go inside and see where your instincts lead you.one of the tasks of adulthood is to look at what has been laid down in our brains early on and decide whether we want to keep that as part of our worldview. certainly anything that got programmed in as a limitation of our possibilities needs to be examined and consciously kept or rejected.you can slay the enemy outside but when it is within, you can't kill it without killing yourself. you must learn to master it. the spiritual warrior's greatest challenge is mastery of self.the brain is a machine for the education of the soul.there is a difference between judgement and discernment. it is not our job to judge each other because we don't have all the facts or information about other people's karma. but somebody, or something, somewhere, does, and that is enough. in the words of ann lewis: "when christina wakes up and looks in the mirror in the morning, she's still christina, and that is her punishment."there are two opposing forces in each of us. one is a spiritual force through which our soul expresses itself.the other is the force of our animal nature. they are the positive and negative poles of our being, and each heals the other. it is balancing these two forces that is the spiritual path. the nafs-i-ammara (nafs) is our enemy on this path. it is our "self-commanding evil" with tools of pride and doubt.watch out for that "riding high" feeling. there's always a plunge waiting for you around the next turn in the road. any truly enlightening experience is followed by a heaviness as you leave the realm of spirit and re-enter the world of matter. this is called "nigredo" and is a natural part of the process, soon transmuting into the next stage.a soldier reports to his general at the end of each day: "this is what i did today, this is how i fought to save the entire battle in my own sector, these are the obstacles i found, this is how i plan to fight tomorrow." i am the soldier. i am the battlefield. and i am the general.love is a battlefield.we tend to limit our definitions of the word love to sexual or familial love, but there are so many kinds. love is total acceptance of the person. accepting him or her without judgement. when people are accepted as they are, with all their flaws and frailties, they bloom. they blossom. they are healed.you have something to offer - yourself - which is a true and worthy offering.is there really a better aspiration anyone can have than to be the best human being one can possibly be? ~ellen burstynart is the search for beauty as religion is the search for truth. it is not the finding; it is the search.we have feelings for people who can love us in ways we can't love ourselves. we know that they can see us, stripped down and bare.all that we are in this life is the result of our actions in previous lives, and whether or not we enacted the positive or negative aspects of "right action."find the truth in one's own experience; do not take in dogma as though it is your own experience when, in fact, it has been swallowed whole and not really digested.do your work as though your very life depends on doing a good job, but do not be attached to the results of that. this is the fullest expression of who you are at your most profound level of commitment. practising this in real life requires constant reminding. it is so easy to "fall asleep" and get lost in your own mind.we can't always choose our circumstances, but we can choose our response to them.anxiety is usually a product of getting ahead of yourself. of fearing the future. of thinking beyond what you know. of judging the unknown.life doesn't owe you anything.don't wait to be centered before giving love. it is the giving of love that brings us back to center.judgements are condemnations of someone or something for not fulfilling a perceived need.every one of us is a full spiritual being - one person is not more spiritual than another. to be more aware of your spirituality doesn't mean you are more spiritual, it means you are more awake. when we are fully awake, everyone's spirituality is seen and honoured equally.'positive thinking' is often a compensative attempt at dealing with one's belief in negativity. when we lift the judgements of 'positive' and 'negative' we find that what is, is.rejection is an opportunity to love yourself more truly.a spiritual path is not isolated to meditation or church attendance or going to workshops - it's about how we treat someone at the supermarket and how we perceive the ordinary world around us.fear and excitement are very similar energies supporting very dissimilar results. creativity fear = worry. creativity excitement = vision. we can choose our direction.boundaries based on fear create resistance and againstness - they attract that which we've not yet learned to face. boundaries made from intuition and love attract more of the same. the difference between "i'm afraid to be involved in that" and "i'm open to my most appropriate experience but that is not it right now" is vast.this is the flow. it can be trusted or resisted.one of the most important aspects of leadership is being able to see the gifts in yourself and in others. people don't come to you to get rid of problems, they come to get in touch with their gifts. in receiving gifts, problems dissolve in the illusion they sprang from.why struggle to earn the love you're already worth?release the need for approval - it is ego-based. your spiritual essence does not need approval, it's worth is not questioned.it only looks like chaos when i think i know where everything goes.as we age, we grow older - we learn more about who we are and feel a lessening need to cling to that part of ourselves we call ego. as we discover ourselves we realize the gentle permanence of who we are and become less afraid. we realize that we can return to ourselves at any time, and that we are free to put our ego aside for ourself and others and explore.anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding. ~ghandipeople spend too much time running away to realize what they might be running toward. so what should we do now? whatever comes next. ~losta 30-second guide to how the 2013 ruling by the u.s. supreme court "that the federal government will now recognize gay marriages as legitimate (specifically, that the defense of marriage act that had been preventing it was unconstitutional): http://www.cracked.com/quick-fixes/a-30-second-guide-to-how-gay-marriage-ruling-affects-you/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=fanpage&utm_campaign=new+article&wa_ibsrc=fanpage#ixzz2xsn8yxpm"history is a set of lies agreed upon." ~napolean bonaparte"history begins for us with murder and enslavement, not with discovery." ~william carlos williams"the whites told only one side. told it to please themselves. told much that is not true. only his own best deeds, only the worst deeds of the indians, has the white man told." ~ywllow wolf, nez percé, c. 1877the books are filled with names of kings.was it kings who hauled the craggy blocks of stone?...young alexander conquered india.he alone?~bertolt brechtthere was then no sickness;they had then no aching bones;they had then no high fever;they had then no smallpox;they had then no burning chest...they had then no consumption...at that time the course of humanity was orderly.the foreigners made it otherwise when they arrived here.~mayan text c. 16th century"savages we call them, because their manners differ from ours, which we think the perfection of civility; they think the same of theirs." ~benjamin franklin, 1784"we know our lands are now become more valuable. the white people think we do not know their value; but we are sensible that the land is everlasting, and the few goods we receive for it are soon worn out and gone...besides, we are not well used with respect to the lands still unsold by us. your people daily settle on these lands, and spoil our hunting. we must insist on your removing them...for they do great damage to our cousins the delawares. it is customary with us to make a present of skins whenever we renew our treaties. we are ashamed to offer our brethren so few; but your horses and cows have eaten the grass our deer used to feed on." ~canasatego, onondaga orator, 1740s"if christians were to cultivate the same frugality they might maintain very powerful armies at small cost and make war on enemies of the church and of the christian name without oppressing the people or ruining the country, and god would not be so greatly offended as he is by the majority of our soldiers who seem, to a good man, rather people without god than christians born to be raised to heaven." ~father gabriel sagard, 1939"whether the blue whale survives should not have to depend on what humans know or choose to value. human interests and preferences are far too parochial to provide a satisfactory basis for deciding what is environmentally desirable." ~richard sylvan, is there a need for a new, an environmental, ethic?"adams asks in his essay "the dynamo and the virgin" how the products of modern industrial civilization will compare with those of the religious culture of the middle ages. if he could see the landfills and hazardous waste facilities bordering the power stations and honeymoon hotels of niagara falls he would know the answer. he would understand what happens when efficiency replaces infinity as the central conception of value." ~mark sagoff, "at the shrine of our lady fatima, or why political questions are not all economic""the classes are not the white and the black, the good and the bad, the sheep and the goats, as the orthodox would have us believe. we are all good and bad, not black or white, but varying shades of grey. neither are we sheep or goats, but moral alpacas, all of us - something between a sheep and a goat. but no less are we divided into two clear-cut classes. each of us puts himself of his own volition into the class of the self-centered, or the self-forgetting, and in the act marks himself as happy or unhappy." ~agnes dean cameron, "ninety miles of rapids," the new north: an account of a woman's 1908 journey through canada to the arctic"an optimist is somebody who considers his problems temporary, controllable and linked to specific situations that can be changed. for an optimist, it makes no sense to lose hope. we can always do better, limit the damage, find an alternative solution, rebuild what has been destroyed, take the current situation as a starting point, direct our effort in the best apparent direction and enjoy inner peace instead of wasting time brooding over the past and worrying about the future." ~matthieu ricardhis catholic majesty must know that we found these countries in such a condition that there were no theives, no vicious men, no idlers...we have transformed these natives, who had so much wisdom and commited so few crimes...there was then no evil thing, but today there is no good. ~mancio sierra (a conqueror of peru), 1589if science produces no better fruits than tyranny...i would rather wish our country to be ignorant, honest and estimable as our neighbouring savages are. ~thomas jefferson, 1812we six nations of indians feel we have potentially a superior social system to that of the united states. if only we were left alone, we could redevelop our society...which was old in democracy when europe knew only monarchs. ~ernest benedict, mohawk, 1941.(1) the well-being and flourishing of human and non-human life on earth have value in themselves (synonyms: intrinsic value, inherent worth). these values are independent of the usefulness of the non-human world for human purposes.(2) richness and diversity of life forms contribute to the realization of these values and are also values in themselves.(3) humans have no right to reduce this richness and diversity except to satisfy vital needs.(4) the flourishing of human life and cultures is compatible with a substantially smaller human population. the flourishing of non-human life requires a smaller human population.(5) present human interference with the non-human world is excessive, and the situation is rapidly worsening.(6) policies must therefore be changed. these policies affect basic economic, technological, and ideological structure. the resulting state of affairs will be deeply different from the present.(7) the ideological change will be mainly that of appreciating life quality (dwelling in situations of inherent value) rather than adhering to an increasingly higher standard of living. there will be a profound awareness of the difference between bigness and greatness.(8) those who subscribe to the foregoing points have an obligation directly or indirectly to try and implement the necessary changes.~arne naess and george sessions, principles of deep ecologyi am not so important that an animal must die every time i need to eat.human knowledge and human power meet in one; for where the cause is not known the effect cannot be produced. nature to be commended must be obeyed; and that which in contemplation is as the cause is in operation the rule. ~francis bacon - aphorisms, book one, from novum organumtoward the effecting of works, all that man can do is to put together or put assunder natural bodies. the rest is done by nature working within. ~francis bacon - aphorisms, book one, from novum organumit is idle to expect any great advancement in science from the superinducing and engrafting of new things upon old. we must begin anew from the very foundations, unless we would revolve forever in a circle with mean and contemptible progress. ~francis bacon - aphorisms, book one, from novum organum...with regard to the mass and composition of [natural history]: i mean it to be a history not only of nature free and at large (when she is left to her own course and does her work her own way)—such as that of the heavenly bodies, meteors, earth and sea, minerals, plants, animals—but much more of nature under constraint and vexed; that is to say, when by art and the hand of man she is forced out of her natural state, and squeezed and moulded. therefore i set down at length all experiments of the mechanical arts . . . seeing that the nature of things betrays itself more readily under the vexation of art than in its natural freedom. ~francis bacon, the great instaurationthe idols and false notions which are now in possession of the human understanding, and have taken deep root therein, not only so beset men's minds that truth can hardly find entrance, but even after entrance is obtained, they will again in the very instauration of the sciences meet and trouble us, unless men being forewarned of the danger fortify themselves as far as may be against their assaults.    there are four classes of idols which beset men's minds...idols of the tribe...idols of the cave...idols of the market-place...idols of the theater.    ...the idols of the tribe have their foundation in human nature itself, and in the tribe or race of men. for it is a false assertion that the sense of man is the measure of things. on the contrary, all perceptions, as well of the sense as of the mind, are according to the measure of the individual and not according to the measure of the universe. and the human understanding is like a false mirror, which, receiving rays irregularly, distorts and discolors the nature of things by mingling its own nature with it.   the idols of the cave are the idols of the individual man. for everyone (besides the errors common to human nature in general) has a cave or den of his own, which refracts and discolors the light of nature; owing either to his own proper and peculiar nature or to his education and conversation with others; or to the reading of books, and the authority of those who he esteems and admires; or to the differences of impressions, accordingly, as they take place in a mind preoccupied and predisposed or in a mind indifferent and settled; or the like. so that the spirit of man (according as it is meted out to different individuals) is in fact a thing variable and full of perturbation, and governed as it were by chance. whence it was well observed by heraclitus that men look for sciences in their own lesser worlds, and not in the greater or common world.    there are also idols formed by intercourse and association of men with each other, which i call idols of the market-place, on account of the commerce and consort of men there. for it is by discourse that men associate; and words are imposed according to the apprehension of the vulgar. and therefore the ill and unfit choice of words wonderfully obstructs the understanding. nor do the definitions or explanations, wherewith in some things learned men are wont to guard and defend themselves, by any means set the matter right. but words plainly force and overrule the understanding and throw all into confusion, and lead men away into numberless empty controversies and idle fantasies.    lastly there are idols which have immigrated into men's minds from the various dogmas of philosophies, and also from wrong laws of demonstration. these i call idols of the theater; because in my judgement all the received systems are but so many stageplays, representing worlds of their own creation after an unreal and scenic fashion. nor is it only of the systems now in vogue, or only of the ancient sects and philosophies, that i speak; for many more plays of the same kind may yet be composed and in like artificial manner set forth; seeing that errors the most widely different have nevertheless causes for the most part alike. neither again do i mean this only of entire systems, but also of many principles and axioms in science, which by tradition, credulity, and negligence have come to be received...    the human understanding is of its own nature prone to suppose the existence of more order and regularity in the world than it finds. and though there be many things in nature which are singular unmatched, yet it devises for them parallels and conjugates and relatives which do not exist...    the human understanding when it has once adopted an opinion (either as being the received opinion or as being agreeable to itself) draws all things else to support and agree with it. and though there be a greater number and weight of instances to be found on the other side, yet these it either neglects and despises, or else by some distinction sets aside and rejects; in order that by this great and pernicious predetermination the authority of its former conclusions may remain inviolate. and therefore it was a good answer that was made by one who when they showed him hanging in a temple a picture of those who had paid their vows as having escaped a shipwreck, and would have him say whether he did not now acknowledge the power of the gods, - "aye," asked he again, "but where are they painted that were drowned after their vows?" and such is the way of all superstition, whether in astrology, dreams, omens, divine judgements, or the like; wherein men, having a delight in such vanities, mark the events where they are fulfilled, but where they fail, though this happen much oftener, neglect and pass them by...besides, independently of that delight and vanity which i have described, it is the peculiar and perpetual error of the human intellect to be more moved and excited by affirmatives than by negatives; whereas it ought properly to hold itself indifferently disposed towards both alike. indeed in the establishment of any true axiom, the negative instance is the more forcible of the two.    ...the understanding must therefore not be supplied with wings, but rather hung with weights, to keep it from leaping and flying. now this has never yet been done; when it is done, we may entertain better hopes of the sciences.    ...we must also examine and try whether the axiom so established be framed to the measure of those particulars only from which it is derived, or whether it be larger and wider. and if it be larger and wider, we must observe whether by indicating to us new particulars it conform to wideness and largeness as by collateral security, that we may not either stick fast in things already known, or loosely grasp at shadows and abstract forms, not at things solid and realized in matter. and when this process shall have come into use, then at last shall we see the dawn of a solid hope.~francis bacon - aphorisms, book one, from novum organumwhen mankind is demoralised through greed, famine is the natural outcome; when moral degeneration is due to ignorance, epidemic is the inevitable result; when hatred is the demoralizing force, widespread violence is the ultimate outcome. if and when mankind realizes that large-scale devastation has taken place as a result of his moral degenerations, a change of heart takes place among the few surviving human beings. with gradual moral regeneration conditions improve through a long period of cause and effect and mankind again starts to enjoy gradually increasing prosperity and longer life. the world, including nature and mankind, stands or falls with the type of moral force at work. if immorality grips society, man and nature deteriorate; if morality reigns, the quality of human life and nature improves. thus greed, hatred, and delusion produce pollution within and without. ~lily de silva, the buddhist attitude towards naturethat the vast hoarding of wealth in some countries and the methodical destruction of large quantities of agricultural produce keep market prices from falling, while half the world is dying of hunger and starvation, is really a sad paradox of the present affluent age. ~lily de silva, the buddhist attitude towards nature...the environmental movement is supposed to be the beginning of a transformation of the way people live on the earth, a transformation in the way they relate to the earth and each other. it is to be a holistic revolution in both thought and action, in which an understanding of the nonsustainability of western industrial civilization leads us to discover, or rediscover, ways of living that respect and sustain all life on earth. ~annie booth and harvey jacobs, ties that bind: native american beliefs as a foundation for environmenatl consciousness.if there be, indeed, a special nobility inherent in the human race - a special cosmic value, distinctive from and superior to all other life - by what token shall it be manifest?   by a society decently respectful of its own and all other life, capable of inhabiting the earth without defiling it? or by a society like that of john burrough's potato bug, which exterminated the potato, and thereby exterminated itself? as one or the other shall we be judged in "the derisive silence of eternity." ~aldo leopold, a sand county almanac, "the land ethic; conservation as a moral issue; thinking like a mountain"tags: #013, aboriginal, aboriginals, aldo leopold, almighty, animal, animals, annie booth, aphorisms, arne naess, bacon, behaviour, beliefs, belong, belonging, benjamin franklin, booth, brahmin, buddha, buddhism, burstyn, canasatego, confucianism, confucius, creator, dalia lama, de sliva, earth, ecology, education, ellen burstyn, environment, essence, ethic, ethics, first people, first peoples, five nations, fourth way, francis bacon, ghandi, global, god, harvey jacobs, iroquois, jacobs, karma, land, law, laws, leopold, lesson, lessons, lily de silva, mencius, mohawk, moral, moral absolution, moral absolutionist, moral absolutionists, morals, naess, native american, native americans, nature, one, onondaga, onpensky, ouspensky, peter singer, philosophy, place in the world, pollution, principle, principles, psychology, quote, quotes, right, rights, sand county almanac, singer, six nations, sociology, spirit, spirits, spirituality, tao, taoism, teaching, teachings, the path, thomas jefferson, treatment, truth, truths, unification, unity, universal, universe, waste, water, wisdom, zen current mood:  pensif















                        sunday, may 14th, 2006 09:57 pm
                        







authorization requiredthis journal is now friends only.if you want to be added, message me. 4









fresh!

friends

filing cabinet

memories

kittyroara's deviantart site










































