








nursing assistant training institute | 


































 








pages menu 
home
nati

testimonials
resources


class schedule (click here)

nursing assistant training
nac registration
nac facts
taking care


job leads
contact us
 






 
 
 
 






 


categories menu 



 
 






welcome to nati


























we are a licensed vocational school and have been providing training for nursing assistants since 1983. our training program leads to certification in the state of washington. our newly published textbook “taking care, a guide for nursing assistants” is available nationwide.
15235 aurora ave n, #101, shoreline wa 98133
please email us or come in the office mon-thur 10:30-2:30
email address: info.natraining@gmail.com
become a valued and much in demand member of the health care team!
become a nursing assistant certified (nac) also known as certified nursing assistant (cna).  our classes are a combination of online classes via zoom (class #1-#9) and in person skills and cpr classes and clinical experience at a care facility.  you will learn how to provide compassionate and competent care through theory classes and hands on learning in skills classes and clinical experience.  our friendly, helpful instructors and office staff are here to guide you through the process.  all supplies and materials used at the school are included in tuition fees. (ie gloves, books, blood pressure cuff, etc)
classes can usually be completed in 4 weeks and then are followed by 40 hour clinical experience.
classes start every few weeks and are offered mornings, afternoons, weekday evenings and weekends.  check out our schedule and register for the class that meets your needs.
click here for class schedule
bus #301 and #348 on the e-line will bring you to our doorstep.  free parking steps away.
we are conveniently located in the greater seattle area including shoreline, edmonds, lynnwood, lake forest park, everett, redmond, bellevue, woodinville, bothell, kenmore, renton, sea-tac.
current office hours 
monday – thursday: 10:30 a.m. – 2:30 p.m.
206-546-1120
 
steps to become a nac (nursing assistant certified):

register online, or in person, and pass the english competency test in person at the school (entrance test date is specific to each class listed above).  this test cannot be waived.
successfully complete all 9 classes online including a midterm exam and pass the classroom final exam.
attend 4 labs, (increasing to 7 labs starting august 2024) which include successfully passing a skills challenge and pass bls healthcare provider cpr at our school.  these classes will occur during the same time frame as the online classes.  students come in person about once a week during the online classes to complete the in-person labs.
complete 40 hours of clinical in a nursing facility with one of our instructors after you pass the classroom training.  this will be followed by a 4-hour clinical wrap up class at the school and then upon successful completion a certificate of completion will be issued.
 you are able to register for the state skills competency test at our school once you have met requirements #1-#4.  students must pass the state skills and written competency test and then submit their nursing assistant certified application to the dept of health to become certified.  

 
reasons to select nursing assistant training institute
 

nati was established in 1983. we are the oldest private vocational school for nursing assistants in wa state, under the same ownership and management. we have a long standing reputation of excellence in the community.
we include many things for which other schools charge extra. we provide you with your textbook, american heart association cpr class and card, and use of all supplies while you are in the class (gloves, blood pressure cuffs, stethoscopes, etc.).
enthusiastic and supportive instructors. many of our instructors have been with us for numerous years and enjoy sharing their knowledge and expertise with you.
friendly and accessible office staff. you can speak to our staff in person or by phone during regular business hours. we are happy to answer questions and be of help to you.
getting you ready for a job. our students are in demand.  often students are offered a job by the facility where they did their clinical experience.  many care facilities are eager to hire our students due to our long standing reputation of educating competent and compassionate caregivers.
state testing site. skills competency testing takes place at our school.  you are more likely to feel prepared and confident testing at the same location where you learned and practiced.
conveniently located in shoreline/north seattle. we are located on a bus line and have plenty of free parking. we have a comfortable lecture classroom and a 3 bed skills classroom. our bright and airy facility makes for a pleasant learning environment.
a high referral rate. most of our students come to our school because of recommendations of family, friends, and co-workers who were former students. this is high praise indeed!
textbook is provided and included in tuition cost. “taking care, a guide for nursing assistants” was written by our program director, christina spencer, rn specifically with our students in mind.  it provides what you need to know in a clear, concise, and informative manner.  it prepares you for work as a nac/cna and also helps get you ready to pass the state competency test.

 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 


home care aide
contact us
nac facts
nac registration
class schedule (click here)
nati
nursing assistant training
resources
taking care
testimonials
welcome to nati

© nursing assistant training institute. all rights reserved.
 
 












