


bus conversion shop - custom coach & used bus sales







  





 










11 berwick st. white haven pa, 18661


telephone: 570-443-5700, fax: 570-443-9431























evolution custom coach is an employee owned, full-service bus conversion and customization facility, dedicated to making your bus conversion dream a reality. we have everything you need for your next custom motor coach or bus conversion project. our extensive range of services includes bus conversions, exterior updates, custom interiors, mechanical upgrades, bus collision and structural repairs, bus restorations, bus customizations, bus parts, structural and chassis modifications, air conditioning service, custom bus painting, bus accessories, satellite installation, automation, new and used bus sales, bus towing, and bus appraisals. by using advanced building techniques, highest quality building materials, highly trained employees who care, and integrated computer and networking technologies, evolution custom coach is reinventing the bus conversion and setting industry standards for other bus convertors to follow. 


featured
						coaches 








global xplorer


mci els4500 conversion coach












must see to believe! 6x6 motorhome! build your own! fully customizable!
call or come in for pricing & details! 



reduced price! motivated seller!
$350,000 




 





 


  





 


if you are in the market to purchase a bus, our friendly and experienced sales staff is here to help you choose a bus that will perfectly suit your needs. whether you are seeking a brand new or preowned coach, we have it on site or can find the bus you are looking for. evolution custom coach keeps a varied selection of new and used buses in stock at all times. we have seated coaches, empty conversion shells, completed conversion buses for sale, executive coaches, and band-team buses for sale. feel free to browse our buses for saleand clearance sections to view a sample of our used bus and coach inventory. please note that not all available coaches are listed on our site as inventory changes rapidly.
			  
 
			  security and survival have been rising concerns for our customers, and evolution custom coach is able to provide vehicles outfitted for extreme situations. the world is changing, and our needs will be changing with it. if a survival vehicle, expedition vehicle, or bug-out vehicle is what you are looking for, then we can accommodate. we can build your motorhome on a heavy duty 4x4 or 6x6 chassis for off-road capability or extreme weather situations. we can install positive air pressure hepa air filtration units, multi-stage water filtration with uv sterilization, armor plating, biometric locks, or any other security enhancing options available. give us a call with your concerns today!

			  please give us a call if you are looking for something that you do not see here, custom bus conversion is our specialty. consignment options are also available. if you are trying to sell your bus, give us a call and we will match you up with a qualified buyer looking for your converted bus or motor coach.







clearance buses!
reduced prices on selected coaches 





our facility, located in white haven pa, is fully outfitted with 
            
            state-of-the-art equipment, allowing us to provide all aspects of 
            
            bus repair and service as well as complete bus conversion projects. 
            
            our staff consists of the finest craftsmen and includes experts in 
            
            welding and fabrication, cabinetry, electrical, mechanical, and computer 
            
          hardware. 




 


 

if you have specific needs 

          for your bus conversion project, we will custom tailor a floorplan for 

      you. you may click the photo above or below to browse through some samples of floorplans we have made for other bus conversion customers..







evolution custom coach has many options

           for private, corporate, and industrial applications. in addition to

           luxury touring coaches, we also manufacture custom specialty vehicles

           including entertainer coaches, tour buses, mobile medical units, prison

          transport buses, executive coaches, campaign

          buses, promotional vehicles,  mobile recording studio, church buses, and many others. a bus is also a perfect platform on which to

          build a mobile showroom. the large interior and storage bays make it

          possible to demonstrate large products in a working environment. what

          better way is there to advertise your products and services than to

          take them directly to your potential clients and offer live demonstrations. press

      here to view photos inside some of our completed projects.





if you are involved in a do-it-yourself 

          bus conversion project, evolution custom coach can provide advice, recommendations, 

          and hard to find parts. we will also perform a partial bus conversion. 

          if time or experience will not allow you to do the entire conversion 

          yourself, having some aspects done by a professional bus conversion 

		  shop may be a better idea.





evolution custom coach provides parts 

          for most makes of buses. whether you are performing repairs yourself 

          or having a professional shop do it for you, we can get you the parts 

          you need to finish your project. we keep a large inventory of replacement 

          mci parts and have access to many hard to find bus parts for other manufacturers. 

          our on-site metal shop also gives us the ability to fabricate parts 

		  that may not be commercially available.


 


 




 



 we are proud to be mci's #1 motor coach converter and take your dreams serious. we have generations of experience making us quite attentive in custom bus conversions and can help with this life changing commitment. if a new bus conversion does not fit your budget, we can accommodate most budgets. we have a top team with years of resources in the bus conversions market to help you find the best quality new or used coach to fit your vision.



evolution custom coach

            professional  towing

              and emergency  road service is available for

              damage free bus towing.  we offer highline rv & coach towing

			services, so you will be able  to know your vehicle is in the trusted

              hands of our proficient experts.  always feel free to contact us

			about all needs and questions on our  services.


 


 




 


 

evolution custom coach bus conversion facility offers a wide variety of services 
              
              to please and to make sure our valued customers leave pleased with their finished custom coach. from maintenance of your coach to 
              
              our extensive bus appraisal service, customer satisfaction is our 
              
              first priority. before you buy, know exactly what you are purchasing 
              
              by using our thorough  service. we check every point to 
              
              ensure our customers get precisely what they want. contact us if 
              
              you would like a personal proposal or estimate drafted by our professionals 
              
				to give you the prices, and quality of goods you desire!





click here to e-mail us 


evolution custom coach


11 berwick st. white haven, pa 18661


tel: 570-443-5700  

        fax: 570-443-9431


http://www.evolutioncustomcoach.com


| home | for sale 

      | towing | floorplans 

      | links | directions 

  |



