











home page - mit press



































 


 












skip to content








books

column

view all subjects
new releases
catalogs
textbooks
series
awards


column

authors
distributed presses
the mit press reader
podcasts
collections


column

mit press directmit press direct is a distinctive collection of influential mit press books curated for scholars and libraries worldwide.

learn more






journals

column

journals all topics
economics
international affairs, history, & political science


column

arts & humanities
science & technology
open access


column

mit press journalsmit press began publishing journals in 1970 with the first volumes of linguistic inquiry and the journal of interdisciplinary history. today we publish over 30 titles in the arts and humanities, social sciences, and science and technology.

learn more






open access

column

open access at the mit press
open access initiatives
direct to open
mit open publishing services


column

open access books
open access journals
mit press open access @ pubpub
open encyclopedia of cognitive science


column

open accessthe mit press has been a leader in open access book publishing for over two decades, beginning in 1995 with the publication of william mitchell’s city of bits, which appeared simultaneously in print and in a dynamic, open web edition.

learn more






info for

column

current authors
prospective authors
instructors


column

media inquiries
booksellers
rights and permissions


column

resourcescollaborating with authors, instructors, booksellers, librarians, and the media is at the heart of what we do as a scholarly publisher. if you can’t find the resource you need here, visit our contact page to get in touch.

learn more






give
about

column

about
jobs
internships
mit press editorial board
mit press management board
our mit story


column

catalogs
news
events
conferences
bookstore


column

the mit pressestablished in 1962, the mit press is one of the largest and most distinguished university presses in the world and a leading publisher of books and journals at the intersection of science, technology, art, social science, and design.

learn more






contact us
 

            close menu        


                    newsletter                


search











                    newsletter                

























+


 


books



authors



on the site








home page 












a realist’s romance reading list
while the mit press may not be your natural choice of publisher for the steamiest new romance book, we can provide something arguably just as attractive in the pages of our books: a realistic approach to the latest romance themes. for example, if you liked lessons in chemistry by bonnie garmus, you might like to have some additional lessons in, well, actual chemistry.
browse the list 













black history month
this year to celebrate black history month, we’re proud to spotlight a vibrant collection of recent books that challenge and reshape our perspectives and help us see the world anew. the collection features artists speaking to black experiences in america and theorists building roadmaps for inclusive design
 
browse the list 







mit press on bluesky
over 30 million users are using bluesky to find community, start conversations, and enjoy “social media as it should be.” follow us at @mitpress.bsky.social and join many of our authors, readers, and scholarly colleagues in intellectually daring, interdisciplinary discourse.
join us on bluesky 













february books
cass sunstein’s latest book on the social cost of carbon, a nonlinear approach to navigating design’s nuances, an exploration of the dangers behind the use of ai in psychiatry, and more
browse the list 







rr/id in mexico
rapid reviews\infectious diseases (rr\id) is an open access overlay journal that accelerates peer review of important infectious disease-related research preprints. to learn more about rr/id’s editorial outpost in mexico and the journal’s vision for the future of the project, we spoke to hildy fong baker, managing editor of rr\id, and frida rivera buendía, assistant editor of rr\id mexico.
read the interview 











                        new releases                    








 







six impossible thingsjohn gribbin 



 







the queens’ ballcopi, thibaud croisy, kit schluter, olivia baes 



 







dustl. a. warman 



 







climate justicecass r. sunstein 



 







bye bye i love youmichael erard 



 







bioethics and brainsjohn r. shook, james giordano 



 







animal rightsmark rowlands 



 







a theory of everyonemichael muthukrishna 



 







i'll have what she's havingr. alexander bentley, mark earls, michael j. o'brien, john maeda 



 







data is everybody's businessbarbara h. wixom, cynthia m. beath, leslie owens 



 







consciousness demystifiedtodd e. feinberg, jon m. mallatt 



 







urban engineering for sustainabilitysybil derrible 



 







the myth that made usjeff fuhrer 



 







scaffolded mindssomogy varga 



 







human information interactionraya fidel 



 







search foundationssachi arafat, elham ashoori 



 







you'll see this message when it is too latejosephine wolff 



 







voicetracksnorie neumark 



 







nonlinearkevin g. bethune, john maeda 



 







gaming cancerjeff yoshimi 



 







a drive to survivekathryn nave 



 







the silicon shrinkdaniel oberhaus 



 







machine agencyjames mattingly, beba cibralic 



 







the autonomy of art is ordinarykim west 



 







the 14th shanghai biennaleanton vidokle, gong yan, anton vidokle, hallie ayres, zairong xiang, lukas brasiskis, elena vogman, wang xin, dong bingfeng, zhang zhen, jonas staal, christina kiaer, ekaterina kulinicheva 



 







bilingualismpenelope gardner-chloros 



 







before beautymartin miller 



 







david hammonskellie jones 



 







a year of deep listeningstephanie loveless 



 







the tales teeth telltanya m. smith 



 







digital social readingfederico pianzola 



 







macroeconomic modelingray c. fair 



 







the pointillistic citydaniel t. o'brien 



 







time machinesrichard taws 



 







introduction to fixed-income analysis and portfolio managementfrank j. fabozzi 



 







the hero of doubtroberta marcaccio, roberta marcaccio, steve piccolo, joan ockman 



 







the nature and dynamics of collaborationpaul f. m. j. verschure 



 







on arrowslaurent stalder 



 







lost days, endless nightsandrew witt 



 







island tinkerershonghong tinn 



 







the feeling of spacechristopher bardt 



 







the new televisionrachel churner, rebecca cleman, tyler maxin 



 







design rulescarliss y. baldwin 



 







learning theory from first principlesfrancis bach 



 







finance aestheticstorsten andreasen, emma sofie brogaard, mikkel krause frantzen, nicholas alan huber, frederik tygstrup, saskia sassen, goldin+senneby, jason w. moore, carmen losmann, michel feher, sarah brouillette, joshua clover, annie mcclanahan, shambhavi kaul, zachary formwalt, tom mccarthy 



 







making the world cleanfrançoise vergès 



 







codename revolutionsteven e. jones, george k. thiruvathukal 



 







multi-agent reinforcement learningstefano v. albrecht, filippos christianos, lukas schäfer 



 







design thingsthomas binder, giorgio de michelis, pelle ehn, giulio jacucci, per linde, ina wagner 



 







playframescelia pearce, janet h. murray 



 







collaborative intelligencemira lane, arathi sethumadhavan, karen chappell arellano 



 







the lies of the artistsingrid d. rowland 



 







interrogative designian wojtowicz 



 







against moral responsibilitybruce n. waller 



 







trade policy disasterdouglas a. irwin 



 







unemployment fluctuations and stabilization policiesjordi galí 



 







too much funjesper juul 



 







how to research like a dogaaron schuster 



 







the emperor's new nudityyuval kremnitzer 



 







log-linear models, extensions, and applicationsaleksandr aravkin, anna choromanska, li deng, georg heigold, tony jebara, dimitri kanevsky, stephen j. wright 



 







how to fuck like a girlvera blossom 



 







computing legaciespeter krapp 



 







darwinizing gaiaw. ford doolittle 



 







a just transition for allj. mijin cha 



 







music from elsewheredoug skinner 



 







virtual menageriesjody berland 



 







ebola's messagenicholas g. evans, tara c. smith, maimuna s. majumder, stephen goldstein, patricia c. henwood, michael j. connor jr., christian althaus, daniel bausch, armand sprecher, adia benton, kim yi dionne, laura seay, alexandra phelan, cyril ibe, marjorie kruvand, cristine russell, michael j. selgelid, annette rid, morenike o. folayan, bridget haire, kelly e. hills, lisa m. lee 



 







selected amazon reviewskevin killian, wayne koestenbaum, dodie bellamy 



 







structure and interpretation of classical mechanicsgerald jay sussman, jack wisdom 



 







listening in the fieldjoeri bruyninckx 



 







two-headed doctordavid toop 



 







appendix npeter bebergal, adrian tchaikovsky, ann vandermeer, lin carter, poul anderson, fritz leiber, clark ashton smith, jack vance, tanith lee, robert e. howard, fred saberhagen, michael moorcock, h. p. lovecraft, david madison, manly wade wellman, margaret st. clair, ramsey campbell, c. l. moore, lord dunsany, frank brunner 



 







antiracist by designcrystal c. hall, mindy hernandez 



 







in thralljane delynn, colm tóibín 



 







cities made differentlydavid graeber, nika dubrovsky 



 







glitchy visionamanda k. greene 



 







longevity hubsjoseph f. coughlin, luke yoquinto 



 





featured authors
view all authors





 

 



                karen brown            

 

 

 



                todd stern            

 

 

 



                payal arora            

 

 

 



                ellen levy            

 

 

 



                greg epstein            

 






the mit press reader
read more on the mit press reader





the art of living and dying with cancer: in conversation with dr. robert schneider
toward the end of her life, artist beatriz da costa and her oncologist forged an unexpected partnership, exploring the fragile intersection of art, science, and mortality.
by daniela lieja quintanar & ana briz





the hallucinatory thoughts of the dying mind
delirium is one of the most perplexing deathbed phenomena, exposing the gap between our cultural ideals of dying words and the reality of a disoriented mind.
by michael erard





the most mournful rendition of “the star-spangled banner” ever performed
marvin gaye’s 1983 performance of the national anthem transforms the song into a soulful elegy, a bittersweet reflection on freedom and its possibilities.
by kimberly juanita brown





on queuing: the cognitive logic behind lines
the seemingly simple act of waiting in line is guided by unwritten rules and visual signals that shape how we navigate social space.
by roberto casati






game histories









the game histories series focuses on outlining a critical historical study of games by commissioning works from scholars and professionals whose interests in game history are astute and serious, theoretically multidisciplinary, exhibit acute attention to historiography and historical methodologies, and whose wide-ranging subject matter is exhaustively researched.
series editor: henry lowood and raiford guins
playing at the world, 2e: three pillars of role-playing games by jon peterson is filled with unparalleled archival research from obscure fanzines to letters, drafts, and other ephemera. the second volume of two in a new, updated edition of the 2012 book playing at the world, this is the ultimate geek’s guide to the original rpg.
explore the series 






 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 







latest news
read our blog


 a realist’s romance reading list for valentine’s day
loved the latest buzzy booktok romance sensation? we have your perfect next read.
friday february 14, 2025




instagram
follow us






among all the irrational forces that overwhelm the


 





🏆 congratulations to philip glahn and cary levi






when william brahms’s anthology of last words ca


 





we're all set up at booth 119 for the caa 113th an



 


load more






 follow on instagram











newsletter
sign up to receive exclusive information about books, sales, and giveaways. 




first name



last name



email



sign up
















column 1

books
journals
the mit press reader
podcasts
imprints


column 2

the mit press

about
bookstore
catalogs
conferences
press editorial board
jobs
internships
press management board
news
staff
code of conduct




column 3

site help

accessibility at mit
faq
mit press accessibility
our ebooks
privacy policy
terms of use




column 4

resources

current authors
prospective authors
booksellers
instructors
rights and permissions
media inquiries
mit discounts




column 5

digital

cognet
digital partners and products
knowledge futures group
mit press direct




 



global255 main street 
9th floor 
cambridge, ma 02142 
contact
 
connect 



            © 2025 mit press. all rights reserved.        
powered by supadu





















