

conrail cyclopedia | photos, rosters, history of conrail locomotives, freight cars, and equipment



















website updated
aug 25, 2023


home
locomotives
rolling stock
maintenance
trackside
reference shelf

about
what's new
contributors
help out





 
visit our friends!

 

 









 



locomotives
locomotive photos, rosters, history, and more for conrail and its predecessor railroads from 1976 until 1999.
 










rolling stock
conrail and its predecessor railroads may be gone, but their freight cars ran the rails for decades after, even today.
 




maintenance of way
photos of conrail and predecessor equipment, such as snowplows, cranes, work trains, and track gangs.
 










trackside
nearly 1,000 photos of conrail operations, structures, and scenery across the system from contributors and myself.
 




reference shelf
documenting the many books, videos, and other reference materials of interest to fans of conrail and its predecessors.
 










conrail cabins & cabooses
visit tom wolfgang's conrail cabins & cabooses website. we also have caboose photos in the trackside section.
 







latest crcyc news
aug 18, 2023

it's been several months since i last was able to update the website due to health issues, which turned out fine.
pulled out the scanner and returned to scanning negatives from 1996. it's a shame that the 1-hour developer at the old bj's club never rinsed off the negatives properly, leaving yellow stains on them. i've done my best to correct that in photoshop, but some were just too bad to save. those that are worthwhile, i'll scan the original prints.
a big thank you to tom wolfgang for 'dragging' me into this project, and a big thank you to all the contributors and folks who have visited the crcyc over the past 25 years.
if you have any comments about the crcyc or would like to contribute photos, drop me a quick email.

--bob waller
 








copyright (c) 1998- robert s. waller. all rights reserved.
photos for personal use only. all rights reserved by original owner of image.
reproduction or redistribution in any form without express written permission is prohibited.




