



















wallace | wallace foundation






















      skip to main content
    





















topics









      afterschool
      




      arts
      




      arts education
      








      cross-sector collaboration
      




      financial management for nonprofits
      








      school leadership
      




      social and emotional learning
      




      summer learning
      








      all topics
      












insights




resources











      
            ​​​​​find hundreds of free reports, articles, videos, tools, infographics, and more
      
    


        all resources
        








      public policy considerations
  


evidence-based briefings and publications to contribute to public policy discussion 



      all public policy
      






      featured resources
  












arts


in search of the magic bullet results from the building audiences for sustainability initiative















summer learning


summer learning toolkit
















find a topic





browse insights





learn about us









about us







      who we are
  



      about wallace
      




      our history
      




      board of directors
      




      our team
      






      what we do
  



      focus areas & initiatives
      




      our approach
      






      financials & governance
  



      financials
      




      governance
      




      annual reports
      






      grants
  



      our grant process
      




      requests for proposals 
      










find a topic





browse resources & tools





browse insights











search













            search entire site
          



              search
            












              sign up
            



              sign in
            








wallace










                inspiring informed action in the arts, school leadership, and youth development 

              

                current focus areas & initiatives
                









              what's new
              













  afterschool




investing in youth from “cradle to career”



        how one nonprofit is helping communities increase funding and expand opportunities for high-quality ...
      



february 13, 2025
 article










  summer learning




a turning point for summer learning and a framework for the future




february 11, 2025
report










  arts education




building high-quality, sustainable youth arts programs



        prioritizing three evidence-based practices can help make afterschool arts programs successful 
      



february 10, 2025
 article








                   see more
                    



















explore wallacewe work with grantees, researchers, and others to promote equity and foster improvements in our focus areas. learn about our efforts.  











            a citywide system of afterschool programs lets nonprofits, government agencies, program providers, and others work in sync. result? better programming for more young people.
          





            afterschool
          
















            the arts foster captivation, empathy, and strengthened social bonds. arts organizations can introduce more people and communities to these and other gifts of the arts.  
          





            arts
          
















            every young person deserves to learn about and make art. schools and nonprofits can ensure that happens.     
          





            arts education
          
















            effective principals are essential to improving teaching and learning for all students. districts and states can draw on proven ways to cultivate high-quality school leadership. 
          





            school leadership
          
















            empathy. persistence. self-control. teamwork. these and other social-emotional skills help a child thrive. schools and afterschool programs can nurture them.   
          





            social and emotional learning
          
















            summer can become a time of opportunity for every child. programs that offer generous helpings of strong academics and enrichments are one way to make that happen.   
          





            summer learning
          


















      welcome to our library
    












              resources and findings
            

explore our collection of research-based ideas and practices. you'll find reports, articles, tools, videos, graphics, and podcasts. all of our resources are free and easy to download, copy, and share with others. 
  resources   


button



button

 










              personalize your experience
            

you can sign up to create a dashboard and save any resources you find on our site. the dashboard also lets you follow a topic to see new content as it's posted. you can use an email address or log in through facebook, google, or linkedin. 
  dashboard   


button



button

 










        on the radar
      

wallace president will miller describes how the foundation explores new areas of work where research and experience are both too sparse to provide much direction.   



              read about an arts initiative using this approach
              

















get the latest updates
 
sign up to receive our monthly email newsletter and news from wallace.




 form 






      submit
      





 










        join the conversation 
      

        follow us
        







              @wallacefdn
            

              recent report on pandemic learning loss shows slow recovery in many states. but early evidence suggests that #afterschool and #summerlearning can make a difference.  https://t.co/ps4gjvxyzy


              feb 14, 2025
            




              @wallacefdn
            

              “why have subscriptions failed for so many #theatres while the subscription model itself has expanded to everything from software to toilet paper?” @americantheatre dissects a wallace-funded report on #arts audience sustainability. https://t.co/floo7hhlrg


              feb 13, 2025
            




              @wallacefdn
            

              everything’s bigger in texas, including the ideas! read highlights from policymakers, ost leaders, and more folks who discuss the lone star state’s current and future plans for #ost. https://t.co/lhqqypv7qo


              feb 13, 2025
            
















        our mission is to help all communities build a more vibrant and just future by fostering advances in the arts, education leadership, and youth development.​
      




footer



      careers
    



      contact us
    



      press releases
    



      grantee/contractor portal login
    







        140 broadway, 49th floor  new york, ny 10005  directions phone: 212.251.9700 fax: 212.679.6990
      




social icons



































© 2025 wallace foundation



footer (copyright)



        accessibility
      



        privacy policy
      



        terms of use
      

















