


















genesis publications – home










 


your selected currency is 


£ british pound$ us dollarca$ canadian dollar 

 










valentines day offer | free shipping >>


new subscribers | 10% off your first order







 menu



search



sign in 0 items







products

books
prints
art editions
beatles editions
guitar editions
stones editions



about
authors and artiststhe story of your bookabout genesisnew customer discountmonthly payment plangift certificatescontact us

news
latest newscoming soon
 
my account

0 items
sign in 


 

















     rock visions rob roth rock visions: rock 'n' roll graphics from the print age - a stunning collection of memorabilia from 12 of the most legendary bands and artists of our times. published in a highly collectable limited edition of 500 numbered sets, each copy is individually signed by sir elton john and author rob roth.  from £495explore         night divides the day jim morrison, ray manzarek, john densmore, robby krieger created in celebration of the band’s upcoming 60th anniversary, night divides the day opens up the doors archives like never before. this is the ultimate account of the doors, their incredible story and their enduring legacy.  from £345explore         rebel music: bob marley & roots reggae (publisher's copies) kate simon rebel music is a tribute to one of the greatest legends in world music, bob marley, featuring over 400 photographs by kate simon and contributions from marley's peers and acclaimed musicians including lenny kravitz, keith richards, patti smith and many more.  £225explore         artist pass bowie, clapton, dylan, harrison, page and over 200 contributors celebrating 50 years of publishing, genesis is proud to present artist pass. from six decades of interview transcripts, printed manuscripts, and previously unpublished material, the genesis editors have dug deep into the publisher’s archives to produce a unique collection of essays from some of the biggest names in rock.  £425explore         csn&y henry diltz, graham nash, stephen stills and over 20 contributors introduced by graham nash and stephen stills, csn&y: love the one you're with is a celebration of the supergroup and its individual members, documented through 835 photographs by henry diltz and 58,000 words from 20 contributors.  from £325explore         in my own process bruce lee in partnership with the family of bruce lee, genesis is proud to present in my own process, the official book documenting the life and work of one of the most significant cultural icons of all time, bruce lee.   from £225explore         killer queen queen & mick rock the official signed limited edition by brian may, roger taylor, mary austin and mick rock, and featuring archived quotes from freddie mercury and john deacon.  from £695explore         t.o.t.a. '75 the rolling stones & christopher sykes published with the rolling stones, the band's official tour diary is now available in a new, celebratory binding. specially signed by ronnie wood, only 400 of these anniversary copies will ever be created.  from £345explore         thin wild mercury jerry schatzberg an award-winning look at bob dylan by former photographer for vogue and life magazines, jerry schatzberg, who was at the centre of new york's cultural whirlpool in the sixties.   from £295explore      

featured books






night divides the day
jim morrison, ray manzarek, john densmore, robby krieger
from £345







rock visions
rob roth
from £495







killer queen
queen & mick rock
from £695







t.o.t.a. '75
the rolling stones & christopher sykes
from £345





featured prints






night divides the day
jim morrison, ray manzarek, john densmore, robby krieger
£1495







the photograph portfolio 2024
ringo starr
from £1800







blinds & shutters
michael cooper
from £225







mike mccartney's early liverpool
mike mccartney
from £1800





coming soon
 


tony hawk



tony hawk
a collaboration between legendary skateboarder tony hawk and skate photographer j. grant brittain, genesis publications is delighted to announce our latest edition, offering a visual journey through tony hawk's life and career in skateboarding. more







  latest news        free shipping / genesis valentine's day offer         rebel music / celebrating bob marley's 80th birthday         words of love / remembering buddy holly: 65 years later         words of love / buddy holly on press + vinyl record contents revealed     



night divides the day
jim morrison, ray manzarek, john densmore, robby krieger
created in celebration of the band’s upcoming 60th anniversary, night divides the day opens up the doors archives like never before. this is the ultimate account of the doors, their incredible story and their enduring legacy.


from £345explore




book of the day





the story of your book
since 1974 genesis has created signed limited edition books on behalf of authors and artists ranging from the beatles to buckingham palace.
more




stay in touch
genesis news and special offers direct to your inbox.















for enquiries, please call
+44 (0)1483 540970
    
genesis house, 2 jenner road, guildford, surrey, gu1 3pl, england



products

books
prints



about

authors and artists
the story of your book
about genesis
new customer discount
monthly payment plan
gift certificates
contact us



news

latest news
coming soon
events




genesis publications © 2025
faqprivacy policy 
designed and built by redwing interactive








