




story & lee furniture | leoma, lawrenceburg tn and florence, athens, decatur, huntsville al

















skip to main content































search









location

come say hello!


story & lee furniture
2409 highway 43 sleoma, tn 38468
800.345.2511



get directions




sign in



cart


0






search





search
















location


view cart 0


sign in









big savings!!! ready for free delivery!!!click here























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







entertainment







outdoor







accents







office







kids







mattresses







shop all

sign up for our emails to stay informed about the latest deals, new releases, and exclusive updates we send directly to your inbox.sign up hereneed financing?click here
story & lee furniture - a leoma, lawrenceburg, columbia tn and florence, athens, decatur, huntsville al furniture storesince 1970, story & lee furniture and appliances has grown to become middle tennessee, north alabama, and eastern mississippi’s largest home furnishing's store. however, some customer shopping habits have changed. we now consider online retailers as our direct competitors. the reason you should choose story & lee over the online megamarts and national chains is because big purchases like furniture, mattresses, and appliances can be really daunting. with all the choices out there, it can be difficult to find the right fit for you. so shave some time off of your research process and go straight to the experts. we have a skilled team of no-pressure sales staff and dedicated designers. they’re here to provide guidance and answer questions like why choose solid wood furniture and how do you mix fabric and leather in your decor. and unlike the big box stores, our design service, shipping, and delivery are 100% free.**some restrictions apply


living room sets we love



 samba collection - 4-piece upholstered living room set  
 samba collection - 4-piece living room set  
 samba collection - 4-piece living room set  
 samba collection - 4-piece living room set  
 samba collection - 4-piece living room set  
 samba collection - 4-piece living room set  
 westend collection - stationary living room group  
 build your own 8000 series collection - stationary living room group  
 corissa collection - stationary living room group  
 bellingham collection - power living room set  





shop all

make it yours with trusted brandseveryone wants to make a unique and personal design statement with their decor. that’s why story & lee offers a wide range of upholstered products—at every price level—that are available in custom colors of fabric or leather. some of the high quality, customizable upholstery brands we carry include mayo, american leather, bernhardt, stressless, flexsteel, and southern motion. for a custom dining room, canadel can help you design a kitchen island or full dining set from the ground up. if you’re looking to design a bedroom or dining room that’s completely built-to-order following your specifications, choose customizable, solid wood amish furniture from palettes by winesburg.explore all your options!infinite custom fabric combinations to suit your style.learn morequality dining tablessince 1970.shop diningexplorecoffee tablessectionalsdining setssleeper sofasaccent chairstv stands


what's your style?









transitional







traditional







contemporary







casual







cottage







rustic







shop all

shop quality furniture locallystory & lee is proud to offer high end furniture and fabulous design expertise at a fraction of the price. our in-store interior designers can help with everything from measurement questions like how far should my sofa be from my tv to style questions like what’s your best traditional queen sized bed? with over 144,000 square feet of display space, story & lee stocks something for every design style and lifestyle. so what’s your decorating project? a mid century modern living room? outdoor patio furniture for year-round use? or something specific like a double pedestal desk, recliner, or big green egg grill. whatever your project, stop in to visit story & lee in the leoma, tn area.

















don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?




















story & lee furniture features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. story & lee furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to southern tennessee and northern alabama including the cities of leoma, lawrenceburg, columbia, spring hill, florence, athens, decatur, huntsville, and surrounding areas.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information
























     





