








cinoa – cinoa
















































 

login
donate






 




about

message from the president
code of ethics & charter
why buy/sell with a cinoa affiliated dealer
membership and support
contributions for lobbying, research and education


advocacy
members
dealers
friends
partners
fairs+
contact
 






















we are an international
confederation of 5000
leading art and antiques
dealers worldwide






brafa art fair 2022: © fabrice debatty








we are committed to preserving, protecting and promoting:
design | art | antiques






tefaf fair








membership in cinoa is based on standards
of quality, expertise
and integrity






the winter show-nyc






about cinoa


the beauty and cultural significance of art and antiques transcends borders.


at cinoa, we stand as guardians of this global heritage, protecting the industry from various challenges and threats including illicit trade, restrictive policies, and cultural property disputes.


since its founding in 1935, cinoa has advocated for fair trade practices, ethical conduct, and the preservation of cultural heritage. we collaborate with museums, cultural institutions, and governments to create a sustainable and responsible art market.


advocacy requires a voice, and there is a place for yours in the cinoa community, whatever your role in the industry. by signing petitions and participating in policy consultations, you can help shape the future of the art and antique trade.


cinoa members are held to standards of quality, expertise and integrity as underscored in the cinoa code of ethics. for more information, please see our about page.









art trade advocacy
learn more about our advocacy work.  discover »







friends of cinoa
help support our work.  donate »







art market facts
myths and realities of the art market.  read more »







members
over 5000 leading art and antiques dealers worldwide.  explore »




 

 




fairs + events
members
dealers
facts
advocacy
partners
faqs
about
contact
 

contact us





© 2025 cinoa. all rights reserved


terms of use
privacy policy
cookie policy
accessiblity
 





