

skymaps.com - publication quality sky maps & star charts











 


home |
services |
store |
downloads |
articles |
help





free* sky maps each month
for you to explore, learn and enjoy the night sky


 





sale • inventory of meade, coronado & orion equipment • sale
starting february 12th, high point scientific will sell the remaining inventory of meade, coronado and orion telescopesmost items will be offered between 40% to 60% off. be quick. first come first served.





skymaps.com/store -- recommended books & products for skywatchers



new books •
star atlases •
planispheres •
getting started •
observing guides •
telescope books •
kids books •
sky myths

almanacs •
history & artistry •
star map prints •
astrophotography •
telescopes & binoculars •
media •
astro calendars






free us shipping on amazon orders over $25. free two-day shipping with 
amazon prime (30-day free trial)
as an amazon & hps affiliate we earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you) from qualifying purchases











planispheres



 more planispheres 

all sky watchers need a planisphere to quickly show the location of stars and constellations for any date and time. note: planispheres are designed for specific latitudes so be sure to select one for your latitude.



the night sky planisphere
view detail
a popular and inexpensive 8-inch diameter, two-sided planisphere designed to depict the night sky with less distortion than regular planispheres. available for several latitudes, and in a smaller 5-inch edition.
more info

buy at amazon

1,100+ customer reviews

night sky editions
latitude 20° to 30° north
latitude 30° to 40° north
latitude 40° to 50° north
latitude 50° to 60° north
southern hemisphere




star maps/atlases



 more star maps/atlases 



deepmap 600folding star chart
(33 x 21 in)
full-color foldable star map of the night sky with clearly indicated positions of 600 of the finest celestial objects to view.
more info

buy at amazon

100+ customer reviews

 compare star atlases 

star maps for beginners
orion deepmap 600
bright star atlas 2000.0
norton's star atlas
the cambridge star atlas
the observer's sky atlas
pocket sky atlas
sky atlas 2000.0 deluxe
interstellarum deep sky atlas
uranometria 2000.0





help support
the evening sky map








thank you.





 

do you enjoy looking at the night sky?

stargazing is a wonderful pastime enjoyed by millions of people all around the world. anyone can join in. here's how...

find a dark area away from lights and with a good view of the night sky. after about 10 minutes your eyes will adapt to the dark and you will begin to see many stars. use a good pair of binoculars (no. 1 best seller at amazon.com) to see even more stars and other celestial objects.


the evening sky map

to help find your way around the night sky, skymaps.com makes available for free* each month the evening sky map -- a 2-page monthly guide to the night skies of the world -- northern and southern hemispheres, and the equatorial regions. each issue contains a detailed sky map, a monthly sky calendar, and a descriptive list of the best objects to see with binoculars, a telescope, or using just your eyes.







download the latest issue




the evening sky map is suitable for all stargazers including newcomers to astronomy. and, unlike other star charts on the web, the evening sky map will print clearly on any printer. (read what others are saying about the evening sky map.)

the evening sky map is ready-to-use and will help you to:

identify planets, stars and major constellations
find sparkling star clusters, wispy nebulae & distant galaxies
locate and follow bright comets across the sky
learn about the night sky and astronomy


download now -- and discover the universe you live in!

non-commercial educational use
skymaps.com encourages astronomy education groups and individual users to freely distribute printed handouts of the evening sky map for non-commercial educational use. written permission is not required provided distributors comply with the terms of use. however, any use of a commercial nature, including publication of the evening sky map, requires the prior written permission of the copyright owner for which a copyright permission form must be submitted.

skymaps.com store
want to learn more about the night sky? perhaps you are looking for a set of fine star charts or wish to learn more about the amazing celestial objects you can see from your own backyard. or maybe you simply want a great beginner's guide.

whatever your interest the  interest, the skymaps.com store has something for everyone. the store includes only the best astronomy books and products -- most at discount prices. many of the books have received excellent reviews in astronomy magazines, but, more importantly, all the books and products are highly rated by skywatchers like you.

about skymaps.com
at skymaps.com we create quality, digital sky maps (star charts) for publication, education and other commercial applications. choose from existing designs or request custom-made maps to meet your specific requirements. learn more...

 follow skymaps on bluesky. be notified of monthly sky map releases and upcoming celestial events.

* free for personal non-commercial use. make and distribute up to 300 printed handouts of the evening sky map each month without written permission (subject to terms of use). submit a copyright permission form if the intended use involves publication or commercial use.






 



low-costsmart telescope




• simply amazing •
best seller


zwo seestar s50smart imaging telescope
a revolutionary low-cost all-in-one smart telescope that is easy to use. nothing further to buy -- this amazing telescope automatically finds and takes images of deep sky objects -- even from light-polluted suburban skies -- and displays the image in real-time on your smart device (phone or tablet). includes a carbon fiber tripod, carry case and a solar filter! full details on the high point scientific website.
• only $449 •
buy at amazon
or
buy at high point

500+ customer reviews





sky myths



more sky myth books

look inside ↧  

what we see in the stars
a richly illustrated guide to the myths, histories, and science of the celestial bodies of our solar system, with stories and information about constellations, planets, comets, the northern lights, and more.
more info
• save 30-40% •
buy at amazon

1,400+ customer reviews




history & artistry



more history & artistry books


look inside ↧  

the sky atlas
a treasure chest of the most beautiful maps and charts ever created to map the skies above us.
more info
• save 20-30% •
buy at amazon

800+ customer reviews









copyright - terms of use - privacy policy - contact us

copyright © 2000-2024 kym thalassoudis. all rights reserved.







