



sci-fi science











sci-fi science
the real science behind sci-fi and fantasy







home



science


dr whocontact








welcome to  sci-fi science


as a professional scientist with a phd in science and who loves science fiction and fantasy, i thought it would be a great idea to explore the true science behind  sci-fi and fantasy, to explore what could really be possible and what is most likely never possible. why have i done this? there are two reasons, the first is because it was science fiction that sparked my interest in science. it was science fiction that, as child, made me wonder if it really was possible to travel to other worlds in space ships, to travel in time and to meet alien lifeforms. mankind has made such impressive leaps in technology, what could happen in the next 20, 50, 100, 500 or more years?. then there's fantasy, swords and sorcery, and it's amazing how many people do not understand the difference. 



science of science fiction

when watching or reading science fiction, there several common themes that repeatedly turn up. for example space travel at faster than light speeds or meeting aliens, either good or bad. these common themes are explored here and assessed whether they could ever been technically possible. for example, it may be beyond our technological capability, but not beyond our scientific understanding. that means we would have no idea how to do it, by also cannot see any scientific reason why it should not be possible.


doctor who

the longest running science fiction tv show in the world is dr who. the story of an alien, a timelord, who travels the universe of space and time in his time machine. he is a force for good and does not use a gun! the science of dr who warrents it's own dedicated page.







frequently asked questions

i get asked a lot of questions from the readers and i have collected them all here, both the serious questions and the not so serious questions,. enjoy ...
 
 
contact us

i am always delighted to hear from my readers, som please do not hesitate to get in touch if you have any questions that have not been covered in the faq or if i can help in any way.  




 

 






time travel 



warp drive 





aliens 





crystal power



teleportation





wormholes





immortality





shields



weapons













 






copyright © 2016 scifiscience.co.uk. all rights reserved.




