



welcome to great lakes border collie rescue













 
welcome to great lakes border collie rescue  
serving the great lakes region
 



      we are currently accepting adoption applications.  please read our application approval process with the understanding that home visits and meet-and-greets will be handled using covid-19 safety protocols. all parties are required to wear masks over nose and mouth, maintain 6 ft. distance, and meet outdoors when possible. we are committed to continuing our mission of rescuing and re-homing border collies while keeping everyone as safe as possible. thank you for understanding!
the volunteers and good dogs of great lakes border collie rescue
     
 donate here! looking for another way to help? check out our  on-line donations page!

            have you adopted a dog from glbcr? we would love to receive an update. email us  with stories and pictures of your glbcr alumni.








glbcr alumni 



 



glbcr alumni




 the great lakes border collie rescue mission:

rescue, retrain and rehome border collies who have come into our care
provide breed-specific training and care information 
promote responsible pet guardianship through education. 
  
dogs available for adoption


about us 
about border collies 
adoptable dogs
adoption process 
donate
volunteer!

resources
happy tails 
border collie humor
thinking of giving up your border collie? 
shelter requests 






picnic photos:
 rescue picnic 2013 
 rescue picnic 2012 
 rescue picnic 2011 
 rescue picnic 2010 
 rescue picnic 2009 
rescue picnic 2008 
 rescue picnic 2006 
 rescue picnic 2005 
rescue picnic 2004
 

 



so you think you want a border collie?


please read this information first
how kids and pets should not interact
how kids and pets should interact
5 common mistakes adopters make when first bringing home a newly adopted dog



do you have room in your home and in your heart? glbcr is always looking for foster homes.  we have a large support group in place and are happy to answer any questions you might have. remember how happy you were when you adopted your dog? here's your chance to share that happiness. just click on the link  that says "volunteer."  we look forward to hearing from you! 












 








glbcr is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. 




copyright © 2005-2013 great lakes border collie rescue. 
  all rights reserved. 



 


