


no 1 title seller






























 
 
your premier destination for noble titles






 

more_horiz










0





cart is empty



view cart


checkout














orders
comparison list
wish list 




track my order(s)

track my order(s)







sign inregister










e-mail



passwordforgot your password?



register for a new account



sign in


remember me




































 














 

menuhomeroyal uk titles including original deeds 
1. royal uk lord/lady titles includes original deeds -150+ years old2. royal uk baron/baroness titles includes original deeds -150+ years old

prince/princess titles 
1. prince/princess - from £30,000 - (all your children become princes & princesses) founded 1793

scottish + welsh titles 
1. scottish titles2. wales - welsh titles

italian + french titles 
1. italian titles (counts were addressed as prince)                                                                          2. french titles from £9,000

rare titles 
1. international titles £30,000+ 2. knights templar nobility titles £5,000+3. rare 'robert de bruce' titles4. 2 x rare elizabeth i titles - over 423 years old original deeds - from £14,950

company 
advantagesfaqprivacy policysign upabout usa brief history of english titlessecrets of being titledwhat the title holder getshow to avoid being ripped off!contactterms of tradingtypes of titles available from £1,895


9/9









 









                                in stock


 














hrh - prince & princess - 'court of nobility' (1793) £30,000 = $40,200 = €35,700  - prince/princess (your name) de ordo nobilitatis - all your children become princes & princesses. hrh







£30,000.00





add to cart
















 














56 original deeds - royal lord & lady of headington oxfordshire (once held by 7 kings & 1 queens) = $25,200 (includes 56 original antique deeds dating back to the georgian era)







£20,000.00





add to cart
















 














lord & lady of ubley or tumbeli- somerset $2,240 (includes 1 original antique deed) (recorded in the doomsday book 1086 as tumbeli) dates back to 959







£1,950.00





add to cart
















 














39 original deeds - royal baron & baroness of whittlesey (st. mary) - cambridgeshire = $12,600 once held by 3 kings & 2 queens







£10,000.00





add to cart

























 
 

titles for sale click below
stand out from the crowd - guaranteed by insurance for £250,000 = $300,000 per title - est 1996 (28 years) any nationality  can buy - processed through court & lawyerspay in 3, 6 or 10 installmentsspecial offer french count & countess £10,000professionally publicize 'your new title' - with 'web domination' founded 1998baron & baroness from £3,000 uk-lords & ladies under £2,000uk-lords & ladies £2k - £20kuk & ireland £9k - £30k'court of nobility' (originally founded 1793) register of titles + membership organizationshop & regaliawhat you receive?royal uk titles including original deeds
1. royal uk lord/lady titles includes original deeds -150+ years old2. royal uk baron/baroness titles includes original deeds -150+ years old
prince/princess titles
1. prince/princess - from £30,000 - (all your children become princes & princesses) founded 1793
scottish + welsh titles
1. scottish titles2. wales - welsh titles
italian + french titles
1. italian titles (counts were addressed as prince)                                                                          2. french titles from £9,000
rare titles
1. international titles £30,000+ 2. knights templar nobility titles £5,000+3. rare 'robert de bruce' titles4. 2 x rare elizabeth i titles - over 423 years old original deeds - from £14,950










"stand out from the crowd" all titles registered at the 'court of nobility' (originally founded 1793) and include title i.d card - see below example:






all titles sold here qualify the purchaser for membership to 'the court of nobility' founded 1793 and entry to the "international noble title registry" the 'court of nobility' is the only organisation that supplies information to his majesty's government departments of new owners of manorial/feudal titles in the uk for registration purposes since 1889, therefore the correct uk ministry department will be notified that you are the new owner of the title. such information is neccessary for security clearance should you attend any event with royal presence.
video in english 
video in french 
 as seen on tv
celebrating 28 years in business 
you only buy a title once, so buy the best from the only company with "insured titles"! each 'title' insured for £250,000 = $300,000+want to ask a question? -whatsapp- click & chat


star badge small 4cm x 4cm  £165 

free 'coat of arms' with every title purchased. are you wondering which titles are real, which are fake?answer: if they are not insured they are 99% fake. other companies don't qualify for insurance because they don't sell real titles.
all our titles are inheritable heirlooms for you and your descendants to enjoy.titles, are they legal?-click video



  

 




 



warning why titles with plots of land are fake
 




seated titles (no such thing by law)
"many websites sell "seated titles" (a title with a plot of land) whilst this sounds legal they are in fact all fake. what they are actually selling is a name change and a souvenir plot of land".

 



 





        
lordships from £1,695 - baronies from £1,800 - princes from £22k we sell lords & lady, baron & baroness, count & countess, marquis & marchioness, duke & duchess and prince & princess.

social status -titled people experience a higher status of respectability
good for business - a title opens doors of opportunity for business
financial advantage - banks and financier’s credit score titled people high
service - as a titled person you will notice a better service and attitude to you
standard of living - once experienced being titled you will never look back


 



guaranteed acceptance



"stand out from the crowd in 2024" why buy a genuine title from us?

real titles are great for business and personal life as they declare to the world that you are someone of status. (a ‘somebody’ as opposed to a nobody)
in life we show the world that we are successful by where we live, the car we drive, the clothes we wear, the cell phone we use. a real title tells the world that you are upper class not a commoner. it’s on your bank cards. people will see it daily.
creates respect, admiration and puts your ‘self-esteem’ into the clouds, making you feel special every day. no matter what your age, it’s never too late. you deserve it for yourself and your family.
no one considers you bought the title. they think you inherited it from your family. they believe you come from high society. they feel you are like royalty an aristocrat, therefore allow them to think, believe and feel you are from a successful family of breeding. ‘noble class’ or ‘nobility’.
be a ‘somebody’ stand out from the crowd.





titles wanted (sell your title here):
(no sale no fee) "world's largest title seller and experts" 'data suggest that a title affects human interactions in a positive way'. 


french principality video




 



 



  




all our titles are 100% legal for any nationality to buy.


conforms with: "honours (prevention of abuses) act, 1925" (therefore all our titles are 100% legal genuine inheritable titles)
all our titles qualify the buyer to join "court of nobility". every title is vetted and researched to ensure it is genuine before we offer it for sale. nobility.co.uk are "heritage researchers and purveyors of titles, with over 28 years of experience in genealogical research, we buy and sell genuine titles (proof of ownership is required). our researchers are members of the society of genealogists.



lord (lordships) lady
baron (barony) baroness
laird (scottish lord) lady

titles 'hundreds of years old' recorded in english history books, including titles once held by kings & queens of england & titles held by knights templars & hospitallers.
the manorial feudal title system started in england in 1066 with the invasion from france by william the conqueror in the “battle of hastings”. in 1086 an audit was made called the ‘doomsday book’ cataloguing who owned what and where, this was for tax reasons.
the feudal system was originally a form of governing and tax collecting, where the “vills” (villagers) paid tax to their lord of the manor, who kept some and paid some to the baron (principal lordship) who kept some and paid some to the king. feudal means ‘based on land ownership’. with the industrial revolution villagers came off the land to get higher paid jobs, this resulted in the breakdown of the feudal system forcing lords and barons to pay for work carried out by their subsistence farmers, whereas before they had to do work for the lords or barons for free and pay them tax.
with the advent of the motor car and the necessity for more roads, the uk government reformed the rights that lords and barons had over the land and introduced the law of property act 1925, which introduced the land registry. in the same year there was a precedent court case beaumont v jeffreys where land was sold and the seller kept the lordship title, a judge ruled this was legal, after which the law of property act was amended ruling all manorial feudal titles separate from the land itself, therefore all titles since 1925 have been separate from the land itself. you can buy the title without owning the land. there are companies selling “landed titles”, these are (under the laws of england and wales) “fake”, they are souvenir land plots (we do not sell them).
we were one of the first companies to use the internet as a source of information for potential customers and after many years of trading have built up an enviable reputation. many of our customers stay in touch with us and some have even become friends. we will be very happy to assist you with our experienced and confidential service'.
titles make excellent unusual presents: birthday, christmas and anniversary presents "for the person that has everything".


how to become a lord
how to become a lord of the manor is simple, just choose your title from our list available, click and purchase within minutes. even if you do not have a bank card you can purchase through fast bank transfer. secure online credit / debit card transactions.


any questions? call now :
london office : + 44 (0) 203 868 1060
whatsapp : + 44 74 1839 7741
email : sales@nobility.co.uk 
© copyright all rights reserved noble titles 1996-2024







 

stand out from the crowd






explore nobility.co.uk, world’s no1 for all real titles of nobility. heritage is our passion. we have been selling titles and conducting genealogical research for more than 28 years and we strictly adhere to the preservation of ‘real & genuine titles’. all of the titles offered in our catalogue are backed up by indemnity insurance for £250,000 = $300,000 per title, transferred through ‘manorial courts presided over by uk solicitors’ confirmed authentic by ‘lawyer’s letter’ from the ‘court of nobility’ (originally founded 1793) that confirm its ownership; moreover, every title has a rich history. at nobility.co.uk, history is precious to us and so is offering you the best genuine titles for you and your family to enjoy.
            





faq


we've answered a few of the more common questions asked about our titles below.



q: how much will it cost me?a: prices start from £1,500 and thereafter increase depending on the actual manor name, age and available history. there is no other fees to paid. the transfer of ownership is a
                            conveyancing process using a "title deed assignment document".
                        



q: are our titles officially recognised?a: lordships of the manor, or the rights to use a styled titled name or legend are legally recognised in law under the law of property act 1925.
                        




q: what is the correct form of address?

                            a: once you have acquired your english manor title, the correct form of address for the  fictional town of nobletown is: "arthur john smith, lord of the manor of nobletown" whilst this is to be used
                            for legal purposes,  the credit card companies will replace "mr" with "lord", this practice is permitted providing that the use of the 'styled titled name' is not to be used to purport to be a peer of the realm, or to deceive
                            in any way. we do not purport to sell peerages or titles of dignity. this conforms with "right to peaceful enjoyment of possession", as laid down by the substantive law of the european convention of human rights: first protocol -
                            article 1.
                        



q: what property is associated with the titles?a: in technical terms - "incorporeal hereditaments, and a right, privilege". the term "manor" includes a bygone lordship, and reputed manor or lordship. corporeal
                            property is tangible items of property, such as land and buildings, incorporeal property is intangible, like fishing rights, or right of access on land you do not own, or rights to a styled titled name - 'lordships of the manor'.
                        



q: what rights come with this title?
                            a: only the right to use the styled titled name unless otherwise stated.
                        


q: can our titles be mentioned on passports/driving licences?

                            a: united kingdom, united states of america, most european countries, and most commonwealth countries are able to add these titles to their passport and driving licence. some countries like australia forbid all titles. in this
                            instance citizens can use their rights of identity under international law to have an observation added to their passport & driving licence that they are "also known as ******** lord of the manor of *****" or alias. additional legal
                            documentation can be provided to support the title this way.
                        



q: are lord of the manor titles inheritable?
                            a:yes, they can be left to whoever you wish.
                        



q: i am a national of india, poland, nigeria, chile etc., can i purchase a lord of the manor title?
                            a: yes, it can be purchased by an individual of any nationality.
                        



q: does my wife get a title?
                            a: yes, your wife will become lady of the manor, or any women that you nominate as lady.
                        



q: do my children get a title?
                            a: no.
                        



q: does my partner get a title?
                            a: yes, you can appoint your partner with the respective lady (if you are the lord) or lord (if you are the lady) title.
                        



q: will i be entitled to sit in the house of lords?
                            a: no, these are historical titles and not the same as those bestowed by present day government /royalty.




q: what type of insurance is in place?
                            a: company indemnity
                        
                         insurance.
                    
if the question you'd like answered isn't here please nobletitles@outlook.com or call anytime: 
+ 44 (0) 203 868 1060













 
 


bottom my account




sign in
create account
orders
wish list
comparison list






shop




sitemapabout us






contact us




any questions? call now :
london office : + 44 (0) 203 868 1060
whatsapp : + 44 74 1839 7741
sales@nobility.co.uk
telegram : noble titles
signal : noble titles








 
 





 

    © copyright all rights reserved noble titles 1996-2025































