







 | citizens for tax justice - working for a fair and sustainable tax system


citizens for tax justice – working toward a fair and sustainable tax system

























toggle navigation



















search for:




 
why we fight for tax justice
get involved
resources
donate
contact us
 
















we believe tax justice is linked to economic, social, racial, gender and climate justice.
read more.











stay informed!get our latest blogs and action opportunities delivered to your inbox.

















ctj email sign-ups


ctj newsletter
 
















take action for tax justice
we have a once in a generation opportunity to reverse decades of tax policy that has steered more wealth to the top, widened inequality and deprived our country and communities of the resources needed to build a strong foundation for the future. together, we can make our voices heard and secure more equitable tax policy that raises the resources we need to invest in our communities. find resources to learn more about the current debate and connect to mobilization efforts underway to help win the fight for tax justice!












resources

access resources for tax policy news and advocacy efforts. 













mobilize

together, working people can stand up to special interests and demand a fair, sustainable tax system.













we can move toward tax justice in this country. to name just a few wins since 2022, we enacted the corporate minimum tax nationally, massachusetts voters ratified a surcharge on millionaires, and the washington state supreme court ruled their capital gains income tax constitutional. this means funding to slow climate change, money to improve schools, and revenue to improve roads and bridges. the tide is turning and citizens for tax justice is making it happen. 
- amy hanauer, executive director








about citizens for tax justice
citizens for tax justice advocates for federal, state, and local taxes that ensure the rich and corporations pay their fair share. this will make for stronger communities, a fairer economy, and more opportunity for all. bringing unique insights to the tax debate and supporting the work of coalition partners, ctj reinforces with lawmakers and the general public that 40-years of trickle-down economics has not worked for the average american, and we can no longer let the rich and corporations off the hook for paying their fair share. 


contact us
we want to hear from you!
1200 18th street, nw, suite 675, 
                    washington, dc  20036
phone: 202-299-1066
fax: 202-299-1065
e-mail: info@ctj.org
media inquires can be directed to: media@ctj.org












about ctj
board
visit our research partner, itep
contact us
archive
 

copyright 2018 ctj citizens for tax justice. all rights reserved.






