

border collies and golden retrievers













border collie breeder and golden retriever breeder in the uk. border 
collie and golden retreiver puppies bred for temperament, health, working ability, 
type, conformation and character. our border collies and golden retrievers are 
hip scored, eye tested and healthy with outstanding temperaments, excellent confromation 
and strong working abilities. our border collie puppies are health checked, eye 
tested and hearing tested, our golden retriever puppies are health checked and 
eye tested. all our puppies wether border collies or golden retrievers are carefully 
raised in our home, with their mother in a clean, safe and stimulating environment 
with unlimited access to human and canine company. our border collie and golden 
retreiever puppies are all throroughly wormed both in utero and throough puppyhood, 
tattooed and registered with the ndtr, national dog tattoo, health checked with 
all the recommended procedures for their breed, registered with the kennel club 
(of great britian) and provided with 6 weeks free pet insurance with one of the 
countries leading dog and general canine insurance groups. our puppies, border 
collie or golden retrievers go to their new homes no earlier than 8 weeks and 
take with them their pedigree, puppy starter pack of food, diet sheet, worming 
certificare, advice sheets, copies of their parents hip score certifiactes and 
eye certificates and copies of their own litter screening eye certificate. we 
are always available to offer help and ongoing support to our puppies and their 
families for all of their lives and will always take back any dog or puppy that 
we have bred regardless of age or health should changes circumstances mean that 
they cannot be kept. we are members of the border collie club of great britian 
and the golden retriever club as well as members of the british institute of professional 
dog trainers. 
if you are viewing this page it is because you browser does not support frames 
  and the mastamariner web site uses frames for navigation, but don't worry click 
  on the link below to go directly to our home page and simply use the links at 
  the bottom of each page to navigate around the site. 
 click here for frame free navigation


