










home - walnut creek chamber of commerce & visitors bureau






















































 
 



















skip to content














 
join todaycalendarebwc 2025











facebook





linkedin





instagram











































menu 
membership join today member benefits ribbon cuttings member login member directoryprograms signature events leadership contra costa walnut creek wellness alliance calendarpeople board of directors staff ambassadorspolicy civic affairs policy platform east bay jobs pacabout purpose start up guide resources & faqs foundation premier investor circle contact us








 















 
welcome to the walnut creek chamber of commerce & visitors bureau 


 
learn more about the chamber!join us at our next chamber orientation meeting to learn all about what the walnut creek chamber of commerce is, what we do, and how you can get involved in the chamber.


orientation sign-up


 


 
learn & leadleadership contra costa℠ is a nine-month program that brings together community members asking them to step out of their everyday lives, participate in monthly topics in a wide-range of subjects, and imagine a better contra costa region – and their role in creating it.


 learn more


 






























the walnut creek chamber of commerce & visitor bureau attracts, supports and grows business in the walnut creek region through advocacy, and inclusive economic and business development.












					directory				








					events				








					about				








					jobs				








					login				








					business start up guide				























upcoming events











view all events


































about the chamber
















 
who we are 
the walnut creek chamber of commerce attracts supports and grows business in the walnut creek region through advocacy, and inclusive economic and business development. we are powered by our membership that represents the range within the walnut creek business community.


about us


 














 
ebwc 
we host a variety of events and programs throughout the year – coming up is our 20th annual east bay women's conference in march 2025! learn more about it here.


explore event


 














 
42nd annual art and wine festival 
the annual kick-off to the summer festival returns may 31st and june 1st, 2025 for the first year at civic park in downtown walnut creek!


explore event


 














 
civic affairs 
the walnut creek chamber keeps you informed on important issues impacting your business and the community – keeping you ahead of the curve. one way we do this is by discussing important community issues at our monthly civic affairs forums.


learn more


 



















become a member
becoming a member of the walnut creek chamber of commerce is a great investment in yourself and your business.
membership provides the following and so much more!


exposure for your business in the walnut creek community.


access to our business links groups.


free admission to monthly business & social hour events.









join today










 












© 2025 walnut creek chamber of commerce & visitors bureau
 | 
site by growthzone
















































get in touch













(925) 934-2007 














1280 civic drive, suite 100, walnut creek ca 94596 














email us 










quick links









about us
join the chamber


calendar
member directory


visitor information
member login



privacy policy









socialize









facebook





linkedin





instagram




















subscribe to our newsletter 





















 © 2025 walnut creek chamber of commerce & visitors bureau.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















