



the liz library | women's law and research | mothers' rights, women's history, family law, politics, children's issues, education, religion, and psychology




























surrogacy in america: the new stealth oppression of women, and the hypocrisy of the left

      * * *       

are you in a bad  
custody evaluation? when you should just walk out.




















































 
 
  









            

   












  













contact


thelizlibrary.org












 






     








liz on radio: 
fatherlessness  

 




 





  











 



© 1996-2021 
argate.net
frcp
child custody forensics.
who is a "mother"?
bad custody evaluation
worse custody evaluation
liznotes
parental alienation
adoption abuses
mmpi-2
mothers' rights
parenting coordination
research
psychology in family court
url
warren farrell
gestational surrogacy research
egg donation
mothers' rights and the law
gender

















this website contains information, research, scholarship, and arguments pertaining to public policy and 
legal issues, much of it gathered by attorney and academic work groups in different jurisdictions. 
it is not intended to reflect specifics of actual laws, substantive or procedural, currently in force 
in any jurisdiction. 
the information is intended for use by scholars, lawyers, and activists, and is 
not presented as legal advice. 


child custody issues are interconnected with issues of maternity, pregnancy, primary caregiving, 
parental alienation, child development (education and attachment issues), father's rights, and other 
family law issues, as well 
as those involving forensic psychologists, guardians ad litem (gals) and 
other mental health professionals in the family court system, so check related sections in the site index, 
including those on psychology for relevant material. 

the liznotes index on family law has 
links to recommended off-site as well as on-site articles.  


there are extensive pages on this site on women's history, suffrage, women's rights documents 
from the first wave of feminism, 
 gender, 
and women's military history. in the sections on research and psychology, the guardians ad litem; 
parenting coordinators; 
custody evaluators, information 
involves the various forms adr (alternate dispute resolution) practiced by 
forensic psychologists (child custody evaluators), parenting coordinators, collaborative lawyers, 
parenting evaluators, recommending mediators, special masters, court-ordered therapists, court-appointed mental health professionals, 
supervised visitation centers, and other profiteers of "therapeutic jurisprudence", whose methods involve  
intrusion and coercion under the threat of court sanctions, and actual or de facto extra-judicial 
decision-making. 
this website heavily criticizes these practices, which have multiple things wrong with them, not the least of which is denigration of justice, 
and the diminution of a publicly observable, regulated, and appealable "rule by law" by 
substituting caprice for evidence and due process. website sponsored by the law 
offices of elizabeth j. kates, macci & kates, and argate.net. 
urls 





