






explore eleuthera - the island of freedom in the bahamas
























 eleuthera








menu






resorts hotels


vacation rentals


how to get here


rental cars


maps

north map
north central map
central map
south map
satellite map
bahamas map



things to do


reviews


weather


tide tables


about eleuthera


restaurants


photo galleries


videos

video tour of eleuthera bahamas
surfing video from surfer's beach
gringo's video tour of eleuthera 
drone video glass window bridge



faq


news










eleuthera bahamas - island of freedom





all about eleuthera

why vacation on eleuthera
traveling to eleuthera
how to explore the island
attractions & activities on eleuthera
where to stay & accommodations
where to eat on eleuthera
weather forecast



why vacation on eleuthera?
eleuthera is the perfect secluded getaway. the word “eleuthera” comes from the greek language and means “freedom.” it is an excellent descscription for how it feels to visit this  long and skinny 100 mile long island. despite its size, it remains relatively unknown to travelers. it is a perfect destination for those seeking a secluded and peaceful vacation. eleuthera features crystal clear waters and a laid-back atmosphere perfect for relaxation. our maps of eleuthera will take you to many of the “must-see” locations.
the history of eleuthera bahamas dates back to the 1600s. the island has a rich bounty of places to explore from its small towns, harbors, and scenic views to its many “picture-perfect beaches.” visiting this island will make you feel like you stepped back in time!
eleuthera has a variety of landscapes ranging from old bahamian architecture to magnificent beach fronts featuring pink sands and turquoise waters. there are plenty of opportunities for outdoor activities such as snorkeling, kayaking, fishing, and hiking. look at our photo galleries of eleuthera to see what makes this island in the bahamas so unique. whether you are looking for adventure, relaxation, or some of the best beaches in the bahamas, eleuthera has something for everyone.





              eleuthera
            





traveling to eleuthera bahamas
eleuthera is one of the family islands in the bahamas located approximately 230 miles east of the southern tip of florida and 50 miles east of nassau. the eastern shore is the atlantic ocean and the western shore looks towards the great bahama bank. just east of the northern end of the island is harbour island, famous for its pink sand beach.
getting to eleuthera is usually done by air. the island has three airports: north eleuthera airport, governor's harbour airport, and rock sound international airport. flights from major cities like miami, fort lauderdale, and nassau are available. once on the island, renting a car is the best way to get around and explore all that eleuthera has to offer. taxis and private drivers are also available but can be more expensive.
we provide many resources for travel and transportation to eleuthera bahamas including current flight status for arrival and departures for these airports and nassau, bahamas.





              map of bahamas
            





how to explore the island
fasten your seatbelts! renting a car is the primary mode of transportation for exploring the island. bicycles, golf carts, and other means are not practical for driving on queen's highway, the main road on the island. rental cars give you the freedom to visit the stores, dine out, shop at the gift shops, and explore.
there are plenty of car rental companies to do business with. the people are usually friendly and the island is not too hard to navigate if you have a map. for a list of rental companies and other important tips, visit our information page for renting a car on eleuthera.





              glass window bridge
            





attractions & activities on eleuthera
eleuthera is a hidden gem with plenty of attractions and activities to keep you entertained. some of the top must-see spots include the glass window bridge in north eleuthera, which offers stunning views of the atlantic ocean and caribbean sea, and the queen's baths, a natural pool surrounded by rocks. visitors can also explore the island's many beaches, including the pink sand beaches of harbour island. other popular activities include snorkeling, diving, fishing, and exploring the island's many historic sites and landmarks.
there is more than one can see in one day and more than most can do in one trip. it pays to plan your trip!
take a look at some of the many interesting places on our page for things to do. many more places can be found on our interactive satellite map under the category “points of interest.”





              poponi beach
            





where to stay & accommodations
there are many options for accommodations. there are resorts and hotels along with an array of vacation home rentals located along or near the many picturesque beaches. less expensive vacation rentals can be found around towns and the hillsides overlooking the ocean. regardless of where you stay, you are never far from the beaches on either side of eleuthera island.





          	  view from vacation rental
          	





where to eat on eleuthera
restaurants offer a variety of menus from bahamian-style local fare to finer dining. menu items range from fresh fish to steak to lobster to pizza. almost everywhere on the island is casual bahamian style. “takeout” from the small local restaurants is a popular option too. take a look at our restaurants page for a directory list of eateries and their locations. 





              fresh fish dinner
            





weather forecast
eleuthera weather is typically excellent in season. weather may vary depending on where you are on the island. high temperatures are mid-70s to 80s, and lows are mid-60s to 70s. there is less than 4 inches of rainfall in prime season. ocean breezes are more dominant on the east coast where there is typically more surf. in addition to our current weather data, we have current tide table charts and lunar times. the weather is always subject to change in eleuthera the bahamas so it pays to look at the latest weather reports before venturing out.





              governors harbour
            



see for yourself why eleuthera bahamas is one of the top-rated vacation islands on the planet! tour our unique photo galleries and interactive satellite map. this island is way beyond cool -- just ask lenny kravitz!






features

resorts & hotels
vacation rentals
restaurants guide
rental cars
photo galleries



resources

faq
air travel info
current weather
satellite map



nearby islands

harbour island
abaco
exuma



about

contact
terms of use



website design & photographyby perry joseph© 2004-2025 datafile, inc.








