



































































roanoke times | breaking news | roanoke.com | read roanoke, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on virginia sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















50°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



state



education



politics



nation & world



business



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



virginia tech



uva



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion 



people



pets



travel



faith



contests



puzzles



comics



play




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



roanoke archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated-commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









50°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            roanoke schools to explore possible third high school

to address overcrowding at roanoke’s two current high schools, school board documents recommend exploring the possibility of building a new high school.

















        
        
            blacksburg mayor: 'we don't get to choose who is choosing us'

the growth of virginia tech continues to cause pressure and drive difficult decisions, leslie hager-smith writes.

















        
        
            slice of life: benny marconi's collaborates with local artists for new decor

the wooden pizza paddles, painted by a variety of local artists, are on display in benny marconi's restaurant in downtown roanoke. 

















        
        
            home and garden show marks 15th year in roanoke

the annual event drew people curious about home and yard improvements and the vendors there to pitch their services.

















        
        
            reminder: no print edition for monday, presidents day

editor’s note 

















        
        
            uva men win at virginia tech for 1st time since 2020

isaac mckneely had 22 points and six 3-pointers.

















        
        
            mcclary reaches 1,000-point mark in maroons' upset win over no. 4 hampden-sydney

joshua mcclary was crucial during a 13-0 run that put the maroons ahead for good.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            blacksburg mayor: 'we don't get to choose who is choosing us'


















        
        
            update: wind advisory affecting virginia until early monday evening


















        
        
            update: flood warning previously issued will expire at 10 a.m.















                
                the latest


















        
        
            update: prepare for winds in virginia until sunday afternoon

the national weather service issued an updated weather alert at 11:26 a.m. on sunday for winds until 2:30 p.m. the alert is for the roanoke area as well as tazewell, smyth, bland, giles, wythe, pulaski, montgomery, grayson, carroll, floyd, craig, alleghany, bath, botetourt, rockbridge, patri…





















        
        
            photos:greater roanoke home and garden show at the berglund center











        
        
            high wind warning for virginia until early monday evening

on sunday at 3 a.m. a high wind warning was issued by the national weather service valid from noon until monday 4 p.m. the warning is for the roanoke area as well as montgomery, grayson, carroll, floyd, botetourt, rockbridge, patrick, franklin, bedford and amherst counties. 




















        
        
            names and changes: business recognitions and promotions for the week of feb. 16, 2025

education 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            benny's pizza highlights local artists work on pizza peels




















        
        
            roanoke upsets no. 4 hampden-sydney




















        
        
            ron sanchez discusses defending tobi lawal




















        
        
            angels of assisi home and garden show












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            in the region: vmi basketball wins at mercer

plus more basketball, softball and wrestling.





















        
        
            roanoke upsets no. 4 hampden-sydney

roanoke holds on over the final seconds to defeat no. 4 hampden-sydney, 81-72, on saturday inside the cregger center. 




















        
        
            in the region: tech's lemley pitches 2nd perfect game

plus more softball, baseball and basketball.




















        
        
            core of virginia baseball's roster fueled for 2025 by painful recent exits from omaha

the veteran core of virginia baseball's roster is fueled for the 2025 season by the cavaliers' painful losses at the college world series in recent years.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            11 best clean protein powders

affiliate content. find the perfect protein for your lifestyle! discover the 11 best clean protein powders for optimal nutrition and performance.




















        
        
            kids who read succeed

content by elevate early education. kids who read succeed.












contributor








        
        
            investing in mental wealth: 11 ways business owners can support employees

contributor content. a new year provides a fresh opportunity for business owners to reflect on their role in supporting their workforce's mental health and overall well-being.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            long & foster - company



                                        3906 electric rd sw, roanoke, va 24018
                                    






















        
        
            old dominion veterinary clinic



                                        47 boone dr, troutville, va 24175
                                    






















        
        
            roanoke plastic surgery



                                        1118 first st sw, roanoke, va 24016
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        roanoke.com, 210 church ave. s.w., suite 100 roanoke, va 24011
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






sports breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























