




gerlach companies auction services












































w


gerlach companies, inc.
contact
about
bank letter of credit
terms of sale
buy now
current auctions

































professional auction & appraisal services
gerlach companies, inc. is the oldest family-run auction and appraisal company in the state of wisconsin. founded in 1941, gerlach companies has conducted thousands of auctions and appraisals of all types, with a stellar reputation in the industrial and commercial industry. experience and service set us apart from our competition. 
gerlach companies auction services include creating ads for newspaper and trade publications, designing multiple page color brochures, and the use of an extensive industry-specific customer database. we use our own auction crew for setup, cataloging, cashiering and checkout. we have five highly qualified auctioneers to conduct your auction. with this many auctioneers on staff, we can conduct multiple ring auctions, or if you prefer, a sit down theater style with your lots lcd projected on a 14’ theatre screen. we host on-site, simulcast, and on-line only auctions, whatever meets our client’s needs.
gerlach companies is accredited with the american society of appraisers. we perform services that include an on-site inspection of machinery and equipment of the company, and we offer fair market values, orderly and liquidation values, or tailor the appraisal valuation to meet the needs of our client.  we pride ourselves on prompt turnaround time from inspection to completion of the appraisal report. we also provide desktop appraisals for companies that have equipment at distant locations.
references and a list of all our qualifications are available upon request. please contact us for your auction or appraisal needs today by calling our office at 1-262-367-4950.


current auctions




online auction

milwaukee estate sale
bid on estate items including rare wwii memorabilia, antiques, timeless prints and paintings from the late 19th century, christmas ornaments, and much more!
auction ends: february 11, 2025
learn more

















auctions
terms of sale
bank letter of credit
about
contact











gerlach companies, inc. / 139 e. capitol drive, suite 4, hartland, wi  53029 / (262) 367-4950 / gerlachco@aol.com




