


fiberglass tanks, enclosures, buildings, shelters, syrup
kettles, sugar kettles, pools









             
      

       
       
                            
      


                 
      



       
                 
   




fiberglass
tanks 
                                            
      
fiberglass
buildings - enclosures

syrup
kettles - sugar kettles

inground
swimming pools

pool
care
   



thompson
polymer specialists (tps), a louisiana-based fiberglass manufacturer,
focuses on the production of fiberglass buildings, fiberglass tanks,
fiberglass enclosures, fiberglass syrup kettles, fiberglass sugar
kettles, water gardens, and cauldrons, fiberglass swimming pools, and
custom-made fiberglass products.  since 1972, tps has been the
leader in the development and engineering of fiberglass products.

our fiberglass
tanks vary in sizes from 10
gallons to 100,000 gallons
to
meet the needs of industry, municipalities, subdivisions, farms, and
homes.  although our smaller tanks are standardized in size we
also custom design and manufacture tanks and fittings for specific
needs.
fiberglass
buildings, enclosures, shelters, covers, housings are standardized
or
custom built for industrial, municipal and commercial
specifications.  the fiberglass reinforced buildings can be
insulated and corrosion resistant hardware included.
the syrup
kettle and sugar kettle are interchangeable in name when talking
about
our fiberglass kettles.  all of our syrup kettles are made of
durable fiberglass and may be used for planters, water gardens or
fountains to create a garden paradise.
our fiberglass
inground swimming pools
are designed with the greatest
pleasure and safety for the family in mind.  after much research
our one-piece swimming pool features steps on one end of the
pool.  around the 5’ area the pool has a ledge for easy access out
or a resting spot for the swimmer. 











thompson
polymer specialists
3441 liliedahl road*deridder, la  70634
phone:  (337) 348-3776


email: sales@p123.com












last modified:  





