













mds members | massachusetts dental society


























































skip to main content


 menu




mds members
public resources
mds foundation
yankee dental




















login 
join 






mds members
public resources
mds foundation



 








mass dental




 close

search: 






about the mds 



leadership and governance


membership with mds


district dental societies


dental students


mds journal


advertising


press releases


mds staff


careers at the mds





member resources 



laws and regulations


health and wellness


practice management


new dentist resources


career center


classifieds


patient management


insurance and coding


member savings program


peer review


dental insight tips





learning 



live at mds headquarters


mds career accelerator program


mds leadership academy


online learning: continuing education


yankee study club


yankee dental congress


ce registry





advocacy 



legislative action


beacon hill day


grassroots advocacy


mds pac


testimony and position statements





contact us




search: 













 
yankee 2026

thank you to the attendees, volunteers, members, exhibitors, and staff who helped make the 50th yankee dental congress so special! we cannot wait to see you next year for yankee 2026, january 29-31, 2026!

see you next year 



 
renew your membership 

massachusetts dentists turn to the massachusetts dental society (mds) for guidance, education, and focused advocacy. whether you're embarking on your journey as a new dentist or navigating a transition in your career, the mds has your back. renew your membership today. 

renew online 
learn more  


 
mds member savings partners

                                    our member savings program partners are carefully reviewed and vetted to save you time and to provide you with confidence in their products and services. see how our partners can help you save today.
                                
view partners 



 
mds career center

are you hiring? maximize your reach by featuring your job ad on the mds career center. take advantage of an exclusive offer! use code feb25 at checkout to receive 20% off your ad placement. this discount expires on february 28 at midnight and is limited to one ad placement per user.


learn more 





 

featured news





career accelerator program                

are you an early-career dentist ready to elevate your career? we're excited to introduce the career accelerator program (cap)! this business-focused initiative equips dental professionals with the practical skills needed for confident decision-making and career growth. 
learn more 




dental assisting order poster                

the massachusetts dental society (mds) and mds dental practice and benefits committee is running a public outreach campaign promoting the dental assistant's role. order a dental assisting poster today to promote the role to prospects visiting your office. 
order poster 




mds scores legislative wins                

your mds membership is working for you with two recent legislative wins—one addressing workforce shortage issues and the other creating a dentist diversion program. these new laws will bring about much needed change, benefitting patients and dentists across massachusetts.  
learn more 







dental practice insights                

need a dental assistant.....then print this poster!!
use this massachusetts dental society (mds) poster to attract applicants sitting right in your waiting room! 
this small poster is a normal page size (8.5 x 11) that will print from any printer.
download it, print it, post it, and train your applicant as an ojt!

how to train an ojt (on-the-job trained) dental assistant?  
 
click here to access the 

on-the-job trainee (ojt) dental assistant application guide
ojt training tips

print the guide, and follow the ojt flowchart, to get them started immediately!
learn more



                            view previous tips 








 







donate to mds foundation 


previously featured news 


mds site tips 














today's events

no events for today.

see more events 












mass dental







contact



massachusetts dental society
two willow street
southborough,
ma 01745
800.342.8747



yankee dental congress
877.515.9071



connect

mass dental on facebook
mass dental on x
mass dental on youtube
mass dental on instagram
mass dental on linkedin
yankee dental on facebook












                © 2025 massachusetts dental society  |  all rights reserved
            



contact us
privacy policy
calendar












