







	maryland association of realtors





































register


|

login















 






en















button





advocacy
rpac
advocacy priorities
lobby day 2025
government sites
adus



news and events
maryland realtors® online
housing statistics
events
regional roundtables 2025
2025 innovate commercial symposium
lobby day 2025


maryland realtor® magazine
get real estate podcast
nar settlement information & resources



professional development
certifications and designations
graduate realtor® institute
certified international property specialist
housing opportunity certification
maryland residential property management certification
broker review
accredited buyer's representative


education calendar
ethics
code of ethics
file a complaint
ombuds
mediation
request for arbitration


leadership academy
nar development tools
real estate continuing education status



legal resources
legal hotline
forms
fair housing
frequently asked questions
file a complaint
nar settlement faq



membership
member value
affinity partnerships
join as a secondary member
shape the industry
committee descriptions


industry awards
dei
resources



about us
governance
application for elected office
leadership team
board of directors
executive committee
maryland realtors committees
nar directors
bylaws


meet the staff
local associations and boards
former presidents
contact us















welcome to maryland realtors 
maryland realtors represents and advocates for its 28,000+ member realtors throughout maryland.













































































































 realtor® essentials








             legal hotline
              

              get answers to your legal questions.
              











             forms
              

              access statewide and local board forms
              











             deposit interest calculator
              

              calculate rental security deposit interest
              































































maryland realtors® works with local boards and the national association of realtors® to deliver programs and services that promote and sustain high standards and ethical conduct in the real estate profession, for its members and consumers. 

 




                                            
                                            read our mission statement &  strategic plan
                                            



















membership: the value proposition
what is value? at maryland realtors®, we think of this every day when it comes to our members. maryland realtors® exists to support and champion our members and specialties by focusing on connections, advocacy, resources, and expertise. we call this the value proposition, and it's how we bring value to your membership.



























working for you!


our member-directed association supports over 32,000 realtors® across the state. we aim to provide access to tools, resources, and opportunities for our members to uphold the highest level of professional standards as a realtor® and support their clients.
 



discover your possibilities

































around the association
















pride in practice 2024 and event photos












maryland realtors® & dei
















featured articles











































































 
when we work together, everybody wins
when you work within a good, collaborative, professional environment, things get done. people know and understand their roles and how they affect change in their spheres. the unique expertise of each individual adds to the success of shared efforts. 



read more


 


 
maryland homeownership.com — better than ever before!
we’ve been hard at work updating our consumer site, marylandhomeownership.com, to make it the best possible resource for you and your clients.  the website has expanded to include a variety of new pages focusing on first time homebuyer saving accounts and more. 



read more


 


 
new year, new & updated forms
presenting our october 2024 statewide forms: update on changes and practice tips   each fall, maryland realtors® presents updates to its statewide forms library, which contains the form contracts, disclosures, and addenda that members use to service clients and bring real estate transactions to settlement. 



read more


 




















 
 
 
 






























location:
200 harry s. truman pkwy
suite #200
annapolis, md 21401












contact:
phone: (443) 716-3500
email: info@mdrealtor.org












follow us on:












































©
copyright 2025 maryland realtors®
terms of use
privacy statement

















