







north texas sbdc























































































































twitterfacebookyoutubelinkedininstagram 


0shopping carthome
about us

what is the ntsbdc
organizational values
advisory board


services

training & consulting
business advising
veteran resources


local sbdcs

ntsbdc field center locations
sbdc location map
search by county


training calendar
tools
resources

news & publications
business startup
financing
legal & tax issues
it and security
management & marketing
general research & information
permits & licenses


faqs

business startup
financial
legal & taxes
insurance
franchising
selling stock
website development


contact
search




menu


menu

 






previousnext123456

u.s. small business administration disaster loanstexas declaration #20320 & #20321
(disaster: tx-20010)
incident: severe storms, straight-line winds, tornadoes, and flooding

occurring: april 26, 2024, and continuing
in the texas counties of: austin, bell, calhoun, collin, cooke, dallas, denton, eastland, guadalupe, hardin, harris, henderson, hockley, jasper, jones, kaufman, lamar, liberty, montague, montgomery, newton, polk, san jacinto, trinity, tyler, walker, and waller.
for economic injury only in the contiguous texas counties of: anderson, angelina, aransas, bailey, bexar, brazoria, brown, burnet, caldwell, callahan, chambers, cherokee, clay, cochran, colorado, comal, comanche, coryell, delta, ellis, erath, falls, fannin, fayette, fisher, fort bend, franklin, freestone, galveston, gonzales, grayson, grimes, hale, haskell, hays, houston, hunt, jackson, jefferson, lamb, lampasas, lubbock, lynn, madison, matagorda, mclennan, milam, navarro, nolan, orange, palo pinto, red river, refugio, rockwall, sabine, san augustine, shackelford, smith, stephens, stonewall, tarrant, taylor, terry, van zandt, victoria, washington, wharton, williamson, wilson, wise, and yoakum.
deadline to file for economic injury is february 18, 2025
if you are located in a declared disaster area, you may be eligible for financial assistance from the u.s. small business administration (sba).


disaster declaration (english)
declaración de desastre (español)



sba disaster assistance
when disasters like hurricanes helene and milton strike, the u.s. small business administration is there to help you recover and rebuild. business owners, nonprofits, homeowners, and renters in declared disaster areas are eligible to apply for disaster assistance. if you need help with your application, call 800‐659‐2955 or email disastercustomerservice@sba.gov

learn more and apply

start a business

a pre-business workshop will help you to explore the possibilities and help you to decide whether to embark on this new venture. these workshops provide the foundation for developing a sound business plan to start your business and guide its growth. our business advisors can help you refine your plan and access the information you need.
grow your business

our seasoned advisors can analyze your business and help you develop tools for growth; a business plan, financial analysis, and a marketing strategy that’s right on target. we can also assist you with identifying sources of financing and develop a financing proposal, as well as provide seminars to help you stay current and strengthen your skills.
seminars and training

the programs offered by the sbdcs include startup, loan, planning, taxes, marketing and financial statement workshops. the specialty centers provide seminars conducted by expert facilitators, on such topics as writing bid proposals, acquiring a patent or trademark, designing a web page or exporting your products and services.





   

congratulations to the 2023 small business award winnersfamily owned business of the yearhugh and lynne grandstaff, ownershlh&r, lpwomen in business champion of the yearmyra dawn cole, ceokerberos international, inc.small business person of the yearjason phillips, ceophillips home improvementsminority small business champion of the yearcharles g. jenkins, foundersteritec, inc.financial services champion of the yearpatricia zelayandia, vptexas first bankveteran small business champion of the yearpatrick alcorn, directoruta vbocyoung entrepreneur of the yearashleigh squires, founderblush & honey boutiqueemployee portal current staff and employees, please use the link below to access the ntsbdc employee intranet.



forget your password?
click here to recover password.
twitter: northtexassbdclearn how to fund your #smallbusiness. join the @collinsbdc for this #free, informative #webinar tomorrow, june 14… https://t.co/zflcnzdyku 09:27:07 am june 13, 2023 from twitter web app replyretweetfavorite@northtexassbdc





the north texas small business development center network is funded in part through a cooperative agreement with the u.s. small business administration and dallas college. the north texas sbdc is an accredited member of the association of small business development centers. sbdcs are supported by the u.s. small business administration and extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis. the sba cannot endorse any products, opinions or services of any external parties or services. reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities will be made if requested at least two weeks in advance. language assistance services are available for limited english proficient individuals. please call 214-860-5831.copyright © 2022 | north texas small business development center network | all rights reserved.website concerns or technical issues, please contact katrina wade-miller 
twitterfacebookyoutubelinkedininstagram






scroll to top



 
































































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








