

































































 







hours of operation: monday-friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. 


about us
contact us















toggle navigation









home
service & parts

service appointment


rentals
 




                            call us at931.858.2628 




x






 



















trust the pros  at jbeez
we have everything you need! looking for a wakeboard, skis, wakesurf, or kneeboard? we carry everything including cwb, ho, hyperlite, connelly, and byerly just to name a few!
check out our pro shop today!











professional  marine repair 
with over 25 years of service and repair experience, our master technicians have the knowledge and ability to work on any type of boat including axis, mastercraft, supra, moomba, malibu, centurion, ski, tige, nautique and many more!
click here to make an appointment




















 
andy harrison nashville



i’ve used jbeez for the past 8 years for all of my boat repairs. the best in the area, and they always treat me like family!




 
travis scott cookeville



they recently refloored my pontoon and reupholstered my seats. my boat looks brand new! they did a flawless job at a great price!




 
stacy jones smithville



rented waverunners here with some friends, it was so much fun! they were a blast!




 
joe banks nashville, tn



the staff was so friendly and helpful. blew a tire and bearing on a sunday afternoon. they came out and had me running again within two hours. great service and great price!











our services





pro gear shop






marine repair






watercraft sales






water craft rentals




view all 







hot deals
                


view all 










site navigation
home
about us
service center
boat rentals
 

visit store
take i-40 to exit 273 . turn south on hwy 56 toward smithville.
we are located one mile on your right.



                           call us at931.858.2628 





newsletter
sign up for our newsletter








 


































