








bobby blue archive


































            razor blades and splicing tape: this audio archive page is dedicated to my fellow travelers on a free-form progressive rock journey.
            first, a quick profile so that you and i can become better acquainted before listening to the audio files of my rock radio adventure.
         

            kmet-fm, los angeles, ca; kwst-fm, los angeles, ca; knac-fm, los angeles, ca; kpri-fm, san diego, ca; kyms-fm, anaheim, ca; kfxm, san bernardino, ca, ktkt, tucson, az, kclb-fm, palm springs, ca, and various other stations.
         

            during the late 60s, 70s, and 80s you and i were the early pioneers of "free form fm progressive rock radio" as we chronicled music history and documented the social changes that were taking place in america!
         

            so many people have influenced my life and career.
            in the same way i hope that i can return the favor and be a positive influence on you.
            if you would like to contribute material or comment on this electronic community connection you can contact us at: webmaster@bobbyblue.org

i am currently in the process of digitizing and posting my radio interviews from the 1980s, 1990s, 2000s, and beyond.
            check back in the future for updates on their availability.
         







00:00






00:00
















interviews
knac earth news (l.a.)
news blimps (n.y.)
legendary stuff
air check






interviews
alexis korner (75)
bad company (75)
james gang (75)
ian hunter
mott
sla
rick wakeman
tim curry
tina turner (68)
eric brawn - iron butterfly (69)
eric burdon - animals_war (70)
ken hensly (uriah heep) (75)
long john baldrey (76)
john stewart (74)
ronald regan (69)
senator moscone - pot laws (74)
veterans tribute interview


knac earth news
jfk
kent state
bigfoot
rolling stones tour
20 years in texas jail
are ufo's real?
are ufo's real? pt. 2
aretha franklin shooting
dea wire tap bust
earth news reel-1
earth news reel-2
earth news reel-3


news blimps (n.y.)
sla
marty the mouse
the lsd army
john lennon
jfk
japan radiation
fast food
esp
dopers
bobby kennedy
bermuda triangle
germs
blimps reel-1
blimps reel-1.5


legendary stuff
cal jam 04-06-74
kpri air-check (73)
knac air-check (74)
knac air-check (75)
knac air-check (76)
kmet air-check (77)
kmet air-staff reel (77)


air check
bobby blue air-check

 
 
 







play side one

 


play side two











             interviewing governor ronald reagan at kfxm in 1968.
             asked mr. reagan about his removing of funding for state universities which sparked
             demonstrations/riots on many state college campuses.
          






             hanging out with tommy bolin of deep purple during radio show at
             knac-fm in 1974. tommy was a good friend and frequent visitor to the
             bobby blue show.
          






             the weekly syndicated television rock show in the late 70's and early 80's
             "bobby blue's rockola friday night" featured national and local acts. watch: the mechanics from los angeles.
          






             pictured with david measham, conductor of the london symphony orchestra
             (passed away 6th february 2005), ron mccoy (knac-fm), and rick
             wakeman (of the rock group yes) at debut of "journey to the center of the
             earth" at knac-fm in 1974.
          







          [powered by millennium systems inc]
       









