



home

























west asheville, north carolina




home

about us


why calvary?


why jesus?


about baptism


our pastor


our leadership


affiliations and ministry partners



your first visit

calvary kids

media


newsletter


sunday messages



contact us

give
 

following jesus.  friending the world.

































watch previous sunday messages here












  










come worship with us worship at calvary is... 






... a powerful experience of celebration through worship music that is modern/contemporay and includes hymns that speak timelessly into our lives.  ... focused on the majesty of our creator who has come in the flesh to reveal himself to us in jesus christ, the son of god, the savior of the world.... a sacred experience of being open to the spirit of god who is present to enliven us when we gather in the name of jesus christ.... grounded in the biblical message of god's self-sacrificing, forgiving love and the transformation that following jesus brings.




 




what we are about





following jesus.

all of us follow someone or something.  at calvary, we have chosen to follow jesus because doing so has transformed our lives.  we learn the truth about who jesus is and how to follow him from the bible, particularly the new testament.  we learn that following jesus is about more than what we believe.  it is about who we are, where we find meaning, and how we live.  it is about being like jesus in our relationships, marriages, families, communities, and world.  following jesus doesn't answer our every question about life, but it does shape us into people who can handle not knowing all the answers.  following jesus takes us on a spiritual journey in which we not only find god, we find our true selves, and we find truth itself.  following jesus takes us on a journey in which we discover that to know jesus is to know god -- that god is like jesus -- and that is good news.  following jesus teaches us how to live and to love until we one day see him face to face in eternity.  at the heart of everything we do is our daily desire to follow jesus.  he is the only true hope for our own lives and for the world.


friending the world.


we all need a friend, a true friend.  at calvary, we have chosen to be a friend to the world.  jesus called those who followed him "friends."  his friends were not perfect; neither are we.  rather than setting up human standards that are impossible for any of us to keep, we point our friends to jesus because in him, we find the best friend we could ever imagine.  we find a friend who sacrificed his own life for us, who loves us beyond measure, who forgives us when we mess up, and who wants the best for us. we find a friend who loves us as we are and also loves us enough to not leave us as we are.  at calvary, friending the world means that we build relationships that mirror the compassion of jesus, that respect the image of god in every person, and that invite others into a relationship with jesus.  friending the world means we strive to love and serve others regardless of how similar or different we are.  it means we are active in the world to help bring the peace of god into the lives of our friends through personal trust in jesus christ as savior and lord.  


why calvary?

learn about what makes calvary who we are and why we exist.

more info

why jesus?

learn about who jesus is, why we follow him, and how we do it.

more info

our pastor

learn about our pastor, why he's here, and what he wants you to know.

more info

contact us

have questions, prayer needs, or need more informaiton?

more info




a message from our pastor

"welcome to calvary!  we are a family of faith who are focused on two things: following jesus and friending the world.  i would encourage you to read more about what those things mean to us on this website.  calvary is a special place with a special story.  please take a moment to watch this video.  in it, i share with you briefly about calvary, about myself,  about why i am here at calvary, and about what i think is important for you to know.  we hope you will be our guest in person for worship this sunday.  i'd like to meet you in person, so please track me down following worship and introduce yourself.  or, if i see you first, i'll do the same." - pastor rendell











resources





crosspoints monthly newsletter

our monthly news letter contains the latest information about happenings at calvary.

















sunday messages




watch our pastor's weekly sermons online.















facebook





keep in touch and share.  we are "calvary church asheville"






 



















calvary church531 haywood roadasheville, nc 28806828.253.7301

office hours:monday -thursday9:00 am - 2:00 pm

office@calvarync.org


our current schedule

sundays- prayer time at 9:20 am in our narthex- nursery opens 9:20 every sunday- sunday morning bible study at 9:30 am for all ages- worship at 10:30 am in our sanctuary- children's church every sunday before our pastor's message  



"for there is one god and one mediator between god and mankind, the man christ jesus,who gave himself as a ransom for all people."  - i timothy 2:5-6



calvary church © 2020 - privacy policy














