





st. john fisher university, rochester, ny




 
 

















skip to content


st. john fisher university
































 












top searches

human resourcesdean's listlibraryregistrar's officebrightspaceacademic calendar mysjf launchpademployment at fisherscholarshipsmysjf career services

 














majors & minors
graduate programs
admissions & aid
experience fisher
athletics
student life























												information for
											

current studentsparentsfaculty staff alumni 


















												search
											


 


about fisher news & events library a-z list fisher forward

 
 
 
 
 
 









        what they did for love
          
the teddi dance for love raised more than $100,000 for camp good days and special times. 
        
       view the highlights.



 




        finish what you started.
          
explore fisher’s new, fully online bachelor’s degree in business administration tailored to help adults finish their undergraduate degree.  
        
       explore the program.



 




        see for yourself
          
join us for our winter open house on february 15 and experience all fisher has to offer. take a tour, meet current students and faculty, and see how impactful you can be in our campus community. 
        
       register today.



 




        make your impact
          
fisher’s graduate programs have a way of bringing out your best, so take the next step to fast-track your career advancement. 
        
       join us for an upcoming information session.




 
 






apply to fisher

visit the campus


request information


support fisher






featured programs



marketing
a bachelor’s degree in marketing from fisher connects you to many opportunities for a rewarding career.



education
become a teacher with dual certification in general education and special education.



american studies
study the rich diversity of the american experience through the arts, social sciences, and history.









$100,000

         
       each year, students raise thousands of dollars to help the young campers at camp good days.
     
      learn moreread the recap.






        the annual dance-a-thon draws in strong student and community support each year.
      





        
       24
      
        
        the dance-a-thon runs for 24 straight hours. this year’s event took place feb. 7 and 8.
     learn moreview highlights.






     teddi has been a beloved event within the fisher community for 43 years.
      




200

     more than 200 dancers left it all on the dance floor at the teddi dance for love, which benefits camp good days and special times.
      
      learn moreyou can still give.





throughout the 24-hour fundraiser, dancers enjoy several performances, participate in themed dances, and host a carnival for campers.










“ it was the most supportive educational experience i have ever received. ”







				brian cheng ’24
			

				library media specialist, new york city public schools
			
m.s. in library media



hear from other fisher grads



“ studying at fisher will undoubtedly increase your academic and career opportunities. ”







				danielle reid ’17
			

				postdoctoral research associate, washington university in st. louis
			
chemistry



hear from other fisher grads



“ i think what sets fisher apart from other schools is the community and that professors are dedicated to you. ”







				alyson witt ’23
			

				outreach coordinator, mustard seed school
			
public health



hear from other fisher grads



“ i believe i have gotten great value out of my education at fisher. the impact of great professors who are focused on the quality of your education paired with small classes is incredibly important. ”







				conner bennett ’23
			

				research technician, university of rochester
			
biology



hear from other fisher grads



“ all of the hands-on experience i gained at fisher helped me land an amazing job. the faculty are amazing people who love what they do and work hard to help students become successful graduates. ”







				diana delrio ’22
			

				supervised release coordinator at brooklyn justice initiatives
			
political science



hear from other fisher grads



“ my fisher education put me in the driver’s seat of my professional career. the opportunities for personal growth have been unmatched, and the tools and skills i have learned will stay with me for the rest of my life. ”







				james harding ’23
			

				sales development representative, professional sports publications
			
sport management



hear from other fisher grads












fisher news




 

st. john fisher university online graduate programs recognized by u.s. news

			 january 21, 2025
		





 

fisher announces fall 2024 dean’s list honorees

			 january 30, 2025
		



 

the power of play

			 january 17, 2025
		






countdown to commencement 2025: makena evans




three gifts enrich fisher urban scholarship




women in family business committee to host cinco de mayo networking event




take the wsj/college pulse college rankings survey today




teddi raises more than $100k for camp



explore the news




events at fisher




feb
17


 vinyl painting
6 p.m.





feb
18


wellness pop up
12:30 p.m.





feb
19


cafecito spanish conversation group
4:30 p.m.





feb
19


pre-law guest speaker: brad kammholz
6:15 p.m.





feb
19


puzzle contest
7:30 p.m.



full calendar







connect to fisher



fisher on facebook
						













fisher on youtube
						
















@sjfuniversity
						




















apply to fisher

visit the campus


request information


support fisher















 















































 


map and directions
a-z list
people directory
employment
mysjf

 
copyright © st. john fisher university | 3690 east avenue, rochester, ny 14618  |  (585) 385-8000
       privacy | accessibility | title ix

 
 
 







