



american geography portal















































 






979-228-4280agp@amergeog.orghomearticlesstunning discoveriesgeographic organizations around the worldabout american geographythe geographical changespast & futureagendasglobal warmingglobal environmentagreementseventstrendsknowledgegeography studiesinstitutionsthe worldartifactsdiscoverieslandscapesnatural wondersweird placescontactabout us







 welcome to  
							american geography portal  
							 


rice scape mu cang chai vietnam 
							 


lauca world biosphere reserve, chile 
							 





why geography matters

the earth has an ever-changing landscape that continues to awe and amaze all those adventurous enough to explore it. most of these places, some of which we have previously written about, like machu picchu, the grand canyon, and the great sphinx, you’ve heard of, and you have probably even visited some of them. but there are also a number of amazing places that are so strange and weird that they look like they belong in a science-fiction movie. if you plan on taking a trip and want to visit somewhere that’s out of this world, here is a list of ten of the weirdest places on earth.

stunning geographical discoveries
dinosaurs used to live in antarcticaancient human footprintsmachu picchuthe dead sea scrollsa meteorite containing possible life from marsfrozen woolly mammothsweird places you wouldn’t believe 
dinosaurs used to live in antarcticathis mountain range is considered to be one of the oldest geological formations at two billion years old.
dobsina ice cave, slovakiapart of the unesco world heritage list, this ice cave was discovered in 1870 and became the first electrically lit cave in europe in 1887.
hitachi seaside park, japanlocated in japan and borders the pacific ocean, seaside park features a jaw-dropping 350 hectares.
maelifell, icelandthis composite cone volcano is unique and beautiful. it was formed underneath a glacier by volcanic eruptions, and surfaced around 10,000 years ago.
translateabout american geography portal
american geography portal wants to promote the fascinating world we live in, and also explain why the study of geography is so important and relevant today.
the world we live in now did not always look like it does, and will never look like this again as the earth is forever changing. we live on an amazingly beautiful planet and it’s important that we appreciate what we have, and do as much as we can to preserve it. geography can give us the information we need to make the best decisions in managing earth’s natural resources in a way that will not destroy our planet.
recent geography news
 

love geography? learn how you can make a career of itdecember 12, 2019 



is the kailasa temple in ellora, india, built off a single rock?july 18, 2019 



how climate change is reshaping our geographyaugust 10, 2018 



past and current agreements to conserve the environment: a case study of cop21may 15, 2018 



regions of the world with the highest landscape elevation and what it means to the inhabitantsapril 10, 2018 



the importance of studying geographymarch 25, 2018 



how climate change and global warming is reshaping our landscapesmarch 1, 2018 



the best institutions in the world offering geographical coursesfebruary 15, 2018 



interesting geographical events around the world in 2017january 30, 2018 




 
geographic organizations around the world
 

 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





streaming services to enjoy

little asians – the adult-focused series where the most beautiful oriental girls are sporting their tiny, innocent bodies. coming to the usa with big dreams they end up satisfying big members of their american male friends.
littlefromasia.com



evil angel – it’s about time you discover what real fun is. bunch of directors unite under one brand to bring you the filth – and they do hell of a job with it. watch the most popular genres in stunning 4k quality… and daily updates!
angelicevil.com
cardiogasm – the very first video website where fitness exercises are absolutely a must-see. given each episode is featuring the world’s most-know ladies from the adult industry you can be sure your fitness level are about to skyrocket.
cardiogasm.net



yes father – the taboo subject in today’s society? good, because say uncle studio loves those. see what happens between those fantasy church walls where clerics, altar boys and their masters are involved in gay acts that would put to shame even the dirtiest minds.
gayreligion.com
asshole fever is all about having the second option when it comes to giving & receiving pleasure. watch the most beautiful european teens engage in risky business of backdoor fun.
assholefever.tube



genderx films – the finest transgender content on the web. see why ts girls are taking over the mainstream scene and there is perfect explanation for that. why settle for one if you can get the best of both worlds?
xxxgenders.com
brazzers exxtra – take a look how hot extra content of brazzers series really is. this little extra subseries focuses on unsorted and uncategorized otherwise kind of fun. same high quality of zz brand, yet with totally new approach!
zzxxtra.com



pawg – wondering what this acronym is? seen it somewhere recently? good, because you are get the proper explanation, straight from the source. watch those phat ass white girls presenting you what pawg stands for!
whatispawg.com
voyr – enjoy the finest gay cinema of 2024 in picturesque locations and performers from latin america. watch them bathed in sun having so much pleasure it’s almost impossible to capture on tape!
alphagaymax.com



asgmax – the hottest gay entertainment now under one roof. all the biggest studios united in one mission – to bring you the finest gay fun with a single membership!
gaoyr.com



© american geography portal | cookies policy | privacy policy | terms and conditions


 menu




















