










modular building institute - modular construction industry



























































  


































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility






skip to content









home  |  contact us  |  member login  |  contribute





























linkedin





instagram






































menu 
about history & mission modular advocacy program benefits of mbi esg meet mbi’s board of directors councils canadian council european council south american council staff contact usfind a member search directory mbi member profiles request an estimateresources store what is modular construction? markets served industry analysis project database awards research, whitepapers, & studies foundations modular construction industry scholarships for students support modular construction businesses and events by donating modular construction foundation donations – the 1983 society faqnews magazine podcast press releases discussion forum spokespersongovernment affairs updates & articles building codes & contacts our teameducation events calendar 2025 world of modular world of modular europe mbi learning center webinarsfor members mbi seals member benefits code of conduct for members – guidelines for ethical practices sponsorship & ads jobs









join










 















 
why modular?modular construction is a process in which a building is constructed off-site, under controlled plant conditions, then assembled on location. but why choose modular?


explore the benefits


 


 
modular advocacy programsupport the industry's efforts to expand modular construction and develop the next generation of industry professionals.


support the map today


 


 
crisis responsethe modular construction industry plays a vital role following humanitarian and natural disasters, assisting with both short-term relief and longer-term rebuilding efforts.


learn more


 


 
industry analysismbi gathers and distributes the most comprehensive information about the size and growth of the commercial modular construction industry.


read the reports


 


 
learning centerthe mbi learning center offers a comprehensive introduction to the commercial modular construction industry, including terminology and concepts. 


activate your account today


 






























welcome to the modular building institute






founded in 1983, the modular building institute (mbi) is the international non-profit trade association serving the modular construction industry. members are manufacturers, contractors, and dealers in two distinct segments of the industry - permanent modular construction (pmc) and relocatable buildings (rb). associate members are companies supplying the modular construction industry with building components, services, and financing. mbi has expanded its membership over the years to include architects, owner/developers, and general contractors, and collectively the members of the modular building institute are designing and building the future of the modular/offsite construction industry.

















					find a builder				








					events				








					awards				








					advocacy				








					features				








					careers				








					education				






















mark your calendar










view all events





































































modular headlines








sunbelt modular inc. acquires britco structures usa


safe & green holdings announces certification upgrades from the texas department of licensing and regulation (tdlr)


lmc welcomes franklin homes to its modular division, expanding nationwide reach


world’s largest modular student residence opens in hong kong, cimc sets benchmark for construction efficiency and sustainability


the boldt group establishes bildt, a fabrication and modular company


wesco international finalizes purchase of ascent


amb modulaire is now modulable


reps. caraveo, petterson tackle affordable housing shortage with innovative housing solutions

















inside modular podcast
latest episode: benefits, tips, and tricks for designing & building with cold-formed steel w/ framecad
see all episodes























learn more
















 
government affairs 
as a trade association for the commercial modular construction industry, mbi works on behalf of its members around the world. some of the most important work we do involves removing legislative barriers, helping to create industry-friendly codes and regulations, and connecting members with their local governmental agencies.
read our latest updates 














 
events & education 
mbi organizes and partners with other organizations to offer timely and important conferences and events on the latest issues and trends affecting commercial modular construction. topics include best practices, regulatory updates, factory tours, business conduct, safety, code issues, and much more.
learn more 














 
research & development 
as the international trade association for modular and offsite construction, mbi works with an extensive network of universities, researchers, and alliances from all over the world. in addition to our own annual reports, mbi collects research results, whitepapers, and third-party analysis to provide insight into this growing construction method.
see our reports 





















modular advantage magazine






the latest issue of modular advantage takes a deep dive into the dynamic and quickly-growing world of shipping container structures, featuring in-depth interviews with:

stephen shang of falcon structures
martha trela of urbanbloc
anthony halsch of roxbox structures
and many more!

plus new member-submitted modular building articles and case studies!
➤ read the complete issue
➤ subscribe today

















sponsors


















































































 










© 2025 modular building institute
 | 
site by growthzone












the voice of commercial modular construction.®

















get involved






mbi is committed to removing industry barriers & fostering the growth and expansion of commercial modular construction.









join mbi











contribute













stay informed
modular construction events
modular advantage magazine
inside modular podcast







subscribe










contact us










285 hydraulic ridge road, suite 6charlottesville, virginia 22901 usa 










(434) 296-3288 















schuman roundabout 2-4, level 61040 brussels, belgium 










0032 2 403 36 58 










info@modular.org 














linkedin













xml sitemap | html sitemap

















 © 2025 modular building institute. all rights reserved | privacy policy 








 




















