

prem rawat's former followers present ex-premie.org, the truth about prem rawat, a.k.a. maharaji, the prem rawat foundation, and elan vital












welcome
         to














presented
         by
ex-followers
         of prem rawat, a.k.a.
         maharaji,

the
         ex-"lord of the universe"









"the chances are you've never seen the other side of me.  you've seen the event side of me when i'm on stage.  but there is another side of me.  if you evoke that side, you won't like it.  it's a nasty side.  you don't want to see that side.  you're not missing anything by not seeing it." - prem rawat, arundel england, 23rd july 1999.


webmaster's note (2009).  welcome to the ex-premie website, the first comprehensive information resource on the internet covering prem rawat, also known as maharaji, and his work.  the primary purpose of this website is to provide information to current and prospective followers of prem rawat, that is not made available on his official sites.

this website has been in existence since 1997.  since i took over in 2001, the home page has included a request for prem rawat or elan vital to correct any inaccuracies on this site. they have yet to do so.  elan vital did claim copyright on quotes by prem rawat in which he likened himself to jesus, and pictures of mr. rawat dressed as krishna, but so far they have made no attempt to rebut any of the first-hand testimonies published on this site.  personally, i think it is obvious that rawat has nothing to offer except lifetime dependence on him, and is grossly incompetent at communicating what he does claim to offer.  even though he specifically instructs his followers to attend his speaking engagements when possible, the numbers attending go down each year (to premies - look around you, where are all the new people?).  for people who have recently heard about rawat, he does not have any secret wisdom, nor a way to achieve peace.  all he teaches are four ways to meditate, and 70 hours of videos of him speaking to make you think you need him.  you don't.



after being responsible for this site since 2001, i actually have very little interest in updating it.  i value this site, and will do what it takes to keep it available for new readers, but it, and maharaji, play a very small role in my life.  i welcome, and will add, new journeys, as and when former followers tell their stories, and when more of those former followers who were close to rawat finally have the courage to share what they know (you know who you are!), then i will feature them alongside mishler, dettmers, donner, finch and others.

speaking of mike finch, his recently published book about his experiences as a follower of rawat and his time since, entitled 'without the guru', is recommended for anyone who wants to uncover the truth about prem rawat.

















prem
                  rawat - the
                  person
                  testimonies of those with first hand experience of
                  prem rawat, including those who ran his organisations.





an
                  open letter to current followers of prem
                  rawat
                  summary of the major grievances of maharaji's
                  former followers.




an
                  open letter to
                  maharaji
                  after 30 years as a loyal student of prem rawat,
                  mike finch has written this letter to his former
                  teacher.




prem
                  rawat - his wealth
admire rawat's house and read about his wealth, and
                  one
                  way
                  he 'earns' it.




new! - videos featuring prem rawat 
                  an anthology of videos from 1973 to the present day, where the star, as always, is prem rawat




the elan vital/dlm gallery 
                  now hosted on this site - scans of original divine light mission/elan vital publications.




harboring
                  a paedophile
                  mahatma jagdeo, one of prem rawat's closest
                  lieutenants, raped and
                  abused children of prem rawat's
                  followers.










				  since this site was created, several other sites with similar purposes have been independently created.  here are a few that are recommended:-

prem-rawat-critique.org - contains commentary on promotional activities of prem rawat's supporters and organisations.

www.prem-rawat-bio.org - an incredibly detailed and well researched study of rawat's life.

gurumaharaji.info - includes original audio and video files from the period when rawat demanded devotion from his followers.

mikefinch.com - mike finch's website which includes a section on prem rawat with some excellent articles by mike.

those
                  unfamiliar with the history of prem rawat, and some of the
                  terms we use here, are recommended to read this
                  introduction,
                  and the links from that
                  page.

while
                  reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the
                  accuracy of the content of this site; which is
                  based on first hand accounts (usually
                  corroborated), elan vital/divine light mission/duo
                  publications, and other sources; we are grateful
                  for any factual
                  corrections.
				  
				  the significant information on this site, including the personal stories of former followers from the journeys section, is now available as a dowloadable book in word format.  download here, and distribute freely!

				  corrections, comments, criticisms and thanks are all welcome, and should be sent to the webmaster, john brauns, at epowebmaster@yahoo.co.uk

so, once again, welcome!
                  
support this site!










press
                  and media
                  for any press and media enquiries, please write to john brauns, the webmaster 
				  of this site, at epowebmaster@yahoo.co.uk.




prem
                  rawat in the press
                  compare the newspaper articles about prem rawat
                  listed on this site, with those listed on the prem
                  rawat foundation site.




the
                  dlm/ev papers
                  former elan vital instructor, the late 
                  jean-michel kahn's excellent website is now hosted
                  here. including the
                  true spiritual heritage of prempal
                  rawat.




is
                  prem rawat the leader of a
                  cult?
                  current followers have argued that prem rawat is
                  not the leader of a cult. all cult experts and
                  former followers say he is.




an
                  open letter to dr. ron
                  geaves
                  dr. geaves' contribution to the visions
                  international video, 'passages, a master's journey'
                  is a good example of elan vital
                  revisionism.




attempts
                  to silence prem rawat's
                  critics
                  including attempts to shut down this website.
                  (under construction)




prem
                  rawat responds to his
                  critics
finally acknowledging we exist, prem rawat
                  describes his critics as matches that didn't
                  light!









this is rawat's house - can anyone think of an explanation as to why someone who supposedly has dedicated his life to bringling peace needs such a house? - notice the two floor garage with 5 double doors on the lower floor, the tennis court, and the swimming pool.  there are only two explanations possible - one is that he is god in human form, and deserves the best (that is the explanation his devoted followers believe in), and the other is that he is a fraud, and just loves the adulation and the wealth.  by the way, rawat has never had a regular job to earn a single penny of what this house, and all his other houses, have cost.







journeys
         personal accounts of ex-followers of prem rawat.


white
         pages
discontinued april 2023


best
         of the forums
         some of the best discussions from the on-line
         forums.


forum
         archives
         archives of the earlier on-line forums.




questions
         for maharaji
         pity he doesn't answer questions - the answers would be
         interesting.


background
         an introduction for those not familiar with the prem rawat
         phenomenon.


why
         don't we "move on"?
         the short answer is:- most have!


site
         policy
         this site exists to provide information only.









this site is maintained by unpaid volunteers. anyone who wants to contribute towards the running costs of the ex-premie.org websites, please click here:-









if you have a uk bank account, you can pay directly - write to the webmaster via the 'feedback' link below. paypal is the cheapest, and most secure, way for non-uk residents to donate, but they require that you register first. anyone unwilling to use paypal should write to the webmaster for alternative options.

many thanks to those who have already helped.







   













































































