












north carolina institute of medicine




















































what are you looking for?





















about uscelebrating 40 years of the nciomour impactnciom & ncmj staffboard of directorsmemberssupportersemployment & internshipsfaqdirections and mailing addresssupport usour workcurrent task forces & projectsprevious task forces & projectslegislative health policy fellowsannual health policy meetinghealthy north carolina 2030 – community input sessionsncmjour newsblognc health data and resourcesguide to accountable care communitiesnc county health profileschild health report cardsuninsured snapshotshealth care primerswhere to find nc health datarunning the numberspublicationsnciomncmj
























events
news
directions





 search




about uscelebrating 40 years of the nciomour impactnciom & ncmj staffboard of directorsmemberssupportersemployment & internshipsfaqdirections and mailing addresssupport usour workcurrent task forces & projectsprevious task forces & projectslegislative health policy fellowsannual health policy meetinghealthy north carolina 2030 – community input sessionsncmjour newsblognc health data and resourcesguide to accountable care communitiesnc county health profileschild health report cardsuninsured snapshotshealth care primerswhere to find nc health datarunning the numberspublicationsnciomncmj



















 
2024 nursing task force report securing a strong nursing workforceread the reportimage shows cover of nciom report time for action: securing a strong nursing workforce for north carolina with blue background and circular photo of group of people wearing scrubs.
2024 oral health task force report new report from the oral health transformation task forceread the report herejournalauthors describe the evolution of oral health care in north carolina:read the ncmjread the 2024 nciom impact report 



 





shaping policy for a healthier state
the north carolina institute of medicine, nciom, is an independent organization focused on improving the health and well-being of north carolinians by providing analysis on the health and well-being of north carolinians, identifying solutions to the health issues facing our state, building consensus toward evidence-based solutions, and informing health policy at the state and local level.

learn more



we bring together diverse stakeholders to develop solutions to the complex health problems in north carolina.


the nciom’s task forces and other projects, including the ncmj, have led to sustained improvements in the health and well-being of north carolinians. 











current work
collaborating for a healthier north carolina
the nciom addresses the health needs of north carolinians by working with stakeholder groups to identify evidence-based strategies to improve health and inform health policy.
browse current work





















next 


















 prev


















current task force

immigrant mental health
el futuro - a community-based nonprofit organization that seeks to transform latino-serving mental health care in north carolina and beyond - has a desire to develop a network of organizations and individuals passionate about and/or providing immigrant mental health and well-being services, regardless of ethnicity or nationality. el futuro collaborated with the north carolina institute of medicine (nciom) to learn more together about immigrant mental health services in north carolina. through this partnership el futuro and the nciom have explored the strengths and challenges of various immigrant groups in the state and potential opportunities to address policy issues impacting immigrant access to adequate services and supports for their mental well-being. 
this work was supported by grants from the blue cross and blue shield of north carolina foundation and the kate b. reynolds charitable trust.

read more










current task force

nc center on the workforce for health
in early 2021, nc ahec, nciom, and the sheps center program on health workforce research and policy began developing a concept for a statewide center focused on the collaborative and comprehensive development of north carolina’s workforce for health. as of september 2023, these coordinating organizations have convened five quarterly meetings aimed at collecting and integrating feedback from state health care leaders on the priority goals, activities, and organizational structure of a north carolina center on the workforce for health.

read more









north carolina medical journal
the latest issue
oral health in north carolina
current issue november 14, 2024
in the issuethis issue of the north carolina medical journal argues that the goal of improving health compels us to address heart, mind, body, and our teeth and gums.
 read more 





read more












news & upcoming events








press release | january 3, 2025

nc legislative staff convene for nciom health policy program to inform constituent assistance



press release | december 16, 2024

nciom welcomes ayana simon as associate director



press release | october 14, 2024

dr. ronny a. bell named nc medical journal editor in chief



press release | september 19, 2024

nciom task force on future of nursing recognized by nc nurses association





view all news 









            no event found!
        





view all events 








view all news 







view all events 



























919-445-6155








let's work together and improve north carolina's health system. contact us today



follow along with us







































































