






homepage | interstitial cystitis association











































































 




skip to content




















































search



				search			







close



 





donate









stay informed









understanding ic/bps left column learn about ic/bps what is interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (ic/bps)? who gets ic? causes symptoms frequently asked questions ic/bps in women ic/bps in men ic/bps in children ic/bps flares associated conditions navigating ic/bps: conversations with experts videos & webinars glossary of terminology information in other languages ica store diagnosis initial evaluation for ic/bps cystoscopy with hydrodistention urodynamics diagnosing complicated ic/bps cases wrong diagnosis ic/bps treatment guideline medical treatments bladder instillations surgical procedures neuromodulation botox medications antidepressants antihistamines pentosan polysulfate sodium immunosuppresants complementary treatments self management physical therapy complementary & alternative therapies diet how diet can trigger ic flares elimination diet what to eat foods to avoid the ic/bps plate kicking the caffeine habit food allergies and intolerances supplements ic/bps diet faqs snapshot of research on ic/bps and diet newly diagnosed toolkit ask an ic/bps question right column 























interstitial cystitis (in-ter-stish-uhl sĭ-stī’tĭs), or as we call it, ic, is a condition that consists of recurring pelvic pain, pressure, or discomfort in the bladder and pelvic region.









living with ic/bps left column healthcare resources finding the right doctor healthcare provider registry pain diaries patient assistance programs helpful links & organizations insurance & disability health insurance disability insurance social security disability insurance talking with your employer about ic/bps handicapped parking permits support & community us support groups online support groups voices of hope blog caregiver support support group leader kit general health & lifestyle advice exercise managing stress sleep & ic/bps public restroom & travel tips ic/bps on budget intimacy and ic/bps quitting smoking urological diseases databases and registries right column 






















tips and tools to help interstitial cystitis (ic) patients manage ic symptoms, including lifestyle changes to over-the-counter ic products. the interstitial cystitis association (ica) is your comprehensive source of living with ic!









news left column news updates ica update magazine ica enews right column 

























														ic awareness month: celebrating 40 years of dedication and community support											


			october 1, 2024	
















get involved left column join us for ic awareness month! ways to give donate online set up monthly giving planned gifts and estate planning donor advised funds donor stock transfer instructions ic/bps charity in combined federal campaign corporate payment form donor benefits and how donations are used advertising options fundraise create a community fundraiser create a facebook fundraiser ic awareness walks advocate ic awareness month proclamation requests participate in ic/bps advocacy meet locally with your legislators find ic/bps support online support community local support groups participate in clinical trials clinical trial recruitment for healthcare providers healthcare provider toolkit purchase brochures host an event for corporate partners corporate partner prospectus sponsor an ica event join the ica medical advisory council right column 






















we need your help to help us achieve our mission of improving the quality of healthcare and lives of people living with interstitial cystitis (ic). explore the ways you can help!









about left column mission, vision, & our promise to you board of directors ica medical advisory council annual reports 990 and audited financials about our founder contact us right column 






















ica advocates for interstitial cystitis (ic) research dedicated to discovery of a cure and better treatments, raises awareness, and serves as a central hub for the healthcare providers, researchers and millions of patients who suffer with ic.









shop




menu 




×
understanding ic/bps left column learn about ic/bps what is interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (ic/bps)? who gets ic? causes symptoms frequently asked questions ic/bps in women ic/bps in men ic/bps in children ic/bps flares associated conditions navigating ic/bps: conversations with experts videos & webinars glossary of terminology information in other languages ica store diagnosis initial evaluation for ic/bps cystoscopy with hydrodistention urodynamics diagnosing complicated ic/bps cases wrong diagnosis ic/bps treatment guideline medical treatments bladder instillations surgical procedures neuromodulation botox medications antidepressants antihistamines pentosan polysulfate sodium immunosuppresants complementary treatments self management physical therapy complementary & alternative therapies diet how diet can trigger ic flares elimination diet what to eat foods to avoid the ic/bps plate kicking the caffeine habit food allergies and intolerances supplements ic/bps diet faqs snapshot of research on ic/bps and diet newly diagnosed toolkit ask an ic/bps question right column 























interstitial cystitis (in-ter-stish-uhl sĭ-stī’tĭs), or as we call it, ic, is a condition that consists of recurring pelvic pain, pressure, or discomfort in the bladder and pelvic region.









living with ic/bps left column healthcare resources finding the right doctor healthcare provider registry pain diaries patient assistance programs helpful links & organizations insurance & disability health insurance disability insurance social security disability insurance talking with your employer about ic/bps handicapped parking permits support & community us support groups online support groups voices of hope blog caregiver support support group leader kit general health & lifestyle advice exercise managing stress sleep & ic/bps public restroom & travel tips ic/bps on budget intimacy and ic/bps quitting smoking urological diseases databases and registries right column 






















tips and tools to help interstitial cystitis (ic) patients manage ic symptoms, including lifestyle changes to over-the-counter ic products. the interstitial cystitis association (ica) is your comprehensive source of living with ic!









news left column news updates ica update magazine ica enews right column 

























														ic awareness month: celebrating 40 years of dedication and community support											


			october 1, 2024	
















get involved left column join us for ic awareness month! ways to give donate online set up monthly giving planned gifts and estate planning donor advised funds donor stock transfer instructions ic/bps charity in combined federal campaign corporate payment form donor benefits and how donations are used advertising options fundraise create a community fundraiser create a facebook fundraiser ic awareness walks advocate ic awareness month proclamation requests participate in ic/bps advocacy meet locally with your legislators find ic/bps support online support community local support groups participate in clinical trials clinical trial recruitment for healthcare providers healthcare provider toolkit purchase brochures host an event for corporate partners corporate partner prospectus sponsor an ica event join the ica medical advisory council right column 






















we need your help to help us achieve our mission of improving the quality of healthcare and lives of people living with interstitial cystitis (ic). explore the ways you can help!









about left column mission, vision, & our promise to you board of directors ica medical advisory council annual reports 990 and audited financials about our founder contact us right column 






















ica advocates for interstitial cystitis (ic) research dedicated to discovery of a cure and better treatments, raises awareness, and serves as a central hub for the healthcare providers, researchers and millions of patients who suffer with ic.









shop










 















living with pelvic and bladder pain can be difficult.
we are here to help.










i want to… register for monthly webinars learn about ic/bps treatments find information about the ic/bps diet find support























 
 











we are a nonprofit with one mission:
ensure efficient diagnosis and optimal care for people affected by ic/bps



we do this through: 
















advocacy



ica advocacy efforts empower people affected by ic/bps around the country and the world, teaching them to become self-advocates for their healthcare needs. 


										view our policy priorities									















education



ica’s educational programs raise awareness of ic/bps and empower those affected to change lives. 


										learn more about ic/bps									















community



ica provides support communities for those affected by ic/bps. 


										learn more about how you can be a part of the ica community.									

































news & features

























														ic awareness month: celebrating 40 years of dedication and community support											


			october 1, 2024	



















														help shape the future of ic/bps											


			october 1, 2024	



















														continue raising awareness about ic/bps!											


			october 1, 2024	






































get the latest ic news sent to you:



































1













ica update magazine



an award-winning magazine with in-depth stories about ic research, treatment, and lifestyle issues.  







donate $50 to ica to subscribe












2













sign up for enews



sign up for the free ica enews to keep abreast of the latest news and stories, and learn about ic community events. 







sign up




















get involved
















organize a fundraiser



by planning an event, you can bring awareness to your community, share your personal story, and raise critical funds all while making a significant impact supporting the ica. 













become an advocate



by planning an event, you can bring awareness to your community, share your personal story, and raise critical funds all while making a significant impact supporting the ica. 













make a donation



by planning an event, you can bring awareness to your community, share your personal story, and raise critical funds all while making a significant impact supporting the ica. 













join or start a support group



by planning an event, you can bring awareness to your community, share your personal story, and raise critical funds all while making a significant impact supporting the ica. 

































popular resources





















foods to avoid


learn what foods can trigger ic flares 



 




















newly diagnosed toolkit


get answers and learn about treatment options 



 




















ic flares


what they are, common triggers, how to get relief, and how to avoid them 



 














































the ica was instrumental in me receiving the correct diagnosis. as a repository of evidence-based information, the ica has also been incredibly important in many of the treatment choices i have made over the years. beyond that, it has provided me with a connection to others who understand what it is like to live with this condition, the value of which is hard to put into words. 



- laura s.


 







read personal stories








































 
















sign up for ica enews:









join our email list














visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our instagram page





visit our youtube page





 






connect with us:





















interstitial cystitis association (ica)











355 s. teller st., suite 200 lakewood, co 80226
e-mail: icamail@ichelp.org
phone: 720.515.1411
donations:
po box 17522 baltimore, md 21297-1522
phone and email are not monitored 24/7. if you are experiencing a medical emergency, please call 911. if you are currently in distress, please consider contacting the suicide & crisis lifeline by dialing 988.











about the ica











the ica advocates for research dedicated to discovery of a cure and better treatments, raises awareness, and serves as a central hub for the healthcare providers, researchers and millions of patients who have interstitial cystitis.













corporate partners













 


 

platinum partner



 

 


 

leadership partner



 

 


 

patron partner



 

 


 

patron partner



 

 


 

junior patron partner



 

 


 

junior patron plus partner



 

 


 

junior patron plus partner



 


















© 2024 interstitial cystitis association. all rights reserved.
a charitable organization with 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status. federal id #13-3292137.











privacy policycontact










 

scroll to top 


























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

