




 





federal reserve bank of cleveland















skip to:


main navigation


main content


footer
















 





news & eventscareerssubscribe 


 
























 main menu
	

 back








indicators and data




we produce indicators and datasets to inform the public, policymakers, and researchers about economic conditions, including inflation, employment, and risks to the financial system.





inflation








median cpi




median pce inflation




inflation expectations




survey of firms' inflation expectations




inflation nowcasting




inflation charting




inflation 101







national economy








yield curve and gdp growth




simple monetary policy rules




systemic risk indicator




credit easing




all indicators







regional and community








summary of regional conditions and expectations (sorce)




small business credit survey 




community issues survey




opportunity occupations




home mortgage explorer






inflation questions?visit our center for inflation research for all things inflation—from general information on how inflation works and why it matters to the latest data and analysis on current inflationary trends.










research and analysis




our research informs the public and policymakers by examining economic issues of importance to those in our local communities, across the nation, and around the world.





research teams








economists




research analysts




center for inflation research




regional analysis




community development




small business credit survey




research home







publications




we publish research and analyses to keep audiences informed of economic trends in our region and nationwide. view latest releases or explore our archive.




economic commentaries




working papers




research in brief




community development reports




cleveland fed district data brief




president’s speeches




regional policy report




beige book




all publications







events








inflation: drivers and dynamics




financial stability conference




conversations on central banking




fedtalk




economic scholars program




all research events






inflation questions?visit our center for inflation research for all things inflation—from general information on how inflation works and why it matters to the latest data and analysis on current inflationary trends.










region and community




we represent and gather information from the fourth federal reserve district, spanning ohio and parts of pennsylvania, west virginia, and kentucky. these resources are useful for our region, the communities we serve, and communities across the united states.





our region




learn about our work to advance understanding of economic trends affecting the fourth district.




regional analysis




beige book




summary of regional conditions and expectations (sorce)




request a speaker







our communities








community development




advisory councils




small business credit survey







events




hear from local leaders and community development experts about economic problems their communities face and the solutions they are putting forth.




policy summit




fedtalk




all events







by topic




looking for the fed’s work on a particular subject? narrow your search to the areas that interest you.




economic conditions




housing and neighborhoods




labor markets and workforce




lending and access to credit




small business












education




learn economic basics, dive into inflation, and get educational resources and games for yourself or to share with others.





what’s new?




explore the latest educational resources from the cleveland fed—from interactive articles and video explainers to games.




infographics on inflation




inflation 101







financial literacy and career readiness




browse the cleveland fed’s suite of programs and resources for informative ways to learn about personal finance or career readiness.




career readiness




financial literacy curriculum




financial literacy resources







visits and tours




visit us to learn more about our history and our ongoing work to promote financial literacy throughout our region.




visit us






financial literacy curriculumlearn more about resources supporting required high school, middle school, and elementary school financial literacy courses.










banking and payments




we supervise financial institutions, support american consumers’ financial security, and maintain the financial stability and payment systems for the us treasury.





banking research and tools




the cleveland fed provides a range of tools for tracking trends in the lending environment.




small business credit survey




home mortgage explorer




systemic risk index







for consumers




learn about the resources we offer to help people in the community navigate the financial system.




protecting yourself from fraud




how to file a complaint




my financial institution's cra rating







for financial institutions




understand the various requirements for fed-chartered financial institutions and discover the range of services available to them—from cash services and reserve balance data to the discount window.




application filings and notices




submitting regulatory reports




discount window and collateral




reserve account management and payment system risk




cash services




all financial institution resources







supporting the financial system




find out how the cleveland fed supervises member banks to ensure financial-system stability and support the us treasury.




banking supervision




becoming a state member bank




community reinvestment act




payments systems research and engagement




supporting the us treasury




cybersecurity












about us




we serve the american people as part of the us central bank. we support the us economy and our region by studying economic conditions and issues that impact our communities, serving financial institutions, and providing economic education and resources for all.





our leadership




meet the individuals leading our mission, including the president and executive leadership team, advisory council members, and the boards of directors of each cleveland fed branch.




office of the president




officers




directors




advisory councils







who we are and what we do




the fed does more than inform monetary policy. learn about the mission, structure, and role of our organization, both regionally and nationally.




about the cleveland fed




understanding the federal reserve system




corporate governance and transparency







sharing our work




community outreach, education, and research are central to the fed’s mission. connect with us as we share our work, latest publications, and welcome you to visit our learning center.




visit us




fedtalk




financial literacy resources




speakers bureau




news and events




publications










news & events

careers

subscribe



 









indicators & data 







indicators and datawe produce indicators and datasets to inform the public, policymakers, and researchers about economic conditions, including inflation, employment, and risks to the financial system. 



 

inflationmedian cpimedian pce inflationinflation expectationssurvey of firms' inflation expectationsinflation nowcastinginflation chartinginflation 101 

 

national economyyield curve and gdp growthsimple monetary policy rulessystemic risk indicatorcredit easingall indicators 

 

regional and communitysummary of regional conditions and expectations (sorce)small business credit survey community issues surveyopportunity occupationshome mortgage explorer 



 









inflation questions?
visit our center for inflation research for all things inflation—from general information on how inflation works and why it matters to the latest data and analysis on current inflationary trends.











research & analysis 







research and analysisour research informs the public and policymakers by examining economic issues of importance to those in our local communities, across the nation, and around the world. 



 

research teamseconomistsresearch analystscenter for inflation researchregional analysiscommunity developmentsmall business credit surveyresearch home 

 

publicationswe publish research and analyses to keep audiences informed of economic trends in our region and nationwide. view latest releases or explore our archive.economic commentariesworking papersresearch in briefcommunity development reportscleveland fed district data briefpresident’s speechesregional policy reportbeige bookall publications 

 

eventsinflation: drivers and dynamicsfinancial stability conferenceconversations on central bankingfedtalkeconomic scholars programall research events 



 









inflation questions?
visit our center for inflation research for all things inflation—from general information on how inflation works and why it matters to the latest data and analysis on current inflationary trends.











region & community 







region and communitywe represent and gather information from the fourth federal reserve district, spanning ohio and parts of pennsylvania, west virginia, and kentucky. these resources are useful for our region, the communities we serve, and communities across the united states. 



 

our regionlearn about our work to advance understanding of economic trends affecting the fourth district.regional analysisbeige booksummary of regional conditions and expectations (sorce)request a speaker 

 

our communitiescommunity developmentadvisory councilssmall business credit survey 

 

eventshear from local leaders and community development experts about economic problems their communities face and the solutions they are putting forth.policy summitfedtalkall events 

 

by topiclooking for the fed’s work on a particular subject? narrow your search to the areas that interest you.economic conditionshousing and neighborhoodslabor markets and workforcelending and access to creditsmall business 









education 







educationlearn economic basics, dive into inflation, and get educational resources and games for yourself or to share with others. 



 

what’s new?explore the latest educational resources from the cleveland fed—from interactive articles and video explainers to games.infographics on inflationinflation 101 

 

financial literacy and career readinessbrowse the cleveland fed’s suite of programs and resources for informative ways to learn about personal finance or career readiness.career readinessfinancial literacy curriculumfinancial literacy resources 

 

visits and toursvisit us to learn more about our history and our ongoing work to promote financial literacy throughout our region.visit us 



 









financial literacy curriculum
learn more about resources supporting required high school, middle school, and elementary school financial literacy courses.











banking & payments 







banking and paymentswe supervise financial institutions, support american consumers’ financial security, and maintain the financial stability and payment systems for the us treasury. 



 

banking research and toolsthe cleveland fed provides a range of tools for tracking trends in the lending environment.small business credit surveyhome mortgage explorersystemic risk index 

 

for consumerslearn about the resources we offer to help people in the community navigate the financial system.protecting yourself from fraudhow to file a complaintmy financial institution's cra rating 

 

for financial institutionsunderstand the various requirements for fed-chartered financial institutions and discover the range of services available to them—from cash services and reserve balance data to the discount window.application filings and noticessubmitting regulatory reportsdiscount window and collateralreserve account management and payment system riskcash servicesall financial institution resources 

 

supporting the financial systemfind out how the cleveland fed supervises member banks to ensure financial-system stability and support the us treasury.banking supervisionbecoming a state member bankcommunity reinvestment actpayments systems research and engagementsupporting the us treasurycybersecurity 









about us 







about uswe serve the american people as part of the us central bank. we support the us economy and our region by studying economic conditions and issues that impact our communities, serving financial institutions, and providing economic education and resources for all. 



 

our leadershipmeet the individuals leading our mission, including the president and executive leadership team, advisory council members, and the boards of directors of each cleveland fed branch.office of the presidentofficersdirectorsadvisory councils 

 

who we are and what we dothe fed does more than inform monetary policy. learn about the mission, structure, and role of our organization, both regionally and nationally.about the cleveland fedunderstanding the federal reserve systemcorporate governance and transparency 

 

sharing our workcommunity outreach, education, and research are central to the fed’s mission. connect with us as we share our work, latest publications, and welcome you to visit our learning center.visit usfedtalkfinancial literacy resourcesspeakers bureaunews and eventspublications 






































share






























 











for updated regional data, go to the sorce
our newest indicator, the summary of regional conditions and expectations (sorce), offers a timely synopsis of economic activity in the fourth district.




explore the sorce








latest inflation numbers


view all indicators and data 









median cpi 






change in median cpi:
+0.3% in january 2025


change in 16% trimmed-mean cpi:
+0.4% in january 2025





 




see the data









inflation expectations 





10-year expected inflation: 2.46% 



 




see the data






 









president’s speech: show me the low inflation
president hammack spoke at a university of kentucky economic conference in lexington, kentucky, on february 11, 2025.









how does the fed pursue its dual mandate?
the latest installment of conversations on central banking discusses the evolution of the fed’s approach to supporting stable prices and maximum employment.









get the 2025 economic outlook from january fedtalk
view the video as our research director, ed knotek, discusses key economic indicators and what their readings suggest about the year ahead.





 







economic commentary

is high productivity growth returning?
economists find preliminary evidence that productivity may be on a higher growth trajectory, contributing to a faster pace of growth for the economy.




cleveland fed district data brief

postpandemic employment recovery in fourth district metro areas
employment recoveries have varied significantly among us metro areas since the start of the covid-19 pandemic. this district data brief compares the recoveries for metro areas of different sizes in the fourth district and across the united states.




research [in] brief

regional economic sentiment in the beige book: putting numbers to words
researchers aim to convert the text of anecdotal regional economic information in the beige book into numbers to test how useful this information is as a tool for forecasting us recessions.




cleveland fed district data brief

introduction to cleveland fed summary of regional conditions and expectations (sorce)
this district data brief introduces the cleveland fed summary of regional conditions and expectations (sorce) indexes, which provide a timely summary of economic conditions in the fourth federal reserve district.















research




 











economic commentaries




 











publications




 











the center for inflation research




 







a stable economy for all
that’s our goal at the cleveland fed. serving the fourth federal reserve district, we strive to ensure the health of our monetary system through our role in regulating financial institutions, and we promote education and community development through research and programming.




our work











leadership











history






 






work with us
looking for your next opportunity? we’re proud to be ranked a top place to work in northeast ohio. join us in our mission to strengthen the economic performance of the nation and our region and make a positive impact on the communities we serve. 




our careers




 


engaging and rewardingworking as a software developer for the bank in information technology is engaging and rewarding. i get to build valuable solutions for customers while working with a team who foster creativity, innovation, and learning. there is never a dull moment in it.

— frank cerny, software developer ii

 


 











 


federal reserve bank of cleveland



the cleveland fed is part of the federal reserve, the central bank of the united states. with offices in cleveland, cincinnati, and pittsburgh, we serve an area that comprises ohio, western pennsylvania, eastern kentucky, and the northern panhandle of west virginia. the goal of our work is to strengthen the economic performance of the nation and our region. learn more about us and what we do. 



cleveland office1455 east 6th streetcleveland, oh 44114216.579.2000 



cincinnati office150 east fourth streetcincinnati, oh 45202513.721.4787 



pittsburgh officeone oxford centre, suite 3000301 grant streetpittsburgh, pa 15219412.261.7800 


 

 

cleveland fed digest 






the latest from us, directly to you
sign up for our monthly newsletter to get the latest research, expert interviews, and upcoming events from the cleveland fed. 



                    subscribe
                

 

 

get answers to inflation questions 






inflation is complicated, so our experts help explain it
view the infographics on inflation series from the center for inflation research.







© 2025 federal reserve bank of clevelandcareersabout uscorporate governance and transparencyfraud awarenessprivacy policycontact us 





linkedin


facebook


cleveland fed on x twitter social media


instagram


youtube

 





© 2025 federal reserve bank of cleveland
 https://www.clevelandfed.org/


 
 



this website uses cookies to ensure the best user experience. by continuing use of our website, you agree to our privacy policy

 










