







reference for business - encyclopedia of small business, business biographies, business plans, and encyclopedia of american industries















toggle navigation














encyclopedia 

encyclopedia of small business
encyclopedia of business
encyclopedia of american industries
encyclopedia of management

other
business plans
trademark encyclopedia



history 

business biographies
company histories
company histories part 2
leading american businesses


forum
 













home





encyclopedia of small business 
encyclopedia of business 
business biographies 
business plans 
encyclopedia of american industries 
encyclopedia of management 
company histories 
company histories part 2 
leading american businesses 
trademark encyclopedia 

our encyclopedia
      of small business is a comprehensive and easily
      accessible reference source for entrepreneurs that
      demand practical information that can be applied to
      their own business.  small business owners can
      browse over the 600 articles that detail information
      about financial planning, market analysis, sales,
      business plans, tax planning, human resource issues and
      more.
our business
      biographies are a superb tool for biographical
      information of industry leaders worldwide.  we have
      over 600 in-depth essays that cover each individual's
      biographical information, career paths, achievements,
      leadership strategies and management styles.
the business
      plans section is composed of actual business plans
      written by entrepreneurs in north america who are
      seeking financing for their business. this is a great
      resource for anybody needing examples on how to
      structure, compose, and write their own business plans. 
finally, the
      encyclopedia of american industries is a comprehensive
      guide to industries in every realm of american business.
      we cover 459 manufacturing industries, and have over 500
      essays about non-manufacturing and service industries.






copyright 2006 the gale group inc. all rights reserved.  •  terms & privacy  •   website © 2025 advameg, inc.










