






nmsbdc | to develop skilled entrepreneurs and strong businesses

















































  











 





















home
about us

overview
statewide advisory board
annual report


locations

alamogordo
albuquerque
carlsbad
clovis
española
farmington
gallup
grants
hobbs
las cruces
las vegas
los alamos
los lunas
roswell
santa fe
silver city
taos
sbdc tca at nm tech
tucumcari


faq

sbdc faq


resources / partners

overview
new mexico resources
federal resources


partner events
contact us










followfollow















our services

business plan development
access to capital
financials & bookkeeping
human resources issues
taxes
marketing
government contracting
international trade
special programs
cyber security
disaster preparedness


starting a business
existing businesses
success stories
sbdc workshops / events
counseling























 












español



helping new mexico small businesses

start, grow, and succeed!







getcounseling

if you’ve got questions, we’ve got answers! assistance with all of your small business matters, the new mexico sbdc is here to help you build a strong business and develop your entrepreneurial skills through our individualized no-cost counseling.




register for no-cost business counseling 






viewtrainings

a successful small business does not happen by chance, it takes a skilled entrepreneur to navigate the ever-changing global marketplace. learn the secrets to small business success through live trainings from the new mexico sbdc!




register for low or no-cost business trainings 











sba updates





click the link below concerning the 2024 roswell severe storm and flooding declared disaster.
business recover center closure notice
business recovery center closure notice (spanish)
application filing deadline:
physical damage: january 2, 2025.   economic injury: august 1, 2025

sba will accept all disaster loan applications up to 60 days after the filing deadline
if approved, you’re not obligated to take a loan
you don’t have to wait for your insurance to settle.
all sba disaster loans have a 12-month deferment and not interest accrues during this time. 
applicants may increase their loans by up to 20% of verified physical damages to add mitigation measures to their primary residence or businesses.

applicants may apply online and receive additional disaster assistance information at sba.gov/disaster. applicants may also call sba’s customer service center at (800) 659-2955 or email disastercustomerservice@sba.gov for more information on sba disaster assistance. for people who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have a speech disability, please dial 7-1-1 to access telecommunications relay services.







business resources







international trade
the international business accelerator is a one-stop shop of resources for new mexican businesses and individuals wishing to introduce their product or service into the global market.




learn more







government contracting
providing assistance to small businesses who want to sell their goods or services to the government, educational institutions, or tribal entities.




learn more







technology commercialization
ideas and inventions require many steps to develop, protect, and monetize; however, understanding these steps should not prevent you from succeeding. the sbdc tca offers no-cost, confidential counseling regarding intellectual property.




learn more







environmental regulations
protecting your workplace, employees, and customers against potential health and safety threats, including the prevention of the transmission of covid-19 and other communicable diseases.




learn more












							there are no upcoming events at this time.
	













e

view full calendar





 

























home
about us
contact us
intranet
















funded in part through a cooperative agreement with the u.s. small business administration.

powered by real time solutions website design & document management



 


















manage cookie consent






we use cookies to view and analyze site usage statistics.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
preferences
save preferences
preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 































































 


