
















shasta college













 













02/13/2025


							upcoming holiday hours 						



upcoming holiday hours - presidents' day weekend
all shasta college campuses will be closed on friday, february 14, and monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of lincoln day and washington day.
regular hours will resume on tuesday, february 18, 2025. 







close alert





skip to main content









shasta college
















shasta portal























open menu


















shasta college









start your tomorrow, today! register now for classes.




apply now











explore programs











apply to graduate

















find your path
start here
explore your interests and discover the right path for your future. get started by choosing the description that best fits your educational and/or career development needs.





new & returning students








current students








pursue college credits in high school








career education and development








community education & training













not sure what you want to do?our counselors are here to help.












back to home




whether you're starting fresh or returning to continue your journey, we’re here to support you every step of the way! 








explore your interest/find your program

										discover your passions and explore various interest areas to find the career path that's right for you.									









apply online

										ready to get started? apply easily through cccapply and take the first step toward your education at shasta college.									









apply for financial aid

										apply for financial aid to help fund your education with scholarships, grants, and loans. start your journey toward affordable learning today!									









new student orientation

										start your college journey with confidence! our new student orientation will help you navigate campus, connect with resources, and set you up for success.									









counseling

										get personalized support and guidance with our counseling services, helping you navigate academic, career, and personal challenges.									









student resources

										access a variety of resources to support your academic success, well-being, and personal growth throughout your college experience.									









not sure what you want to do?our counselors are here to help.







close













back to home




as a current student, you have access to a range of resources to help you succeed—stay connected and make the most of your college experience! 








apply for financial aid

										apply for financial aid to access scholarships, grants, and loans that can help make your education more affordable. start your application today!									









register for classes

										ready to take the next step? browse available courses and register today to secure your spot for the upcoming term!									









student resources

										explore a variety of resources designed to support your academic success, personal growth, and well-being. find tools, guides, and services to help you thrive!									









counseling

										need to talk to a counselor? schedule an appointment with one today!									









transfer center

										planning to transfer to a csu, uc, out-of-state or private school? shasta college has the services and resources to help you take your next step.									









student forms

										quickly find, complete, and submit necessary forms to stay on top of your academic progress.									









not sure what you want to do?our counselors are here to help.







close













back to home




kick start your higher education by enrolling in college-level courses while still in high school. learn more about your options.
  








concurrent enrollment

										​earn college units while still in high school and get a head start on your college degree.									









dual enrollment

										gain access to college level coursework while attending high school. all classes are located on high school campuses throughout the district.									









college connection

										attend shasta college as a high school senior and earn high school and college credits.									









gateway to college

										an alternative education program that allows you to complete your high school graduation requirements at shasta.									









not sure what you want to do?our counselors are here to help.







close













back to home




explore the ways that shasta college can help you gain knowledge and develop technical skills to further your workplace and career opportunities. 








career services

										fulfill your working potential through career and technical education and training at shasta college.									









career counseling

										get the support you need to launch your career! career services offers job search assistance, resume reviews, interview prep, and more to help you succeed.									









career technical education

										prepare for a successful career with hands-on training in high-demand fields. our cte programs offer skills that lead directly to employment opportunities.									









apprenticeships

										earn while you learn with our apprenticeship programs, gaining hands-on experience and building career skills.									









work experience

										gain real-world experience and bridge the gap between classroom learning and career success.									









non-credit education

										noncredit education offers free classes and certificates to build foundational skills and ease the transition to credit programs or employment.									









not sure what you want to do?our counselors are here to help.







close













back to home




browse community education classes and business training workshops available to the public. 








community education

										discover a passion, find a calling, develop your skill set, create a career, raise your awareness, satisfy your curiosity, or find your bliss - at community ed.									









business training center

										partnering with businesses to design specialized workforce training unique to your business and employees' needs.									









shield training center

										gain essential skills in law enforcement, fire training, and emergency response at the shield training center.									









adult education

										enhance your skills and achieve your goals with our adult education programs, offering flexible learning options for personal and professional growth.									









other community education opportunities

										explore a variety of community education opportunities designed to enrich your personal and professional life through workshops, classes, and events.									









not sure what you want to do?our counselors are here to help.







close








more than a jumping off point.
knight life
make the most of your time here. explore the many ways to get involved at shasta college.







17
intercollegiate athletic teams













31
clubs & organizations















follow @shastacollege on instagram










follow @shastacollege on instagram







facilities.
transportation.
food.


find all the info you need to live your best life as a shasta student.



the hub


































attending a four-year college straight after high school would have been financially impossible for me. shasta gave me the education, classes, and skills i needed to pursue my career path without the burden of financial debt.


marie schall '14, san jose state university '16 & m.s. '19



















119
programs


89
degrees


47
certificates




tests and quizzes are hard enough. with so many program options, we make finding your path to those challenges easy.




find a program

















related news & events
keep up with the latest news & events from the knight community.














finish line scholar


				knights stories featuring hannah, shasta college knight			














fearless advocate


				knights stories featuring winterlude, shasta college knight			




















shasta college














11555 old oregon trail


p.o. box 496006


redding
ca
96049-6006








530-242-7500






contact us


 



social navigation navigation








facebook








twitter








linkedin








instagram








youtube



 






policies & resources




about




directory




campuses & directions




bookstore




non-discrimination statement




title ix




campus safety




accreditation




employment opportunity




join a board meeting




public notices




en español


















footer navigation




privacy policy




terms of use




accessibility





©
shasta college 2025












shasta college









site navigation






admissions & registration











apply to shasta college




how to enroll




register for classes




dates & deadlines




california virtual campus




student id card




search courses & sections




myshasta for students




high school students




international students




residency information




maintenance allowance




forms for students




transcripts




auditing a course




student feedback form




need help with registration?




contact us









cost & financial aid











apply for financial aid




2024-25 fafsa changes




types of financial aid




cost of attendance




tuition & fees




disbursement schedule / bankmobile disbursements




overpayment & return to title iv




financial aid workshops & events




satisfactory academic progress (sap) & appeal process




programs not eligible for aid




shasta college promise program




college corps




financial wellness resources




california virtual campus




1098t tax forms




forms for students




student feedback form




looking for assistance?




contact us









academics











tutoring & learning centers




interest areas




find your program




accelerated college program




bachelor's degree programs




online learning




divisions & departments




high school programs




noncredit education




ascent




search courses & sections




academic calendar 2024-2025




course catalog 2024-2025




spring catalog addendum 2024-2025




academic calendars




course catalogs & class schedules




curricunet for course outlines









counseling











services




academic counselors by interest areas




schedule counseling appointments




zoom drop-in counseling




credit for prior learning




new student online orientation




placement for high school students & below




english/esl & math placement and ab 705




career exploration resources




career counseling




academic notice and pause




frequently asked questions




for first-time, full-time students




for high school counselors




testing center




transfer center




transfer credit from other colleges/universities




campus tours




student feedback form




contact academic counselors









student resources











the basic needs resource center




student life




support programs & services




campus centers




campus resources




community resources




current students




student parents (students with minor dependents)




student lingo




student feedback form




request technology support








shasta portal







shasta portal





utility navigation




about




news




events




library




ask a knight




athletics




campuses




bookstore




directory




campus maps




virtual campus tour




en español










search


submit










information for




current students




faculty & staff




the community




student parents (students with minor dependents)









ways to give








 







