














louisiana tech university










































 



















×






louisiana tech university home page

























































  

home
about
academic calendar
academics

undergraduate
graduate
international
honors college
air force rotc
army rotc


admissions
shreveport-bossier
life on campus

events
first-year experience
residential life
intramural sports & recreation
student organizations
athletic news & events


current students

academic calendar
tech express
student advancement / affairs
registrar’s office
financial aid
workday
canvas
faculty enlight
webmail
google gsuite
microsoft 365
it helpdesk


library

digital commons


faculty & staff

center for instructional technology
forms
canvas instructions
tech 2020
university senate
workday login
webmail login
faculty enlight
canvas login
zoom login
mediasite login
google apps
microsoft 365
it helpdesk
incident reporting form


research and partnerships

research centers of excellence
intellectual property and commercialization
office of sponsored projects
research compliance


athletics
alumni
bookstore
employment opportunities
 







menu






return to louisiana tech university home page




















































apply give





 















 




p

request information

 
 
 




apply now

 
 
 




visit campus

 
 
 




academic programs

 
 
 
 
 



our university
louisiana tech is a top tier national university with more than 135 degree programs to align with individuals’ interests and aspirations. tech faculty are on the cutting-edge of research and innovation which provides students with ample opportunity to engage in hands-on learning experiences that lead to post-graduation marketability.
 
 

our students
students enjoy college life while cheering on the bulldogs and lady techsters in ncaa division i competition and through hundreds of student organizations from club sports to pre-professional to the most niche of interests.
 
 

our home
ruston, with its small-town charm and stunning outdoor recreation opportunities, provides a pristine setting for learning. whether you are one of more than 113,000 ever loyal tech alumni or thinking about becoming part of the tech family, we are glad you’re here.
 
 
 
 





 

distance learning can happen anytime and anywhere. whether you’re changing careers or looking to move up the ladder, tech online offers a wealth of programs created for your success.
 
explore tech online

 
 
 



academic excellenceour studios, labs, and classrooms are places of innovation, where students work side-by-side with faculty members to achieve excellence.
learn more

 

visit campusfrom the minute you step foot on campus, you’ll see how special it is to be a member of the tech family. schedule a tour to see our campus today.
learn more

 
 
 



latest news
 






vincent appointed to nsf committee to advance stem education

louisiana tech university associate dean for research, outreach, and innovation lindsey vincent was appointed to the national science foundation’s (nsf) edu advisory committee, where she will bring her expertise in stem education and workforce development... 
read more  

 
 





ltri professionally developing students through cyber technology practitioner program

louisiana tech university was awarded a grant to create a workforce development program to fill critical needs in the cybersecurity industry sector. the cyber technology practitioner program (ctpp), under the direction of warren ward and the louisiana... 
read more  

 
 





caldorera-moore appointed as coes associate dean of undergraduate studies

the louisiana tech university college of engineering and science (coes) announces the appointment of dr. mary caldorera-moore as the new associate dean of undergraduate studies. following an extensive search process that involved input from a committee of... 
read more  

 
 
 
 
 

upcoming events
 
events @ techconcerts? talks? academic events? visit our calendar for a list of all university events.
view events

 
 
  


 
 
 



apply now
visit
academic programs
jobs
contact
report an incident
campus safety statistics
 



facebook




instagram




youtube




twitter


 
copyright © 2025 · louisiana tech university · 318.257.2000 · ruston, la 71272
department of testing & disability services · accessibility · privacy statement · eeo statement
title ix/power-based violence
webpage problems? contact web@latech.edu
member of the university of louisiana system 

 
 
 








