




bibleworks

a special note to our friends
bibleworks served the church for 26 years by  providing a suite of professional tools aimed at enabling students of the word  to “rightly divide the word of truth”. but it became increasingly apparent  over time that the need for our services had diminished to the  point where we believed the lord would have us use our gifts in other ways. as of june 15, 2018 bibleworks ceased operation as a provider  of bible software tools. we made this announcement with sadness, but also with  gratitude to god and thankfulness to a multitude of faithful users who have  stayed with us for a large part of their adult lives. 
"the grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our god shall stand for ever (isa. 40:8)."
		  

support for bibleworks 9 and bibleworks 10 (2/7/2025)
 please read these instructions carefully. requests that do not follow them precisely will not be processed. i receive lots of requests and have to automate part of the process. the e-mail subject must have your bw serial number followed by a space followed by your name, and nothing else. when you enter the serial number double chcek it against the one you used to install the program. and make sure you do not enter the letter o instead of the number 0. also i cannot help with versions earlier than bw9.
we will continue to provide sufficient support to enable owners of the most recent versions of bibleworks to continue to use the program on windows and reinstall it on new devices as needed. this applies only to bibleworks 9 and bibleworks 10. earlier versions are not supported. if you need to reinstall bibleworks on a new computer please proceed as follows:

please keep in mind that i have limited time to process activation requests. you must follow the instructions below exactly or i cannot respond. please also keep in mind that you must have the original distribution media (cd or iso file). if you do not have them, i cannot provide them for you.

to reinstall and activate bibleworks 9 or 10 please first send a message to activation@bibleworks.com. the subject line should contain only the bibleworks serial number followed by your name. it will be something like "bw10-####-####-####-#### my name" or "bw90-####-####-####-#### my name". in the body of the text please include any proof of purchase information that you have, including the source and date of purchase. you are free to ask questions or make special appeals in this e-mail, but please understand that i cannot provide support for program usage issues. i may or may not respond to questions or requests. please understand that i no longer have any support staff to help with this. keep in mind that the youtube  library of instructional videos is still available. see bibleworks instructional videos. 

if all goes well you will receive one or more files in a single zip file. they will be provided in an e-mail attachment or in some cases via a link to a zip file. download the files and put them in a safe place. windows may lock these files, as it often does with files copied from external sources. check each file one by one by right-clicking on the file and selecting properties. if the file is locked, you will see an indication of that fact at the botton of the properties window. click on the appropriate box to unlock the file and click apply. 

install bibleworks using the distribution media provided when you purchased the program. then start bibleworks and when you see the activation screen, close the program. then copy the files which you just downloaded into your bibleworks root folder and start bibleworks. you should now be good to go indefinitely. but please back up these new files and your original distribution media. they cannot be replaced.
please do not give your serial number to anyone else. and do not give the downloaded files to other users. they will work only with your installation. please note that your name, serial number and e-mail address are embedded  (and encrypted) in the executable(s). your name (but not your e-mail address) will appear in the about box. this cannot be changed. so when you share the files they can be traced back to you. all of this will hopefully discourage piracy, which is still a problem after all these years. bibleworks contains a lot of material that is still copyrighted by dozens of companies. please respect copyright laws. 
		   
