



home - imprintitems.com custom printed promotional products

 





























custom printed promotional products and giveaways with your imprinted logo or personalized message.
























651.638.2222
sales@imprintitems.com





menu
menu

home
651.638.2222
sales@imprintitems.com






home


order


contact


customer reviews


artwork


policy


blog


sale items


 












categories



awards trophies


rush production


sale items


airplanes and gliders


balsa planes




awards and gifts 


drink ware / glass ware / crystal glasses


corporate/elegant gifts




awareness items


aids / hiv awareness  items (red ribbon)


breast cancer awareness items




bags & totes


backpacks


briefcases


coin purses / coin pouch


computer cases


fannypack / hip pack bags


insulated lunch bags / coolers


laundry bags, laundry tote, dirty clothes sack


paper bags


plastic bags


tote bags




balloons and balloon accessories


buttons


blinking / flashing buttons


celluloid buttons / pins


litho tabs / buttons




calendars


calendar magnets


wall calendars and planners




car & travel accessories


slip-n-grip custom printed automotive floor mats


travel first aid kits




chair and seat covers


clothing and apparel


shirts & apparel w/ full color & full coverage imprints


apparel catalogs 


apparel & clothing - our top picks


bandannas / bandanas


caps and hats


custom knit in caps / hats / earbands / scarf - woven designs


paper / plastic / cardstock headgear


sandals and flip flops 


wristbands




drinkware


beaker mugs, flask mugs and other laboratory glassware / products


bottle insulators / coolers


can coolers/insulators


coffee mugs and ceramic cups


nalgene brand 


water bottles / sports bottle




electronics


portable chargers and power banks for smartphones and tablets


laser pointers


smart phone / smartphone / cell phone accessories




eco friendly and recycled products


eco-friendly promotional products


eco-friendly bags, grocery bags, and totes


made from recycled materials




food & edibles


beef jerky


printed cookies 


candies and mints


popcorn & popcorn accessories




healthcare products


ppe & wellness / health awareness


opioid addiction & prescription drug abuse 


amsler grid tests


anti-bacterial products


baby / infant / new born / toddler products


healthcare charts, cards, and calculators


tissues, facial tissue packs, tissue boxes


pedometers


pill holders / pill boxes / pill containers / pill orginizers


medical, body part and healthcare themed shaped stress balls/relievers




home accessories


kitchen accessories


made in the usa kitchen knives and utensils






holidays, festivals and celebrations


holiday cards


holiday / christmas ornaments


cinco de mayo


halloween




key chains / keychains


floating key chains / boat keychains / keyrings that float


bottle opener key chains / keychains


custom shape keychains / die cut key chains




lanyards


lapel pins


lapel pins - custom


flashing / blinking  lapel pins


patriotic lapel pins


awareness ribbon lapel pins


achievements / awards / recognition lapel pins




light bulb shaped items


made in the usa / america


magnets


office supplies and accessories


id card products & card holders


rubber bands / rubberband dispensers


binder clips, paperclips and paper clip holders


letter openers




personal amenities


stress balls and stress relievers


massagers


watches


personal / handheld fans




post-it® notes and sticky notes


rectangles & squares post-it® notes


post-it® note cubes


die cut shapes post-it® notes


angle cut post-it® note pads




table covers


tools


pocket knives


tape measures


multi tools




toys, games and puzzles


custom puzzles and games


frisbee ® type flyers / flying discs


inflatable beach balls / beachballs


piggy banks, coin banks and savings banks


rubber ducks




spanish products


sports


baseball and softball 


basketball


cheerleading, school spirit & sports fans items


fishing


football


golf


hockey


pom poms


skateboards surfboards and snowboards


soccer


sports water bottles 


stopwatches / timers


tennis


volleyball




pens pencils highlighters


pens w/ multi-color inks (4-color, 10-color, etc) 


top pick promotional pencils


top pick promotional pens


shaped / bent & molded pens and pencils 


permanent markers and dry erase markers


highlighters






business hours:
9am - 5pm cst
monday - friday



don't see what you're looking for? 








need it asap?we have over 900 products that can be printed and delivered in 2 days.
we offer rush services on almost all of products, but these rush service items can ship out in as little as 1 working day. our staff will help setup shipping that gets them to you when you need them, without paying more than you have to.





                    rush productsget it fast!
                







nalgene brand water bottles
nalgene bottles have been the standard for quality, durable water bottles for years. now you can get them custom printed with your branding.





                    nalgene water bottles
                







clothing & apparel
see our staff picks for shirts, t's, hats, hoodies, jackets, polos, sweatshirts and more. free digitizing on select cap orders.





                    clothing and apparel
                







great pricing on post-it notes
post-it notes are a great value as promotional product, offering high exposure with very low costs. who throws away a post-it note? we offer aggressive pricing on a wide selection post-it note pads, die cut shaped pads and post-it note cubes.





                    post-it® notesbest pricing!
                





 compare and be glad you did!
other promotional products suppliers may take any order just to make a buck. imprintitems.com uses only time-tested manufacturers to be sure that you get what you want. that means fresh ink in pens and fresh batteries in electronics. we won't let you buy an inferior product unless you insist on it.
if you are looking for an item, give us a shot. we only need to know what you are looking for, quantity and budget. we will give you a prompt presentation via email.
see what you have been missing; let us show you all of your options.
speak with the owner, not some phone room in timbuk tu
corporate conglomerates may be able to answer your call twenty-four hours a day, but at imprintitems.com, you'll speak with a professional with vast knowledge of custom promotional products. we have multiple warehouses throughout the country with a wide array of products. if you need your item a week from now in north platte, nebraska, we can check inventory from the nearest location and save you a boatload in shipping costs.
many times you will speak with me, jon, the owner (this is not a glamorous title).
we will make suggestions to meet your unique needs rather than simply fill an order.
let us take care of the gritty details
we partner with the best manufacturers, babysitting your order until you are satisfied. you don't need reference numbers to check the status of your order; simply contact us for a prompt report. our expectations of our suppliers is very high. we act as your best advocate.
you name it, we have it
sure, we imprint traditional promotional products like pens, mugs, and shirts. but we've also imprinted truly unique items like walnuts, dimpled golf balls, and stuffed animal pirate parrots. if you need it, we will find it. we have niches of unique items that most promotional sales companies can't find. at minimum, we offer the largest selection. we have the latest technologies to find what you are looking for in the time frame you require. give us your theme, target audience, and budget, and we will promptly offer you a brainstorming presentation to begin a dialogue.
rush orders? no problem
one of our promotional products counselors, working with the manufacturer's availability and your needs , will suggest printed logo merchandise to meet your delivery date. if we cannot meet your requirements, we will notify you immediately--not after you expected the product in your hands.
mock ups and electronic proofs
an electronic paper proof will be emailed at no charge as part of the order process within two business days after the order has been placed. if you are not satisfied with the layout, we will work with you to make the mockup to your expectations.  if for some reason we can not make the mock up to your satisfaction we will gladly refund you order less art fee, and let you simply cancel, for certain!
have a theme? let us help
imprintitems.com offers promotional items to meet almost any theme. we have thousands of shapes in magnets, key rings, bent pens and pencils, and stress balls, not to mention the endless options with screen-printed apparel! need a theme? we can be your sloganeer / jingle writer. we know the power of finding the right promotional product . for example, if you are going to a trade show with the theme "blasting off to new heights", you will certainly draw more traffic and get more return on your investment if you are giving out rockets that shoot with a rubber strap 90 feet in the air than if you are just sitting in your booth giving out square magnets.
free embroidery set up - just ask
while some companies will charge up to $250 for an embroidered logo, we will help you avoid this cost. with us, you pay no setup fee for any order of 72 or more pieces. in smaller orders, the garment price often includes the logo. additionally, we have over 5,500 embroidery logos in stock that can be used with your customized lettering at no additional fee.
when it comes to screen-printed garments, the competition hates us!
we offer a two-year warranty on garments and printing, free screens and setups, and the largest selection of brands and styles of any supplier. we never use inferior or irregular shirts and we always use the best inks available. rush orders pose no threat. most importantly, if all you have is a cocktail napkin, we can turn your sketch into a design anyone would be glad to wear. we are told regularly that on larger t-shirt orders we beat the competitor's prices hands-down . it's not uncommon that someone checking prices on a few hundred t-shirts has been unable to find another shirt price within $1 per unit of ours. if you are an east coast group, you may be amazed at how much you can save by ordering your printed shirts and other clothing from the midwest.
full service logo design - cheap!
it doesn't matter if your design is as simple as a football with lettering or as complex as a fat snowman shouldering your logo on a skateboard. provide us with a sketch or description, and we will produce it for you. further, if your design in the wrong file format, typically we can convert your logo for no more than $20 with a placed order.
company presentations made easy
we will gladly set up a presentation page of available products for your logo or marketing message . make imprintitems.com the one-stop shop for all of your groups, clubs, or departments! we will offer free brainstorming of ideas that meet your specifications. if you require many or ongoing brainstorming presentations, we will bill a minimal fee for new clients and nothing at all for established clients. advertising and marketing agencies often take our presentations directly to their clients.
easy payment
credit card payments are accepted on our ssl secured payment system or you are welcome to pay directly through paypal. we will also take wire transfers from clients outside the united states. universities, hospitals, government agencies, school districts, and established accounts may make purchases with a purchase order, subject to advance approval.
collegiate concepts, inc.
imprintitems.com is your authorized asi promotional product and advertising specialty distributor. we specialize in bulk, custom-printed products for everyone. collegiate concepts, inc. is the parent company of imprintitems.com and is located and incorporated in central minnesota in the heart of the midwest. if you are looking for an imprinted product , give us a shot. we have a history of satisfied clients. check out our kudos page to see testimonials from some of our customers. we appreciate your interest and look forward to helping you with your promotional product needs.
 



featured items on sale! 
custom printed post-it® notes

top selling pens

water bottles / sports bottles
stainless steel & aluminum bottles
nalgene & camelbak brands

full color dye-sublimation apparel
on sale!
vacuum insulated stainless steel tumbler

clothing & apparel - top picks!
on sale! 
collapsible insulator
as low as $0.59
on sale! 
custom printed microwave
popcorn bags

caps and hats

environmentally friendly products
on sale! 
balsa airplanes

portable chargers / powerbanks

united states flag lapel pins
high quality enamel
in stock ships same day!
 







 home
         |             order
         |             contact
         |             customer reviews
         |             artwork
         |             policy
         |             blog



copyright © 2025 www.imprintitems.com 
				

ph: 651-638-2222
				email: sales@imprintitems.com










×
full-text search notes



to start your search close this window, enter your search terms, and hit enter or click the go button. 
you can use the following optional parameters to narrow your search.

all words entered must be present for a product to be shown
	example:  would require results to have pen and ballpoint present.
put " | " (with spaces) in between words for "or"
	example:  would show results that have pen as well as ballpoint or felt present.
- a leading minus sign (no space) indicates that this word must not be present in each result.
	example:  would require results to have the term pen but would exclude results that have the term gel.
"the phrase", which is enclosed in double quotes, matches only rows that contain this phrase literally, as it was typed.
	example:  would include "large ballpoint pen in silver" but would exclude "pen with ballpoint tip".




ok




