





matthews international corporation (matw)


























 


matthews international corporation



open search













home

about


overview


our culture


our history


our leadership


board of directors




businesses


industrial technologies


memorialization


sgk brand solutions




esg


overview


resources




news & media


in the news


press releases




investors


overview


news & events


company info


financial info


stock data


sec filings


 governance


esg


presentations




careers


contact

 



search

search






 





celebrating 175 years
matthews international, founded in 1850 by john dixon matthews, evolved from a small engraving shop in pittsburgh to a global leader in innovation. celebrating 175 years, the company reflects on its heritage of quality and craftsmanship, while embracing new technologies like ai and sustainable energy, ensuring a forward-looking, pioneering future.  about our legacy








 





industrial technologies: our growth & innovation segment
“never in my more than twenty years with matthews, have i been more excited and energized by the possibilities that lie ahead for us. our investments in technology and key partnerships encouraged new thinking that now is creating unimagined potential for our future.”
⎼ joe bartolacci, president & ceo  about industrial technologies








 





powerful technologies for the energy and storage industry
as an innovative full-service provider of calender and rotary processing systems, we have decades of experiences in the energy and storage market. our energy solutions include both the development and optimization of manufacturing processes for hydrogen fuel cell components, as well as advanced specialty equipment for the production of lithium-ion batteries and capacitors.  about matthews saueressig energy








 





breakthrough technology in coding and marking solutions
innovations in industrial inkjet technology and high-performance inks that improve reliability and reduce cost of ownership up to 75%. industry-leading software-driven automation to facilitate and accelerate branding, traceability and regulatory compliance solutions for industrial and consumer products.  about matthews product identification








 





dynamic warehouse automation optimizes ecommerce fulfillment
leading brands partner with matthews automation solutions for best-of-breed material handling systems, software and controls that improve speed, quality, and efficiency within their omnichannel distribution and fulfillment centers.  about matthews automation solutions


















what we do
our products, high-tech tools, and sophisticated services make us a leader in industrial automation technologies, memorialization products, and brand solutions. we transform inspired possibilities into inspiring realities for clients in varied industries around the globe. about matthews




















industrial technologies
the inspiration to push the boundaries of industrial technology solutions
our original marking products business has evolved into our industrial technologies business segment, which today designs, manufactures, services and distributes high-tech custom energy storage, marking, coding and industrial automation technologies and solutions.
view segment 


















matthews memorialization
the inspiration to make a difference in  moments where it matters most
matthews memorialization is committed to helping families move from grieving to remembrance by providing products of superior craftsmanship, in addition to helping customers grow their businesses via revenue-generating programs and services.
view segment


view video 


















sgk brand solutions
the inspiration to simplify marketing to amplify brands
we simplify marketing, so marketers can amplify their brands and grow. we bring clarity, purpose and results to brand-building. from positioning to production. experiences to execution. and consulting to creative.

view segment


view video 












explore new ways of working and thinking
to spark inspiration and imagination and turn that into the innovation that forwards our craft. join our team














latest news










feb 14, 2025
matthews international announces significant governance enhancements

matthews international announces significant governance enhancements: view press release





feb 14, 2025
matthews international to sell remaining operating businesses within sgk brand solutions for $50 million

matthews international to sell remaining operating businesses within sgk brand solutions for $50 million: view press release





feb 12, 2025
matthews international highlights support from investment community following fiscal 2025 first quarter earnings announcement

matthews international highlights support from investment community following fiscal 2025 first quarter earnings announcement: view press release





view all news








email alerts
receive updates straight into your inbox 



sign up today











investor relations



 


 

view corporate presentation
view investor relations















privacy policy
workplace privacy policy
disclaimer
sitemap
terms & conditions


        			© 2025 matthews international corporation. all rights reserved.
        		









                    market data copyright © 2025 quotemedia. data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). rt=real-time, eod=end of day, pd=previous day. market data powered by quotemedia. terms of use.
                    













