





fly with australia’s most popular airline | qantas


























































































































skip to contentmenusingapore (english)argentina (english)australia (english)austria (english)belgium (english)brazil (english)canada (english)chile (english)china (english)中国 (中文)fiji (english)finland (english)france (english)france (français)french polynesia (english)germany (english)hong kong sar china (english)香港 (中文)india (english)indonesia (english)ireland (english)italy (english)japan (english)日本 (日本語)mexico (english)netherlands (english)new caledonia (english)new zealand (english)papua new guinea (english)philippines (english)singapore (english)south africa (english)south korea (english)대한민국 (한국어)spain (english)switzerland (english)taiwan (english)台灣 (中文)thailand (english)united kingdom (english)united states (english)vanuatu (english)vietnam (english)hometravel guidesflight dealsplanbookflyfrequent flyerqantas for businesshelptravel guidesaustraliasydneymelbournebrisbanenew zealandaucklandwellingtonqueenstownsouth pacificfijinoumeaasiahong kongtokyosingaporeeuropelondonparisrometravel insiderrestaurant and hotel reviews, photo galleries and travel articles.
where can i go?with our interactive map it's easy to plan your next trip using money or qantas points.
travel inspirationlooking for holiday inspiration? browse our travel recommendations for australia and beyond.
flight dealsall flight dealsfind offers on qantas flights across a range of international destinations.
internationalflights to australiaflights to new zealandflights to united kingdomplantravel classesfind out more about our award-winning first and international business cabins and more classes of travel on qantas.
onboarddiscover inflight dining options, entertainment, seat maps, aircraft you'll be flying on and more.
experience the qantas differencefly away with complimentary food, drinks, entertainment, baggage and more included in every qantas fare.
our network and partner airlinesdiscover our australian domestic and international network, airline partners and oneworld.
timetablessearch current timetable information for qantas, qantaslink and jetstar flights.
email subscriptionget the latest flight sales, accommodation offers, travel inspiration and more straight to your inbox.
qantas passenger perksfly to australia with qantas and unlock hand-picked deals on iconic experiences across the country.
qantas appbook and manage your trip with features such as check-in, seat selection and boarding pass access. you can track your qantas points, shop and more.
qantas explorersave on a multi-city adventure to over 100 routes across australia and new zealand with qantas explorer.
bookflightsbook flights, multi-city or round the world trips, search using our interactive map or redeem a travel credit.
hotelsearn qantas points on our huge range of accommodation options worldwide.
qantas holidaysbook your perfect holiday with a flight and accommodation package. 
group travelbook 10 or more passengers travelling to the same destination.
activitiesbook city tours, hop-on-hop-off buses, organised tours and more.
carsbook car hire, car specials or commercial vehicles.
flytravel updatestrack updates on extreme weather or other major issues that may impact your flight.
flight statusfind departure and arrival information and view our on-time performance.
check-inways to check-in for your flight including online and on your mobile.
manage bookingchange or cancel flights, redeem a flight credit, request an upgrade, check-in and more.
seat selectionchoose the seat that suits you before you arrive at the airport on qantas operated flights.
at the airportbrowse our airport guides and lounge network information.
baggageview baggage allowances, purchase additional baggage, learn about dangerous goods or track lost baggage.
airport loungesstart your trip in the exclusive surrounds of one of our world class airport lounges.
travel adviceinformation about visas, health and more.
specific needsoptions for mobility and medical assistance and first-time flyers. request wheelchair assistance.
travelling with childrenget ready for your big adventure with our dedicated family section.
frequent flyerearn qantas pointsearning points couldn’t be easier. whether you’re booking your next holiday or flying for business or pleasure, you could be earning points on all sorts of things with our partners.
use qantas pointswith lots of ways to use your points, you’ll be sure to find something you like. use your points for flights, upgrades, hotels, or car hire.
status and clubsthe more you fly, the faster you'll enjoy benefits like priority boarding; or earn points to unlock points club, where you'll enjoy benefits like lounge access, or the qantas club to start your journey off right.
my accountcheck your points balance, transfer points, update your details, claim missing points, top-up points, manage bookings and more.
newsall the latest from the qantas frequent flyer program including new partners, new rewards and more.
qantas for businesswhy qantas for businesstravel with qantas for your next business trip. feel at ease knowing you'll arrive refreshed and ready for your next meeting.
helpcontact usget in touch, we're here to help. find support, contact your local qantas office, provide feedback and more.
help and supportfind answers to frequently asked questions and popular topics.
 'how to' videosview our 'how to' videos for step-by-step instructions on topics like redeeming a flight credit and how to use your qantas pass.























previous



next



pause



play









escape to australiafrom:singaporefind flights to australia*prices in sgd. prices based on payment at qantas.com. selected travel dates (and days) apply. other conditions apply.







fly to new zealand with qantasfrom:singaporefind offers to new zealanddisclaimer: *prices in sgd. prices based on payment at qantas.com. selected travel dates (and days) apply. other conditions apply.






explore londonfrom:singaporefind flights to london*prices in sgd. prices based on payment at qantas.com. selected travel dates (and days) apply. other conditions apply.



















                            
                            book a trip
                        




                            
                            manage booking
                        




                            
                            use flight credit
                        




                            
                            check-in
                        




                            
                            flight status
                        







                        book a trip
                     









                flights
            




                hotels and airbnb
            




                cars
            









flights


hotels and airbnb


cars




















































































                        manage booking
                     





view your qantas booking, redeem your flight credit and, where possible, make changes and more.


























                        use flight credit
                     





book your flight using your flight credit.


























                        check-in
                     





check in online from 24 hours before your flight, using your 6 character qantas booking reference. view online check-in eligibility.


























                        flight status
                     





track real time arrival and departure information for qantas, qantaslink and codeshare flights.






loading...















close










latest flight offers from: singaporeloading offerssee all flight offers*conditions apply

















new zealand? we're going that way.fly direct with qantas from singapore to sydney, melbourne, or brisbane, with daily connections to new zealand. explore our new zealand travel guidefind flights to new zealand





100 australian bucket-list travel experiencesfrom world class beaches and epic natural wonders to topnotch wineries and buzzy cities, we’ve created the ultimate australian bucket list.read more on travel insider


















save with qantas explorer faresbook an international economy flight to australia or new zealand through qantas explorer and you can save on a multi-city booking for flights around each country.book your qantas explorer ticket




qantas passenger perksunlock exclusive deals on tours and activities across australia with your qantas airline ticket. book now and experience australia with the people who know it best.explorer offers




qantas business classa superior way to fly. for work or play, explore business with more space to relax, a dedicated cabin, lounge access and our friendly cabin crew ready to look after you.explore qantas business class
















experience the qantas difference








baggage includedbaggage




food and drinksinflight dining




inflight entertainmententertainment




extensive networkwhere we fly




discover the spirit of australia













book your whole trip




hotels and airbnbcarsactivities

















red emailget the latest specials, reviews and inspirational travel articles.subscribe




qantas appmake flying a breeze, whatever your device, wherever you are.download




your wellbeing is our prioritythanks for helping us create a safe and positive environment for everyone.customer charter














important information*prices based on payment at qantas.com. selected travel dates (and days) apply. other conditions apply.
















































about qantas



about usqantas groupnews roomcareersoneworld













support



help & supportcontact ustravel credits












download our app



qantas app iosqantas app android












access to great deals



join qantas frequent flyersubscribe to red email


































































© qantas airways limited abn 16 009 661 901










(opens in a new tab)






(opens in a new tab)






privacy & securityterms of useconditions of carriagemodern slavery act statement (pdf)reconciliation action planaccess & inclusion planfare types












qantas would like to acknowledge the traditional custodians of the local lands and waterways on which we live, work and fly.
we pay our respects to elders past and present.





































