







original concert, rock, music & band posters - d.king gallery





























































view cart










 
×

*new*
posters

by band
by genre
--------
fillmore : bg

posters
postcards
handbills
tickets


family dog : fd

posters
postcards
handbills
great highway


more 60s posters
by artist - sixties
--------
new fillmore posters
bgp posters
scrojo posters
more modern rock posters
by artist - modern
--------
movie posters
other posters


mylar sleeves
collecting
sports
comics
menko
about us
contact


gift certificates
view cart































browse newly added items
our online catalog contains over 15,000 items but that is only a fraction of our inventory. if you are looking for something that is not yet listed, please 
		contact us


60's psychedelic rock concert posters, postcards and handbills


rock posters, concert posters, band posters, music posters or gig posters? whatever you choose to call them, they are enduring treasures of pop culture. 1966 was a pivotal year in the history of rock 'n' roll posters, marking the beginning of two groundbreaking psychedelic poster series, bill graham's fillmore poster series and the family dog's avalon ballroom poster series. as san francisco became the epicenter of hippie culture, concert posters, flyers and handbills began to echo the bright colors and pulsating, swirling shapes of the liquid light shows projected on the walls of the fillmore and the avalon.other important venues that issued posters during the 60s include the matrix, california hall, winterland and the carousel ballroom in san francisco; the kaleidoscope, the cheetah and the shrine auditorium in los angeles; pepperland and the euphoria in san rafael; the grande ballroom in detroit; and the fillmore east in new york.








bill graham postersfillmore posters 1966-1971

60s posters by artist ↓



family dog postersavalon posters 1967-1969




neon rose postersmoscoso 1966-1968




bill graham postcardsfillmore cards 1966-1971

more 60s rock posters, postcards and handbills >




modern rock concert posters



the era of the modern rock poster began in the mid-1980s around the time that bill graham presents' bgp numbered poster series began. when bill graham returned to promoting concerts at the fillmore auditorium in 1988, he started the new fillmore poster series which is the longest running continuously numbered poster series in rock poster history.the early 1990s marked the beginning of a renaissance in silkscreen poster printing, led by poster artists frank kozik, coop, mark arminski, derek hess and lindsey kuhn. other artists well known for their screen-printed posters include jay ryan, emek, chuck sperry and ron donovan of firehouse, drowning creek and alan forbes.






new fillmore postersfillmore sf 1988-2020

modern concert posters by artist ↓



bill graham presentsbgp posters 1986-2007




scrojo postersbelly up 2001-2020




art of modern rockaomr posters 1980-2004

more modern rock posters >



we also buy vintage rock posters and original poster art
movie and other posters



this section includes many of our other poster offerings including: artist signed and performer autographed posters, alternative movie posters, original one sheet movie posters, black light posters, vintage headshop posters, polish movie, cultural and theater posters, german concert posters, art exhibition and fine art posters, and other posters that fall outside of our music categories.





movie posters




eden hashish centre posters




andy warhol serigraphs




polish posters

more posters >



vintage sports collectibles and memorablia





college football media guides




vintage decals




pennants




sports posters

more sports memorabilia >

can't find it? try us...we have many more rare and unusual items that are not listed
programs, passes, tickets, guitar picks and other memorablia



we have a vast inventory of music memorabila and other collectibles. here are some of our concert programs, tickets, backstage passes and laminates, buttons, pins, t-shirts and authentic celebrity guitar picks. please don't hesitate to contact us with inquiries about other items that may not appear here.





vintage concert programs




backstage passes




celebrity guitar picks




vintage concert ticketsand fillmore tickets

other memorabilia >



all items listed for sale on this site
are in stock and ready to ship.
posters by genre





jazz posters




punk flyers, handbills, posters




rap and hip hop posters




metal posters





country music posters




edm posters




reggae posters




classic rock n roll posters

more posters by genre >



posters by band





grateful dead




primus




rolling stones




led zeppelin

more posters by band >



sixties posters by artist





lee conklin




rick griffin




mouse




moscoso

more 60s poster artists >



modern posters by artist





mark arminskiposters and handbills




emek posters




derek hess posters




drowning creekposters and handbills

more modern poster artists >

posters by city or venue





oakland concert posters




seattle concert posters




portland concert posters

concert posters by city >



san francisco concert posters

concert posters by venue >

from the groundbreaking psychedelic posters of the 1960's san francisco rock scene to the cutting edge silkscreen gig posters of today... we specialize in rock concert poster art and rock n roll posters of all types.








d.king gallery
510 548-10622284 fulton stberkeley, ca 94704the store is currently open by appointment only - please call!
gift certificates





d.king gallery is owned and operated by dennis king, author of the best-selling book art of modern rock.
if you'd like to know more about sixties rock posters, psychedelic posters, vintage music concert posters, modern rock music posters, gigposters and rock and roll poster collecting in general, please visit rockpostercollector.com.


    


testimonials from our customers

our ordering and security policies


questions? need more information?e-mail us at dk@dking-gallery.com or call (510) 548-1062view 1,000s of posters listed by band hereⓒ dennis king / d. king gallery all rights reserved
 












