



lenco coolers - marine heat exchangers, marine oil coolers










welcome 

to lenco... your 

#1 source for replacement marine heat exchangers and oil coolers
    
  lenco 

has been manufacturing marine engine heat exchangers and marine engine oil coolers for marine engines since 

1972.  we stock direct replacement coolers for many major engine manufacturers.  

additionally, our expertise and experience permit us to offer upgraded units where 

we have found the original equipment to be undersized or otherwise inadequate.


 
select manufacturer below 

to find your replacement unit:
cooling marine engines is our only business!  we have 

the knowledge to answer all your techincal questions regarding the performance 

of your engine's cooling system.
as manufacturers, 

we understand that only top quality materials and exceptional workmanship will 

do.  because of this, we are able to offer our customers a 3-year pleasure 

boat (1-year commercial) warranty on all our units.  lenco can even 

produce custom-made coolers and heat exchangers at competitive prices.
  
oil 

coolers chris craft chrysler
covington crusader
cummins detroit diesel
indmar isuzu
johnson & towers lehman

mercruiser marine 

power onan perkins
pleasurecraft stewart and stevenson
universal us marine
volvo westerbeke heat 

exchanger accessories surge tanks
 
  lenco 

coolers - in stock and priced right!
lenco is a second generation, family owned and operated business.  

we take pride in providing our customers with quick and courteous service, quality 

products and very competitive pricing.  when you need heat exchangers, engine 

oil coolers, fuel coolers, transimssion coolers, steering coolers or hydraulic 

coolers - choose the leader, choose a lenco.
[ home ]
[ info request ] [ contact us ]
[ feedback ][ articles ]
  

have comments or suggestions to improve 

our web site?  let us know with feedback or e-mail 

copyright © 1999, saraga industries corp.  all rights reserved. 

this page was last modified on 6/13/18
web design services 




