



hash inc.: home
































 




 


					close (x)
				


				 
			







banner image: let a dream come true





banner image: fairytale





banner image: lets not get technical





banner image: ready for takeoff





banner image: does not have to be troublesome





banner image: superhereo





banner image: good to be king





banner image: hard world





banner image: mars rover





banner image: your world





banner image: rat & snake





banner image: chicory & coffee





banner image: enterprise







1
–
2
–
3
–
4
–
5
–
6
–
7
–
8
–
9
–
10
–
11
–
12
–
13

 


 






home


gallery



stills


films


hall of fame


wip





forum


training



hash video tutorials


user tutorials


manuals


frequently asked questions





software



third party software





get it now!



trial request


store


download latest version


additional rendernodes


change / renew subscription





try it


road trip


social media


support





 

 

welcome to hash.com
whether you’re looking to create whole three di­men­sional worlds or have a two di­men­sional project in mind, hash animation:master is the 3d soft­ware you need to design and render amazing imagery and animation... from the comfort of your kitchen table!it has been proven to be one of the most easy to use, affordable and powerful 3d programs available.a:m is as advanced as it is easy to learn. our provided text and video tutorials will guide you through the steps to not only become an a:m professional, but to jump-start your career in the 3d industry as an animator.a:m experts from around the world are always available to help beginners with tutorials and answers on the a:m forums. our community is one of the most helpful, knowl­edge­a­ble and responsive anywhere. and if our users can’t help you, we surely can!animation:master is a versatile tool capable of bringing to life projects of any type. be it 2d or 3d an­i­ma­tion or illustration, manga or special effects... the only limit is your imagination!

hash, inc. mascot contest winner
credits: arthur scheijde (kualrobi)
a:m’s resolution independent hash splines and patches offer more direct control of your models than the pol­y­gons used in other 3d software. patch-based models are extremely efficient and versatile for modeling and an­i­ma­tion, being equally effective for organic and mechanical objects in an an­i­ma­tion environment. 
» morestarting at just $79.99, a:m will enable you to begin to animate in a few minutes and realize your artistic potential."in the ensuing years, i used a:m exclusively and came to understand what ’usability’ really is. it is still one of the best examples of a truly non-linear pipeline ever. nothing that i have tried has ever come close."– barry zundel, technical director
pixar animation studios (link)"well, actually, also we argue a lot on what software to use and such. a:m still is most versatile though. think that won’t ever change."– elmar keweloh, animator
soulcage department (link)  








				© 2025 hash inc.
			




					image credits
				



					contact
				




 



