











unitypoint health - john stoddard cancer center






































skip to content























set my location










                            set my location
                        











providing your location allows us to show you nearby providers and locations.



location (city or zip)





set









use my current location







clear














myunitypoint




pay bill




privacy policy








i'm looking for...




site search










submit site search





















find a location




find a service




find a doctor




join our team












get care now










about us




patients & visitors




giving




news & articles















site search










submit site search
















menu
close












unitypoint health - john stoddard cancer center











                                                                            1221 pleasant streetdes moines,  ia 50309
                                                                        














                                                                            515-241-4141
                                                                        

(main phone)











current hours: 8:00 am to 4:30 pm




























information
number of patients waiting reflects the current number of patients waiting to be seen. this number changes frequently and is not exact.







unitypoint health


find a location


unitypoint health - john stoddard cancer center







                more information about unitypoint health - john stoddard cancer center
                






care team & support services

clinical trials

classes & events

ways to give






hours and directions



campus map & directions







hours of operation



monday: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: closed




view map






unitypoint health - john stoddard cancer center










campus map & directions










about us
unitypoint health – john stoddard cancer center, a service of unitypoint health – des moines, is among the top achieving cancer programs in the nation and has been recognized for its quality cancer care. our high standard of care comes from decades of research, cancer treatment experience and cancer care technological superiority.  



accreditations & recognition




accredited breast cancer center










stoddard cancer center has been recognized as an accredited breast cancer center by the national accreditation program for breast centers (napbc) since 2014. receiving care at a cancer center accredited by the napbc means you gain access to a full range of state-of-the-art cancer care services, clinical trials and a multidisciplinary team approach to coordinate the best cancer treatment options. 






accredited cancer center - comprehensive community cancer program










 

stoddard cancer center is an accredited cancer center by the commission on cancer (coc), a program of the american college of surgeons. coc accreditation demonstrates a commitment to providing comprehensive, state-of-the-art cancer care close to home.  






clinical radiopharmaceutical therapy center of excellence










as a clinical radiopharmaceutical therapy center of excellence, our dedicated care team boasts radiation oncologists certified in the interpretation of nuclear medicine studies, working hand-in-hand with certified nuclear medicine radiologists. our team brings a wealth of experience in administering various radiopharmaceutical therapies, ensuring the highest standards of care for our patients. 






pori center of excellence











as a pori center of excellence, our rehabilitation team is recognized for using best practices in providing specialized oncology rehabilitation services for patients who have been diagnosed with cancer and are in any phase of cancer treatment or survivorship. 






vision rt center of excellence










stoddard cancer center, one of the leading centers for radiation therapy in the midwest, has been recognized as a vision rt center of excellence. when receiving care at stoddard cancer center you can expect to be treated by an oncology radiation team that has a proven expertise in the use of the alignrt® system for all treatment sites and tattoo and mark-free radiation therapy treatment. the team demonstrates a high degree of skill and experience when delivering radiation therapy.  


























john stoddard cancer center - livewell minute



john stoddard cancer center - livewell minute






leading cancer care
in 1991, john stoddard cancer center opened at iowa methodist medical center. it was the first cancer center in central iowa to house all radiation oncology and ancillary services in one location. the new facility centralized all outpatient oncology services in one area, while conveniently locating them by the inpatient services offered at iowa methodist medical center. this progressive concept was a result of our long-standing commitment to meet the changing needs of the patients and families we serve. 
today, stoddard cancer center remains at the forefront of cancer care in iowa, with one of the most technologically advanced and diverse radiation oncology departments in the midwest. patients and their families have access to a wide range of services that were created to provide them with the care they need before, during and after cancer treatment.

multidisciplinary cancer committee
weekly tumor board conferences
oncology research and clinical trials
lymphedema center
oncology navigators
support groups
cancer education classes
survivorship program
genetic counseling
on-site empower boutique and salon

 










treatment options
we are committed to providing the best quality cancer care and treatment options available.

chemotherapy

radiation oncology & brachytherapy center 
surgical oncology
    
pediatric oncology 
lymphedema center 
interventional oncology
    
cancer rehabilitation
adult oncology inpatient unit at iowa methodist medical center








about the adult oncology inpatient unit









the stoddard adult oncology inpatient unit is located on the third floor of the powell wing at iowa methodist medical center. an interdisciplinary, holistic and family-centered approach is central to our care delivery. the unit has many unique features and was designed with the patient and family in mind. 
features

flat screen televisions and dvd players
    
a couch that convert to a bed for families to sleep
lighted handrails for patient's safety
    
a private chapel on the unit
extensive library of books, videos, cds and brochures
a healing garden and patio, with a water fountain and special lighting that illuminates the walkway for night viewing
    
family laundry and shower area for families who choose to stay with their loved one
    
sound reduction cupboards and drawers
relational care and healing support from a large group of hospital volunteers
milton p. riepe solarium where patients and their families can relax and visit

our philosophy of family-centered cancer care allows us to wrap all of our modern cancer treatment technology into an atmosphere that reflects the importance of having family and friends involved in the treatment process.  






gammatile® therapy for brain tumors

        john stoddard cancer center is the first in iowa to treat a patient with gammatile® therapy, an innovative approach to combating brain tumors. gammatile therapy reduces the need for prolonged radiation schedules, delivering treatment in a single surgical procedure. it’s a highly targeted approach that minimizes side effects, allowing patients to maintain their quality of life.
    



read the press release













care team
stoddard cancer center is privileged to work with a multidisciplinary team of skilled physicians in a number of specialty areas.

the radiation oncologists with john stoddard cancer center radiation oncology continue to provide one of the most technologically advanced radiation oncology & brachytherapy departments in iowa.
medical oncologists specialize in the treatment of cancer, specifically with chemotherapy.
surgical oncology specialists and general surgeons perform surgical treatment of more than 14 different types of cancer. 
interventional radiologists allow our team to be able to offer complete diagnostic and interventional imaging services using the most advanced imaging techniques.
pathologists provide cutting-edge diagnostic services including the most advanced molecular techniques to diagnose tumors, allowing us to tailor therapies to each individual patient.




medical director




meet dr. andrew nish









andrew nish, md, serves as medical director of john stoddard cancer center. as medical director, dr. nish is an important link to the medical team and works to facilitate discussions around quality, clinical trials and patient care enhancements. dr. nish is featured in the dish with nish podcast.
dr. nish graduated from carleton college and received his medical degree from the chicago medical school. he completed his residency in diagnostic radiology and a fellowship in interventional radiology at henry ford hospital in detroit.

following his fellowship, he moved to des moines and began a 27-year career as an interventional radiologist at iowa methodist medical center. during that time he introduced many new procedures to the medical center including peripheral arterial stents, transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunts, chemo and radioembolization of liver tumors and microwave ablation of tumors in many locations.

despite his successful career he became restless and began to question the care model of traditional western style medicine. a retrospective analysis of his 27-year career revealed the fact that patient health was not getting better and that the traditional care model was failing patients and their families. with this new insight he began to study nutrition, stress, exercise and sleep as it related to health and wellness. he went on to enroll in a 2-year fellowship at the andrew weil center for integrative medicine at the university of arizona, completing his studies in october of 2018.

his passion is to educate the public and healthcare workers about true health and well-being and how this can be achieved through lifestyle changes, including: 

food and nutrition
stress management
sleep
exercise
purpose in life
social relationships. 

he is fascinated with the mind-body connection and how our thoughts and beliefs directly influence our physical and mental health. 











services offered




search for a service, condition, or treatment at this location

search










radiation oncology







radiation oncology









breast cancer








breast cancer survival rates have been steadily increasing over the years due to awareness, earlier detection and advancements in the diagnosis and treatment of the cancer. if you notice any lumps or changes to your breast, talk to your doctor.

breast cancer









cancer care








                                                        find the highest quality care from our experienced team of oncology and cancer specialists at unitypoint health.
                                                    
cancer care









genetic testing & counseling








                                                        genetic counseling provides a time to meet with a genetic counselor to evaluate your personal and family medical histories, perform risk assessments, and order genetic testing.  

genetic testing & counseling









colorectal cancer








                                                        knowing the signs and symptoms, risk factors, early detection methods and treatment options is important whether you were diagnosed with colorectal cancer or are taking proactive steps to reduce your risk.


colorectal cancer









cancer rehabilitation









cancer rehabilitation









lung cancer








                                                    lung cancer is one of the most common cancers for men and women in the united states. our multidisciplinary teams are here to answer all your questions and support you with compassion and medical expertise through your journey. 

                                                
lung cancer









prostate cancer








                                                    prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the us, other than skin cancer. while there's no guaranteed way to prevent it, if caught early, prostate cancer is highly treatable.

                                                
prostate cancer









cancer screenings and prevention








                                                    learn how to detect cancer early by following cancer screening guidelines for your age and gender, know common cancer signs and make healthy lifestyle choices to reduce your cancer risk.

                                                
cancer screenings and prevention










see featured services











no services found!refine your search filters to help find a service. 



search tipscheck your spellinglimit the length of your query












additional specialty and support services




adolescent and young adult (aya) cancer program









adolescents and young adults with cancer typically do not receive as much attention as children and older adults, but about 89,000 ayas are diagnosed each year. that is why stoddard cancer center and blank children's hospital developed the adolescent and young adult (aya) cancer program.  as the first of its kind in iowa, this innovative program is designed to better address the unique needs of cancer patients between the ages of 15 and 39 and improve their survival rates.
services available

child life
clinical research
counseling
fertility education
genetic testing
nutritional assessment and education
social work/case management
support groups
survivorship program

for more information, call (515) 241-4251. 






cancer education 









cancer education and resources
 
 






cancer prevention









you should have regular check-ups with your primary care provider and discuss the appropriate ages to begin cancer screenings. these screenings may include, but are not limited to:

colonoscopies
mammograms
pap smears
prostate exams
 






case management









staff is available to identify individual patient needs, such as facilitation of discharge planning, including transfers to home or other healthcare options. the case manager will provide counsel and support to patients and families and link them with the most appropriate community resources.

a case manager can also facilitate and coordinate issues such as medical and general power of attorney, advanced directives-living wills, guardianship, and conservatorship. additionally, he or she can assist patients, families, caregivers, and hospital personnel with decision making about ethical issues and initiate referrals to the bio-ethics committee as needed. 






chaplains









chaplains at iowa methodist medical center are available 24 hours a day to address the spiritual needs of our patients.                                     






child life









child life services
  






dietitian









oncology specialist dietitian provide nutritional assessments and education on specialized diets required for cancer patients. they help patients deal with the side effects that come along with their disease and offer treatments to help improve their nutritional status. 

by helping patients understand more about nutrition, our dietitian works to:

prevent or correct nutritional deficiencies
    
minimize the side effects of treatment
    
enhance quality of life during treatment
    
improve ability to tolerate treatment
    
help achieve and maintain optimal body weight
    
incorporate healthy nutrition habits into daily living
    
educate family members about special nutrition needs
    
collaborate with providers to manage alternate nutrition and hydration therapies

for more information about our services and how a dietitian can help you, please talk with your physician or call (515) 241-3310. 






charlie cutler healing and wellness program









 after diagnosis, cancer patients are routinely treated using conventional medicine. beyond these vital treatments, we believe complementary evidence-based services can help relieve symptoms and side-effects as well as improve the efficacy of conventional treatments. this is the foundation of the charlie cutler healing and wellness program. alongside conventional medicine, there is great power in complementary therapies that support the mind, body and spirit for patients and caregivers.
"integrative oncology is about supporting the body's innate capacity to heal through the use of complementary therapies which incorporate healing practices designed to support the whole patient, both mind and body. it is about helping patients find peace with their diagnosis, about removing stress from their life, and about helping patients live their best life as they journey through cancer," says dr. andrew nish, medical director, john stoddard cancer center.
to help provide this additional support for patients and families, the team at stoddard cancer center is proud to offer evidence-based healing therapies for patients through the charlie cutler healing and wellness program.
services and programs offered

aromatherapy is the use of essential oils from plants and is offered to improve the physical, mental and spiritual well-being of patients.
    
guided imagery, a form of deliberate, directed daydreaming, is offered to help reduce stress and soothe uncomfortable symptoms.
    
integrative oncology consult is a discussion with the physician and nurse team on the foundations of wellness along with patient-specific questions regarding supplements and/or complementary therapies. foundations of wellness include diet and nutrition, activity and movement, sleep, stress management and social support/community. call (515) 241-4394 to schedule your consult. 

massage therapy is offered to reduce stress, anxiety, pain and to improve sleep patterns.
    
meals that matter is a program offering nutritionally balanced, ready-made meals for patients and their caregivers at no cost. the recipes were developed in conjunction with our stoddard cancer center dietitian and internal food & nutrition team, and the menu features full entrees as well as soup and fruit options.
    the meals are available two days per week for all patients visiting stoddard cancer center or being discharged from the powell 3 inpatient unit. this service helps ensure patients are receiving the nutrition they need to support healing and health, while offering economic support.
    
meals that matter at home is a program offering free weekly delivery of fruit and vegetables to the homes of cancer patients and survivors. the program provides participants with two recipes a week that utilize the produce provided in their delivery.
    
a cooking class is posted weekly on a secured facebook group, showing participants how to prepare the recipes, along with tips for washing, storing and preparing the produce.
participants are also able to speak with an oncology dietitian anytime throughout the program.


mindfulness-based stress reduction (mbsr) is an eight-week evidence-based program offering intensive mindfulness training to help with stress, anxiety, depression and pain. utilized in medical settings over the last 40 years, mbsr uses a combination of mindfulness meditation, body awareness, yoga and exploration of patterns of behavior, thinking, feeling and action to increase positive response to toxic stress, stress hardiness, focus, creativity, regulate emotions, and allow a greater sense of self-care and well-being.
    
music therapy is provided by a board certified music therapist. music therapy can have beneficial effects on anxiety, depression, pain, fatigue and quality of life.
    
volunteer comfort ambassadors take a comfort cart and a comfort menu to patient rooms. the menu includes items such as warm blankets, nail care kit, lip balm, magazines, books, etc.
    

 
charlie cutler was an inspiration to all and a friend to many. after a three-year battle with non-hodgkin's lymphoma, charlie passed away at the far too young age of 26.
the charlie cutler healing and wellness program was formed in memory of charlie by his family, friends and the community to honor the positive impact non-traditional treatments had on his cancer journey. the program supports patients and caregivers at john stoddard cancer center by providing tools to help them approach each new day with renewed energy, hope and focus.

support the healing & wellness program
 


 
  






empower boutique









located on level a of john stoddard cancer center, empower boutique and salon is available to patients throughout their cancer journey.
cancer patients often experience changes in their appearance due to treatments or surgery. this can be difficult, both physically and emotionally. empower addresses this challenge by offering products and services that meet the unique needs of cancer patients.
boutique products

all of the products are available to purchase at low prices. products available include:


head scarves
    
turbans
    
hats
    
essential oils - lemon, lavender, peppermint
    
comfort items 
radiant robes - fashion and functionality for breast, lung, and gi radiation therapy
radiant wraps - for breast cancer patients undergoing radiation therapy
cold therapy gloves and slippers for neuropathy
port shirts

salon services

thanks to generous donors and our partner trixie's salon for making the following services available for patients at no cost. patients can call (515) 241-4243 to schedule an appointment.

head shaving
    
haircut
    
beard trimming and shaving
    
shampoo
    
blow out
    
skincare and makeup 
manicures

donate items
your donation of new hats, scarves, head coverings, neck pillows, port pillows, and blankets could make someone's day. items must be new, unused and from a smoke-free household.
items our patients need:



hats
    
scarves
    
head coverings
    
small pillows, neck pillows and port pillows
    
blankets
    
salon-quality shampoo and conditioner
    
unscented lotions
    

items not accepted:


wigs
    
turbans
    
stuffed animals and toys
    
food items

the empower boutique and salon is made possible because of the generosity of others. if you are interested in supporting this important service, please contact the unitypoint health – john stoddard cancer center foundation at (515) 241-6304.
support empower

 
 






genetic counseling









genetic counseling and testing is done to help people better understand their risk for cancer and make decisions to prevent cancer. to be seen in the genetic counseling clinic, you will need a referral from your provider. a genetic counseling session lasts about one hour, and is free of charge. call (515) 241-4607 for more information or to make a referral.
learn more about genetic testing and counseling
 
 






hospice









hospice care services
 
 






interventional oncology









interventional oncology is the treatment of cancer and cancer-related problems using minimally invasive, targeted treatments performed under imaging guidance. these procedures are performed by board certified physicians specializing in interventional radiology.

interventional radiology services include:

cancer diagnosis using imaging guided biopsy techniques
cancer treatment using local targeted treatments to a variety of organ systems. this includes, advanced tumor ablation, radiofrequency ablation, alcohol ablation, as well as chemoembolization
palliative care, including drainage tubes, feeding gastrostomy tubes and venous success

stoddard cancer center works in partnership with the interventional oncologists of iowa radiology. 






lymphedema center









lymphedema center
 

  






optimal living for cancer survivors









above+beyond cancer optimal living for cancer survivors is a program that promotes the participation of cancer survivors in exercise and wellness activities. all classes are free to ymca members and survivors may receive a 12-week scholarship to the ymca. for more information call (515) 512-9225, visit the above + beyond cancer website or talk to your doctor about making a referral. 






palliative care









palliative care services
 
 






pink days program









a mammogram can catch breast cancer at it's earliest stage when it is most treatable. stoddard cancer center, in partnership with bras for the cause, iowa lutheran hospital and iowa radiology, offers a free mammogram program for uninsured and underinsured women in the des moines area.
eligibility guidelines:

women age 40 or over
    
income at or below 250% of the federal poverty income level
    
no insurance or insurance that does not cover these services, and no medicare part b coverage

what if something is found during the mammogram?

the pink days program includes follow-up diagnostic mammograms and breast ultrasounds if needed. women who require additional testing beyond this or those diagnosed with cancer or a pre-cancerous condition will be enrolled in the iowa care for yourself program for additional testing and treatment.

how do i sign up?
to see if you qualify, please the complete the request form and a representative will contact you.
pink day request form 






prehabilitation clinic









the prehabilitation clinic provides multidisciplinary visits for patients who may be preparing for cancer surgery and/or undergoing challenging cancer treatments. patients who are referred by their oncology providers receive an evaluation by our oncology certified social worker, dietician and physical therapist and are then followed up by our wellness coach.                                    






skin cancer screenings









john stoddard cancer center offers free skin cancer screenings, periodically. for more information, call (515) 241-3343.                                    






support groups









we offer many support groups to patients and families who wish to share their feelings with others who will understand. we believe a caring, supportive environment is important for the mental well-being of the patients, survivors and caregivers.
cancer support groups 






surgical oncology









surgery is the oldest form of cancer treatment and is still used extensively today. an estimated 60 percent of patients will undergo cancer surgery during their cancer journey.

in many cancers, including rare ones, surgical removal of the tumor is still the primary treatment cancer surgeries are done by general surgeons or surgeons who specialize in cancer related surgeries.

surgery as a cancer treatment may be used for many purposes, such as:

curative treatment
diagnostic treatment (removal of tissue samples for testing and evaluation)
palliative treatment (to relieve discomfort and improve quality of life)
preventive treatment (removal of tissue that does not yet contain cancer cells but has a high risk of turning cancerous)
restorative treatment (removal of tissue that does not yet contain cancer cells but has a high risk of turning cancerous)
supportive treatment (surgical placement of a device to aid in the delivery of medications)
 






survivorship program









the survivorship program brings together a team of experts and community resources to offer patients the support they need following treatment.
survivorship is defined by the national cancer institute as the physical, psychosocial, and economic issues of cancer, from diagnosis until the end of life. it focuses on the health and life of a person with cancer beyond the diagnosis and treatment phases. survivorship includes issues related to the ability to get health care and follow-up treatment, late effects of treatment, secondary cancers and quality of life. family members, friends and caregivers are also part of the survivorship experience.

survivorship interview: this session is offered to cancer survivors who have completed cancer therapy and are now looking forward to maintaining a healthy and fulfilling life beyond cancer. contact your oncology provider’s office to set up a survivorship interview.
 






unitypoint at home









unitypoint at home services
 
 






what’s on your mind – counseling services









what's on your mind? is a counseling program for patients and/or family members of patients. the services are provided at no charge. patients and family members are welcome to come to group counseling or may set up individual appointments.  
individual and group counseling topics include:

the grief process. will my life ever be the same? where am i in the grief process?
    
what about my family? what should i tell them? what do i need from them? where are they in the grief process?
    
what about my emotions? how do anxiety, depression, and personality affect my treatment, compliance, and outcome? is there anything to help my mood?
    
what about the future? what should i do when i don't know what the future holds?
    am i helping or hindering my therapy? is there more i should be doing? are there things i should stop doing?
other topics are addressed as needed.

for more information, call (515) 241-3343. 














oncology navigators
the oncology navigation team was a first in central iowa and has proven to be a tremendous benefit for our patients and their families. oncology navigators are patient advocates and provide education and support to cancer patients and their families before, during and after treatment. together, with members of the multidisciplinary care team, the oncology navigation team helps bridge and connect patients and their families with resources within the stoddard cancer center and in the community as a whole. their goal is to educate and support the patient and their family throughout the cancer journey.  



oncology navigation team




angela dotson, rn, ocn











angela joined the stoddard cancer center team in july of 2016. prior to joining the team at stoddard cancer center, she was an inpatient nurse on the powell 3 adult oncology unit at iowa methodist medical center for six years. she also worked as a medical-surgical nurse at lutheran 3east for two years and was a medical-surgical nurse in ottumwa, iowa. angela facilitates the gynecologic cancer support group and the ustoo prostate cancer support group. as an oncology nurse navigator, angela specializes in the care of gynecologic, genitourinary and lung cancers. 
angela realized she wanted to work with oncology patients at a young age when her mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. angela took on the role of caregiver to her mother. unfortunately, her mother is no longer with her, but her mother’s spirit helps angela provide the best care possible to her patients.   






ann benetti, rn, ocn










ann has been a part of the oncology navigation team since september 2014. as a nurse with more than 30 years of experience within the fields of oncology, hematology, hospice and palliative care, she understands all aspects of the cancer journey for the patients, families and caregivers and how to help them through their journey. ann specializes in helping pancreatic, liver and breast cancer patients and families. in addition, she facilitates the multidisciplinary liver conference and life beyond breast cancer support group.
ann is focused on walking alongside patients and families, helping them through their cancer journey by answering questions, providing support, and connecting them to resources within the stoddard cancer center and throughout the community. at the same time, she looks ahead a few steps to identify what is coming up next in the journey to determine how to meet their needs. most importantly, ann provides education, hope and encouragement to patients and loved ones so they can have the best quality of life possible while going through treatment.
"i believe the best care a cancer patient can receive is a multidisciplinary approach and this takes coordination to assure that the best outcomes are being met," says ann. 






deanna rudolph, msw, lisw









as an oncology social worker, deanna supports patients and their families with the practical, social and emotional issues related to a cancer diagnosis. deanna joined stoddard cancer center in january of 2024. prior to joining the team at stoddard cancer center, she was a part of the unitypoint at home team. she is a licensed independent social worker (lisw) and graduated with a master's degree from the university of iowa. she has been working as a social worker in health care settings since 2014.

 deanna facilitates the caregiver support group and participates in the prehabilitation clinic. a clinic that addresses nutritional, physical and psychosocial needs and provides education to help prepare patients for surgery as they go through their chemo and/or radiation therapy. 






jacqueline douglas, financial navigator









as a financial navigator, jacqueline (jacqui) collaborates with the oncology navigation team to reduce financial distress so it does not impede the patient’s care. jacqui specializes in answering billing questions, uncovering and addressing insurance challenges, helping establish payment plans and leading patients and their caregivers to financial assistance programs.
jacqui joined the stoddard cancer center team in may of 2023 with more than 20 years of experience.

"losing medicaid has been so stressful and you [jacqui] have made it so much easier to figure out what my options are" said a patient who was assisted by jacqui. 






jen witt, rn, msn, ocn, cbcn










jen joined stoddard cancer center in july of 2009. prior to joining the team at stoddard cancer center, she was a physician-nurse with medical oncology and hematology associates in des moines. she has also worked as an oncology nurse on the powell 3 oncology inpatient unit at iowa methodist medical center and at st. luke's in cedar rapids. jen specializes in the care of breast cancer and head and neck cancer patients. she leads the survivorship program and facilitates the oral, head and neck cancer support group as well as the life beyond breast cancer support group.
jen's main role is to help provide quality care and support for the cancer patient and their loved ones. this includes developing and overseeing the care patients receive from diagnosis to treatment and beyond. she assesses the patient's needs and informs them of the many multidisciplinary team members available to support them during their cancer journey. the patient and their loved ones receive enhanced teaching of treatment options and procedures. 






jenny cataldo, rn, bsn, ocn










jenny has been a nurse navigator since february 2012 and came to stoddard cancer center with over 15 years of experience as a nurse on the powell 3 adult oncology unit at iowa methodist medical center. jenny specializes in the care of colorectal cancer and esophageal cancer patients. she also facilitates the colon cancer multidisciplinary team conference and the colorectal cancer support group.
"i am very honored to be a part of our oncology navigation team," says jenny. "i get the opportunity to be with the patients and their families through diagnosis, treatment, and beyond to offer support, education, and always a listening ear. i am grateful to be a part of their journey, and assist them in any way i can."
jenny facilitates a multidisciplinary colorectal cancer conference twice a month with dr. robert behrens, medical oncologist. the purpose of this conference is to discuss the best treatment plan for stoddard cancer center patients and provide a higher standard of care. the multidisciplinary team includes physicians, social workers, nurses, a psychologist and a dietician. 






pamela banning, lisw, aphsw-c, osw-c










as an oncology social worker, pamela supports patients and their families with the practical, social and emotional issues related to a cancer diagnosis. pamela joined stoddard cancer center in august of 2022. prior to joining the team at stoddard cancer center, she was a palliative care social worker with the john muir health in concord, california. she is a licensed independent social worker (lisw) and graduated with a master's degree from the brown school of social work at washington university in st. louis. she has been working as a social worker in health care settings since 2011.

pamela has additional certification in advance palliative and hospice social work (aphsw-c). the intent in palliative care is to improve quality of life for patients living with a serious illness, such as cancer. she is also certified in oncology social work (osw-c), which represents an advanced level of competence, commitment, and experience in the field of oncology social work. pamela also provides free short term counseling services for patients and their support system in-person or through virtual care through the stoddard cancer center counseling services.  










about our cancer programs
at john stoddard cancer center, we are committed to quality and will be here for you and your family every step of the way. using our extensive experience, our cutting-edge treatments, and vast resources, we will do everything we can to help ensure the best outcome.

















                                    breast cancer program
                                
view expanded gallery modal
















                                    colorectal cancer program overview
                                
view expanded gallery modal
















                                    colorectal cancer program
                                
view expanded gallery modal
















                                    leukemia and lymphoma program
                                
view expanded gallery modal
















                                    prostate cancer program
                                
view expanded gallery modal







previous

 of 




next


















dish with nish podcast













stoddard connections newsletter
whether you’re a patient, caretaker, healthcare professional or simply curious about what is happening at stoddard cancer center, the quarterly newsletter brings you insightful updates, exciting news and valuable resources.


read our most recent newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter






























stoddard cancer center 2023 annual report



stoddard cancer center 2023 annual report





john stoddard cancer center advisory board




advisory board members










daniel zinnel – chair
stephanie roscoe – chair elect
andy nish, md – medical director
sarah zeidler, fache – executive director
rob bakker
jen cross
katie hart
jennifer groos, md
laura meeker
tom mulrooney
paula noonan
philip roeder
gary kahn (emeritus)
ted lodden (emeritus)
frank marcovis (emeritus)
denise essman (emeritus)
kasey johnson steen (emeritus)
joe soda (emeritus)
 






john d. stoddard




the legacy of john d. stoddard









john stoddard was an engineer by training and a real estate developer and entrepreneur by profession who amassed a large fortune and gave most of it away. he often said that the reason he worked so hard to make money was to have more to give away.

in 1990, his keen interest in medical care and compassion for others compelled him to support iowa methodist medical center's new cancer center with a $4 million gift. in recognition of his generosity, the center was named the john stoddard cancer center.

as the state-of-the-art center was constructed, john, an engineer, kept close watch. from the moment the first steel beams were erected, john saw "outstanding architecture" emerge. he gained a sense of satisfaction that came from supporting a facility specifically designed to offer feelings of life, health and hope.

john was always a fervent ambassador for the center, spreading his enthusiasm for the new and emerging technology, expert cancer researchers and caregivers and personalized family-centered care. shortly before his cancer diagnosis, john said, "once you see the center, once you see the remarkable work that's being done, that's what really motivates you to give. there's such an attitude of hope."

through his ongoing gifts to the center, as well as significant provisions made in his estate plan, john stoddard's spirit of hope will continue to benefit cancer patients and their families for generations to come. 






join us for rally against cancer




about rally against cancer









the annual rally against cancer fundraising event is held every january and includes a silent and live auction, dinner and presentation by a special guest speaker. since the first rally against cancer in 2000, the event has grown from a small super bowl party for friends to john stoddard cancer center's signature fundraiser, hosting over 600 attendees. each year, thousands of patients and families benefit from the funds raised at rally.
 rally against cancer was created out of the love for a mother, helen hampton, who lost her battle with cancer in 1997. her daughter, kim johnson, was so impressed with the treatment, compassion and overall coordinated care that her mother and her family received during helen's battle with cancer that she approached the stoddard cancer center about establishing an event to raise money and awareness for the patients and families at stoddard cancer center.
2025 rally against cancer
 
 







stay connected with john stoddard cancer center
 







john stoddard cancer center locations







set your location










                                    set your location
                                











providing your location allows us to show you nearby providers and locations



location (city or zip)





set









use my current location







clear















previous





next







cancer care news & articles











all articles








unitypoint health – john stoddard cancer center


cancer support groups
clinical trials
services
treatment






support stoddard
contact us
















follow us on social media































 social media guidelines






quick links

find a location
find a service
find a doctor
myunitypoint
join our team
contact us



resources

contact us
myunitypoint
medical records
classes and events
patient rights and responsibilities
billing, insurance & financial information
price transparency



unitypoint health

newsroom
our organization
our hospitals and locations
diversity, equity and inclusion (dei)
medical education and career growth
for employees
for providers








@2024 unitypoint health




non-discrimination accessibility notice
privacy
website use & accessibility










