
















oak ridge national laboratory: solving the big problems | ornl



















      skip to main content
    









twitterx/twitter 
facebookfacebook
linkedinlinkedin
youtubeyoutube
flickrflickr


partnerships
visit
contact












menu









science areas


biology & environment


energy science


fusion & fission


isotopes


physical sciences


national security


neutron science


supercomputing




work with us


user facilities


educational programs


procurement


small business programs




about us


overview


leadership team


initiatives


visiting ornl


our values


community


history


fact sheets


virtual tour




careers


news











hit enter to search or esc to close


















 






















solving big problems








oak ridge national laboratory is among the world’s premier research institutions, empowering leaders and teams to pursue breakthroughs in an environment marked by operational excellence and engagement with the communities where we live and work.




what we do




























who we are






our people are our greatest strength






more than 7,000 scientists, engineers, technicians, and support staff representing more than 70 nations form a dynamic culture of innovation at oak ridge national laboratory. 




          learn more about us
        




















leading the way






research with impact 








    scientific discovery
  



    energy r&d
  



    national security
  






















as the us department of energy’s largest multi-disciplinary laboratory, we conduct world-leading research that translates science into solutions for the world’s biggest problems. our translational r&d approach spans fundamental science to demonstration and deployment, leveraging signature strengths in materials, neutrons, nuclear, and computing sciences.



explore scientific discovery























we play a pivotal role in securing america's energy future. our researchers deliver breakthroughs in energy from generation to distribution and storage to end use in support of department of energy missions.



explore energy r&d























ornl advances the science behind national security. we secure critical assets to keep our national infrastructure running and our people safe. our work protects nuclear materials to enable their secure, peaceful use for energy production, medical applications, and scientific discovery around the world. we advance human security to strengthen community resilience and save lives in times of disaster and crisis.



explore security science















our stories


view all news



 











american nuclear society selects ornl technician for significant achievement award




 











domingo marimon elevated to ieee senior member




 











from innovation to industry: researchers complete energy i-corps program




 











quantum researchers develop first-of-its-kind quantum gate 




 











ornl research helps cut cancer pathology reporting time




 











lupo pasini receives nersc early career achievement award




 











neutrons reveal lithium flow could boost performance in solid-state battery   




 











cregger receives presidential early career award






view all news















join the team.change the world.

leveraging the talents of its world-class researchers and exceptional support staff, oak ridge national laboratory is helping solve critical scientific and technical challenges and, in so doing, creating economic opportunity for the nation. ornl provides access to unique facilities, laboratories, and equipment, drawing thousands of visiting researchers each year. a vibrant and welcoming scientific community, ornl embraces the pursuit of innovative ideas and invests in its people to ensure their success.
explore careers at ornl



















 



our voices






































































partner with us


collaborations are critical to modern science and engineering, and oak ridge national laboratory engages in various types of collaboration with a range of organizations.from private industry, to academia, to state and local governments, various types of organizations tap into ornl's rare expertise and resources.



 learn more about partnerships
 user facilities
















 













“at the top of the list of ornl strengths is the ability to deliver, to do great work and to actually get things done that matter to the country and to the world.”


stephen k. streiffer
director





      facts & stats
  

      70+
  

      nationalities represented in the workforce
  


      1,132
  

      patents issued since 2010
  


      2,000+
  

      scientific publications per year
  



              learn more about ornl
            




















oak ridge national laboratory
				1 bethel valley road
				oak ridge, tn 37830
(+1) 865.576.7658


connect with us


partnerships


visit


contact




news


newsroom


newsletter signup


media contacts




research


science areas


user facilities


centers & institutes




resources


internal users


directory











				oak ridge national laboratory is managed by ut-battelle llc for the us department of energy

			


privacy


accessibility/508


nondiscrimination/1557


vulnerability disclosure program



















