











beachfront bed & breakfast niantic ct | the inn at harbor hill marina
























































skip to content






menu


rooms
packages

packages
events


marina
about
contact
book
 rooms
packages

packages
events


marina
 
 
about
contact
book
 







niantic, connecticut
a truly unforgettable
experience
explore a timeless new england village
nestled on the long island sound






amenities that enchant
a classic boutique inn experience with countless charming touches
the inn at harbor hill marina is a waterfront property overlooking the beautiful long island sound. our award-winning b&b is open year round and features 16 uniquely decorated (and newly remodeled!) suites. choose a room and cozy up for a long weekend — enjoy first-class amenities including king or queen-sized beds, private baths, large soaking tubs, fireplaces and private balconies. all of this coupled with complimentary homemade breakfast each morning, free wifi and the ever-charming new england atmosphere, you may just be persuaded to turn that weekend trip into a week-long getaway.
guests of the inn can now purchase a seasonal private pontoon cruise. this is great for celebrating anniversaries, birthdays and other special occasions! enjoy a seasonal private boating quest along the scenic niantic river and enjoy an exclusive experience paired with a delicious offering of food and beverage. the boating excursion includes your choice of red or white wine (non-alcohol beverages also available) along with sandwiches, fruit and other snack items. please contact the inn directly if you are interested in learning more about private pontoon cruise offerings! (860) 739-0331.
gift certificates available!
 

video transcript 










embrace your surroundings
feel right at home near the confluence of land, sea and air
wake up to a unique waterfront setting and get inspired to explore the quaint seaside village of niantic that’s within walking distance of our inn! leave your footprints in the sand on several town beaches and take a romantic stroll down the mile-long niantic bay boardwalk overlooking the long island sound. you’re sure to find excitement and relaxation that will create memories for years to come.
 


















seasonal boat slips
rent a slip for the weekend or the season and get the most out of harbor hill’s waters









complimentary breakfast
delicious homemade food that is guaranteed to satisfy all appetites











memorable gatherings
a stunning setting with classic ambiance and scenic views to impress














escape to an inn like no other.
rediscover your love for the sea.
give in to the tempting getaway that’s calling your name!



							view rooms                        

							book now                        










 (860) 739-0331
 info@innharborhill.com
 60 grand st. niantic, connecticut 06357



inn at harbor hill marina © 2025
managed by croft hospitality

all rights reserved
accessibility














facebook
instagram
youtube
 










