



cen.stu.psi.







































menu




centro studi psichiatrici - psychiatric studies centre


twined workshop 2025


twined workshop 2024


twined workshop 2023


seminario primavera 2024


congr 2022 censtupsi-eda italia


seminario 2021


seminario primavera 2020


seminario primavera 2019


twined workshop 2020


twined workshop 2018


upcoming meetings


useful links


gt-msrs - mixed states rating scale


scientific publications of dr g. tavormina


past cen.stu.psi. workshop: 2016


past cen.stu.psi. workshop: 2014


past cen.stu.psi. workshop: 2012


past cen.stu.psi. workshop: 2010


past cen.stu.psi. workshop: 2009


past cen.stu.psi. workshop: 2005


past cen.stu.psi. workshop: 2003


articles of association
















youtube









centro studi psichiatrici - psychiatric studies centre (cen.stu.psi.) 














home






the "cen.stu.psi.", a not-for-profit organization, is an association without political or religious bias. its sole purpose is for scientific research in the fields of psychiatry, psychopharmacology and social psychiatry. the executive board is composed: giuseppe tavormina (president), nicolas zdanowicz (vice-president), maurilio tavormina (vice-president), francesco franza (vice-president), mark agius,  martha sajatovic, dominique tavormina, daria smirnova.







the "cen.stu.psi." :

encourages and stimulates the scientific, clinical and
       diagnostic research while carefully gathering current studies of all
       psychiatric subject matters, therefore, implementing periodicals for distribution
       at national and international seminars, conferences and conventions.
participates, collaborates and exchanges scientific knowledge
       with organizations similar to cen.stu.psi. with
       psychiatric interest; be they public or private on a worldwide basis.
shares and disseminates information of research developments to
       the scientific community, authorities and the public-at-large via mass
       media.

 all psychiatrists, neurologists, psychologists and psychotherapists are invited to seek membership as a "fellow" of cen.stu.psi. so long as they share the precepts of the association. 
















youtube









centro studi psichiatrici - psychiatric studies centre (cen.stu.psi.) 































