






rainmusic.com: the home of midnight rain productions







			taking music on the internet by storm!




rainmusic.com
                (aka midnight rain productions) is owned an operated by david nevue, pianist 
                and composer, 
                author of how 
                to promote your music successfully on the internet, 
                and the founder of the 
                music biz academy and whisperings: 
                solo piano radio. 



 



the 
                            founder of rainmusic.com pianist 
                            david nevuephoto taken 1997
david has been selling 
                            his music on the internet since 1995. he quit his 
                            day job in 2001 and has been doing music full-time 
                            ever since. read about his success at promoteyourmusic.com



rainmusic.com 
                was the first site david setup to market his music back in 1995. 
                from 1995 to 1999, rainmusic.com was david's central "hub" 
                of operation for online 
                music promotion. in mid 1999, however, david created other 
                web sites to better focus his promotion efforts to each 
                particular marketing segment. what you see here now 
                as a "web site" is really just a "footprint" 
                left over from days long past. david is of course, still 
                extremely active making and promoting his music. he                 quit his 
                "day job" back in 2001, founded whisperings solo piano radio in 2003, and continues "doing what he does" all these years later (2021, as of this quick update)

visit david's about page for a brief summary of his career and accomplishments. 


here 
                are some links to david's active (or notable) sites as of this 2021 update...david's 
                "official" sites/pages[ davidnevue.com
[ on instagram
[ on facebook (fan page)
[ on twitter
[ on youtube
david's solo piano radio broadcast...                [ whisperings:			solo piano radio
popular places to stream david's music...                [ david on pandora radio
[ david on spotify
[ david on apple music/itunes
[ david on amazon music
music promotion 
                on the internet...[ how
			to promote your music on the internet
  









about rainmusic.com:
			[ a brief
			history
[ email
[ privacy policy




 

