









st. elizabeth's medical center | bmc health system




































skip to content









pay your billmedical records good samaritan st. elizabeth’spatient portalfind a department good samaritan st. elizabeth’scareers good samaritan st. elizabeth’s











































search bmc health system











which hospital would you like to search?
good samaritanst. elizabeth’sview all results











popular searches
medical recordsjobsvisiting hours









 






















 
our hospitals boston medical center good samaritan medical center st. elizabeth’s medical centerabout leadershipcontactsearch 

pay your billmedical records good samaritan st. elizabeth’spatient portalfind a department good samaritan st. elizabeth’scareers good samaritan st. elizabeth’s








 
















st. elizabeth’s medical center






expert care in your community since 1869

















patient resources











schedule an appointment






our wide range of departments offer excellent patient care. please call a department to schedule an appointment with them.







find a specific department










patient portal






as st. elizabeth’s transitions to bmc health system, please continue to access your patient portal online as you did before, with the below link.







log into the portal










bill pay






as st. elizabeth’s transitions to bmc health system, please continue to pay your bills online as you did before, with the below link.







pay online













see all patient and visitor information


















our departments






at st. elizabeth’s medical center, our experts provide care in a wide range of specialties and subspecialties, from behavioral health care to advanced cardiac surgery. click below to see all our departments and programs, learn about what we offer, and get the information you need to make an appointment.









view all departments


 

















expanding impact with a growing roster of top docs






this year, st. elizabeth's became part of bmc health system, where over 195 physicians were named to the 2025 top docs list. alongside boston medical center and good samaritan, bmc health system is proud to expand our reach within our communities and beyond through expert, compassionate care.









view our awarded doctors


 























a century of community-based care






st. elizabeth’s medical center’s top-rated physicians and teams have been dedicated to delivering trusted care to its brighton community members for more than 100 years.









learn more about st. elizabeth's medical center




explore our residencies and fellowships


 

















location and contact











main address
736 cambridge street
brighton, ma 02135
617.789.3000








emergency department
255 washington st.
brighton, ma 02135
617.789.2666











find a specific department phone number









 

























boston medical center health system is an integrated academic healthcare system that models a new kind of excellence in healthcare where clinical and operational innovation meets health equity and access.






one boston medical center place
boston, ma 02118






617.638.8000









facebook





x





instagram





linkedin





youtube












aboutour hospitalscontactpatient portal loginbmc.org homepageleadershipnewsresidencies and fellowshipsmedical staff services


















































































































communications policy
website privacy policy and terms of use
code of conduct
nondiscrimination statement
patient privacy/hipaa
manage my cookie preferences






© 2025 boston medical center. all rights reserved.









 










