






eusing software - hide windows program software,cd ripper 
freeware,registry cleaner software

















  












                      home



products


download
 



donate



contact us



 






eusing free 
				registry cleaner 
                4.8   

download now     new




eusing free 
				registry cleaner is a free registry repair software that allows 
				you to safely clean and repair registry problems with a few 
				simple mouse clicks. after scanning and fixing the invalid 
				entries, your system will be more stable and run faster. for 
				maximum safety, eusing free registry cleaner will make a backup 
				of the repaired entries. you will be able to restore any changes 
				made using the software by choosing restore registry backup.



 

 






 





taskbar hide - hide 
                windows program 3.3   

download now    


                   
                hide windows program completely through a hotkey or as an icon 
				in system tray. hide some less used icons from tray. arrange the 
				windows on taskbar based on your choice. automatically maximize 
				all new windows or only new ie windows.


cd to mp3 freeware 5.5   

download now    
  new
    a free and easy-to-use 
				cd ripper 
                software allows you to rip audio cds and convert to mp3, wav, ogg 
				or wma format. 
				you can also normalize 
				the output files. the program also supports additional lame options. record to 
				mp3 with your microphone.


free internet window 
				washer 
                4.0   

download now    

    as you work on 
				your computer and browse the internet, you leave behind traces 
				of your activity. with a simple click, free internet window 
				washer securely erases internet tracks, computer 
				activities, and program histories. it also improves pc performance.

eusing cleaner 
				5.5   

download now    


                   
                eusing cleaner allows you to find and remove the 
				unused files in your system, invalid registry entries, delete 
				your internet history, defrag windows registry, provides plug-in 
				support to clean the history for third-party applications.


free 
				ip scanner 
                3.3   

download now  
 
   
				free ip scanner is a very fast ip scanner and port scanner. 
				powered with multi-thread scan technology, it can scan hundreds 
				computers per second. it simply pings each ip address, gets 
				hostname, mac address, netbios information, scans ports, etc.


free 
				ip switcher 
                3.3   

download now    

   
				free ip switcher is a very useful utility when you change your 
				network settings under different locations. it switches between 
				preconfigured network settings with a single click and without 
				any reboot.


eusing maze lock 4.2   

download now    

   
				eusing maze lock uses a pattern based technique to lock your 
				computer. you can set your own unlock pattern. and just draw 
				your pattern connecting the dots and unlock your computer.

fast folder access 2.0   

download now  

                   
                shell enhancement to jump quickly to your favorite folders from 
                within common open/save dialogs, in windows explorer, the desktop, 
                and the start button. it runs automatically as part of the windows 
				explorer context menu and is also a right-click image viewer.


auto window manager 
                2.0   

download now    

   resize your 
				programs automatically, such as 
				maximize, minimize, normal, minimize to tray, stay on top; set 
				the transparency of application 
				windows.


free wma mp3 
				converter 
                2.0   

download now    

   
				free wma mp3 converter helps you convert wma to mp3, mp3 to wma, 
				wav to mp3, wav to wma, mp3 to wav, wma to wav etc. all the 
				conversion process are fast and simple with adjustable output 
				quality.


eusing free 
				registry defrag 2.5   

download now    

   
				eusing free registry defrag is a free registry defragmentation 
				software. it will enhance your system's performance by removing 
				gaps, fragments and wasted space in windows registry files.


eusing launcher 3.5   

download now    

   
				eusing launcher organizes all the desktop icons, allowing you to 
				quickly find any desired icon. you can access any program or 
				windows feature in the shortest time possible and with great 
				ease.


eusing free 
				video converter 2.0   

download now    

   
				eusing free video converter can convert video files between many 
				formats with ease. the output video files can be used on devices 
				such as ipad, ipod, iphone, psp, mp4 player, mobile phone, zune, 
				etc.


eusing free mp3 cutter 
				3.0   

download now    
  new
   
				eusing free mp3 cutter is a simple utility that allows you to 
				cut out pieces of an audio file (mp3, wav, wma). in a few 
				clicks, you can select a part of a song and save the selection 
				in a separate audio file.  it also builds audio joiner and 
				mixer.


eusing free 
				registry jump 2.5   

download now    

   
				free registry jump can jump to a certain registry key or value 
				instantly. you also can manage and directly jump to frequently 
				accessed registry keys. it also can jump to a key you've copied 
				to the clipboard.


eusing utilities 
				2.1   

download now    

   
				eusing utilities can diagnose and optimize your computer. it can 
				view and manage running processes, services and drivers, bho, 
				windows startup etc. it also can remove junk and unnecessary 
				files, clean the registry, scan and remove potential threats.


eusing clock 3.1   

download now    

   
				eusing clock is a small desktop clock application that will 
				place a great looking, colorful clock on the screen of your 
				computer. you can quickly customize the looks, time format and 
				standard as well as the background opacity level.


free picture 
				browser 2.0   

download now    

   
				free picture browser is a simple image viewer. it can quickly 
				browse a large number of pictures. it supports auto browse, 
				image mirroring, image rotation, blurring, sharpening, embossing 
				and other special effects, as well as resizing.


eusing free file 
				recovery 2.0   

download now    

   
				if you can't locate a lost file from your backup, then you can 
				use free file recovery. the windows team has a command line app 
				called windows file recovery. free file recovery adds a 
				graphical user interface (gui) to it.
   
				we also offer the most portable version for installing on usb 
				thumb drives. they are eusing cleaner, cd to mp3 freeware, free 
				internet window washer, eusing free registry cleaner, free ip 
				scanner, free ip switcher, auto window manager, free wma mp3 
				converter, free registry defrag, free video converter, free mp3 
				cutter etc. visit the 'download' page 
				to download them. the portable version comes as a zip file. 
				since it's a portable application, it requires no installation 
				but runs when it's clicked. 









  


 






copyright © 2004-2025 eusing software. all rights reserved