

student exchange program - two worlds united - student exchange programs















    student exchange program   |     program tuition  |   year program  |    semester  |    summer programs    















student exchange program 
two-worlds-united a worldwide leader in international education offers quality  student exchange opportunities.   two worlds united has study abroad summer programs, 3 month trimester programs, 4 to 6 month semesters, and year academic sessions. for details on program fees see the   program tuition page.

the value of cultural student exchange is an experience of a lifetime. the mixing of cultures and backgrounds provides young people with an unforgettable awareness and lifelong appreciation of each other.

			visit the two worlds united website for further information about our student exchange programs.   there is much to choose from. we provide student group exchanges and specialized programs just for teachers as well.  





  select a destination
      australia
     canada
      france
      germany
      italy
        japan
      spain
      uk
        other destinations...
  program information
     student exchange programs
      summer study abroad


















ready to go abroad?  to register and reserve a placement in the student exchange program -  start the process-   apply now


featured exchange programs 



openings - fees & scholarship info 








summer 2017 - what's available?




once again, summer is coming.  the question is where will you spend yours?   paris, rome, london, montreal are great options or why not try a summer on the beach program in spain, france or italy.  whatever your destination, you are sure to have a summer to remember, but don't wait programs are available now, but will fill up quickly.  for prices and additional information  read more




summer - classes or no classes?




many students want to participate in a summer abroad program because it does not interfere with their normal course of high school studies.  what is better, a summer abroad program with or without courses? the answer depends mainly upon your objective, your own personal reason for participating in a summer abroad program.  if you wish to attend a program in a non-english speaking country such as italy, france, spain, japan, china or germany then you will have the option of selecting a program with language courses or without language courses.  if you choose a summer program to england, ireland, new zealand or australia, then you will not have the option to take courses.  read more




what if i have never studied a foreign language before?




most student exchange programs are open to beginners, these include:

semester & year abroad programs in- greece, germany, italy, england, ireland, new zealand, & canada
all summer programs! - summer programs have no foreign language requirement and beginners are welcome







getting credits for overseas study




						 

						today most high schools understand the importance of participating in a study abroad program and how much a student can gain by spending a semester or year abroad.  however, it is very important to ask your high school if you will be given credit for the courses taken while abroad because it is the choice of your high school to give or not give credits. if your family is ready to allow for your travel abroad but would like further discussions to take place with your high school prior to enrollment,  our staff is available to assist in the process.







summer on the beach!




planning a summer abroad?  why not spend it on the beach.  make the most of your summer abroad, choose from spain, france or italy. you'll spend weekday mornings in class studying a foreign language and afternoons at the beach.  specials excursions and tours are included too!   read more




japan - summer 




our japan summer programs are great!  you'll experience true japanese culture, take part in a japanese tea ceremony, learn kendo & akido, learn the art of caligraphy, participate in japanese cooking lessons and choose a kimono for your kimono ceremony.  these activities are all included in the program and take place in the afternoons, while mornings are spent in japanese language courses.    enroll now
  




spain -on the beach




if summer is just not enough time away, try out a fall semester, academic year or a 3 month trimester program in one of our beach cities in spain.  this program has guaranteed placement in coastal cities for qualifying students who are accepted to the program.    enroll now
 




buddy programs




know someone who you'd like to study abroad with?  our buddy programs allow 2 students to travel together on a study abroad and student exchange program, participating locations include france, england, spain, australia and new zealand.  why is a buddy program a good idea for student exchange students?   read more







program openings





fall semester 2017- uk,  spain, italy, greece, france, china germany, ireland, russia, australia, new zealand,  more
year abroad 2017-spain italy, greece, france,  china germany, russia,   more
spring semester 2017- uk,  spain italy, greece, france, china germany, ireland, russia, australia, new zealand,  more
trimester 2017-spain, greece, france, china, australia, new zealand,  more
summer 2017-uk,  spain italy, greece, france,  china germany, ireland, russia, australia, new zealand,  more









costs/fees




how much does it cost to participate in a student exchange program?  there is a fee associated with participation in each program.
fees for all programs are listed  here




scholarships 




partial scholarship awards are awarded each year for some student exchange programs.
to be considered for a scholarship award you must complete this  scholarship application form




payment schedule




have questions about when payments are due?  read more











copyright © 2020 two-worlds-united student exchange program all rights reserved.
student exchange program  |    site map   |   contact us  |    terms of use  |    online privacy policy   |
student exchange  | year abroad | semester | summer program | destinations | teacher programs | group programs | educational facts
student exchange | faq  | two worlds united canada | two worlds united  spain | high school study abroad |  two worlds united study abroad links  
| two worlds united  student travel  |  england updates  |  netherlands updates  |  germany updates |  paris updates  |   japan updates  |  florence updates









