







nations title agency


























login
         | 
        locations
         | 
        contact















home
about
services 

title insurance
settlement & escrow
traveling closings
title search
realtor services
fsbo services


faqs & resources 

title insurance faqs
innovative technology
security & compliance
real estate glossary
learn about the le & cd
why you need title insurance
client testimonials


locations
contact
















why choose nta?

 over 30 years of experience
 built on the principles of trust, security and dependability
 paves the road of advanced technology for the industry


learn more 










faqs & resources
view our resources to learn more about the title industry







fsbo & bulk property sale
fsbo services to complete a property sale







realtor & reo purchase
solutions for title services & loan appraisals
















about us
the residential purchase transaction, when other local parties are involved, takes a hands-on approach with local knowledge, to handle professionally. 
              top real estate professionals and large mortgage lenders enjoy local branches and expertise. each branch has the ability to handle all types of title, 
              settlement and residential mortgages. these are the areas that nations title agency as an entire company is most rooted in, therefore providing you with 
              the best services in the industry.


built on the principles of trust, security and dependability
nta is at the top of the industry in information protection. nta provides fraud prevention and title/settlement underwriters on hand 
                to answer questions in the most up to date and legal fashion.



consists of the best experienced professionals in the business
we set goals in the highest level of excellence - not just for the company as whole, but also for the individuals that we employ. 
                we promote integrity, respect, and teamwork, as well as focus on exceptional communication and ongoing professional development, in an effort to consistently 
                achieve our business goals and objectives. furthermore, we believe that client service should be second nature and foster an environment committed to 
                convenience, responsiveness and positive attitude. nations title agency is known to possess the most professional list of experienced vendors in the industry. 
                a saturday night in a rural area, last minute at a realtor office, can be a real headache. call nta and let the team try to close the loan on time. nta has 
                been ready on the phone and online, every end of the month for 30 years.



paves the road of advanced technology for the industry
at nta, title records for several thousand u.s. counties are contained within the proprietary nta software, webtrax. nta provides the 
                quickest turn times on products and services for mortgage loans. fast, accurate and sound work on end of the month cd preparation is part of the norm. 
                additionally, nta provides the best real time status, ordering, and product fulfillment in the industry. lender and realtor clients will most often order 
                securely via the web interface, proprietary edi or with 3rd party portal protection. partnerships with interfacing companies like realec, calyx and ellie mae, 
                allow nta to serve thousands of mortgage broker clients.









services



nations title agency (nta) was established in 1989 as a part of nations companies, a national real estate information company offering local branch services 
              in key us cities for title insurance, settlement, escrow, fsbo, default and reo as well as appraisal & valuation services.
consumers referred by real estate agents, and or from banks, servicers, credit unions, and mortgage companies enjoy nta as a safe choice for title and escrow.
at nta, technology solutions with the largest tech companies, such as real ec, encompass, and e-pass, have been at the core of nations title services for real 
              estate agents and mortgage lenders.


nations title is a leader with trid - best practices, serving consumers whom are working with the top real estate agencies and mortgage lenders. nations title 
              offers tried and tested 'trid safe' security protection for consumer private information, or nppi.
consumer's customer service levels and ability to communicate any feedback are the highest priorities at nations title. before, during and after a real estate 
              loan or sale transaction, nations title is available to help make the experience flawless and complete for sellers and new homeowners.







title insurance
title insurance expert services







settlement & escrow
closing management services and more







traveling closings
you pick the time & place







title searches
online property records







realtor services
title work focused on realtors







fsbo services
fsbo services to complete a property sale










contact
at nations title agency, service is not just our policy, it's our commitment. fill out our contact form and a member of 
            our team will help you with all your needs.








location:
9001 w 67th st
merriam, ks 66202



email:
nationsales@nationscompanies.com



call:
(877) 256-4117





















main office
alabama
arkansas
arizona
california
florida
indiana
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
michigan
ohio
oklahoma
tennessee
texas
wisconsin










loading

your message has been sent. thank you!






send message














nations title agency

            9001 w 67th st 
            merriam, ks 66202
            united states
email: nationsales@nationscompanies.com
phone: (877) 256-4117
            


            nations title agency, inc. is licensed in the following states:
            co, dc, de, fl, ga, hi, il, in, ks, ky, md, me, mi, mn, mo, ms, mt, nc, nd, ne, nh, nj, ny, oh, pa, ri, tn, va, vt, wi, wv
            


            nations title agency of alabama, inc. is licensed in alabama.
            




 home
 about
 services
 locations
 contact us





 login
 faqs & resources








          ©
          


          nations title agency. all rights reserved.
        























