







turn-key property management – serving our community since 1983








































































 login
 

 



 



 







 
homerentalsapply nowresidentsownersabout usspace place 

	office hours: 
monday-friday 9am-3pm 













 




homerentalsapply nowresidentsownersabout usspace place  

 










turn-key property management
serving our community since 1983
we are a full service property management company specializing in residential properties of all sizes. our mission is to transform our clients investment goals into results through superior management systems, utilizing our vast experience, and knowledge. we strive for excellence through our commitment to delivering outstanding customer service and the highest standard of accountability. we are dedicated to our relationships with both our clients and tenants which is the foundation of our success.









residents
client/owner
apply now
contact us
services

 













 © 2024 turn-key property management
p.o. box 1715 • paso robles, ca 93447
phone: (805) 239-0795 • fax: (805) 239-3711
info@turn-keymgmt.com


 

 corporate id # 01950110
nicole chatham broker lic # 01963904
desiree m lee lic # 02143080
valen chatham lic # 02222928
terms – privacy policy



 











this website or its third-party tools process personal data.in case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link do not sell my personal information.×manage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept




















log in

×







username or email address



password








 




remember me

forgot password?

login








username or email address



 

get new password



back to login







 compare



 





































































 