


zacks investment management























client login
contact
disclosures
search





zacks investment management


x




aboutzacks

difference
philosophy
recognition
legacy


privateclients

private client group
experience
what we offer

independent research
tools
first-class client service

meet the team



financialprofessionals

data-driven investing
why work with zacks
what we offer

investment process
strategies
turnkey solutions
custom asset management
mutual funds


insights
meet the team


institutionalinvestors
 resources

resource library
blog
exclusive content


getstarted



get started














learn more


view our top strategies


how it works



*cnbc ranking: this ranking was awarded by cnbc on 10/2/2024 in respect of the calendar year period of 1/1/2024 to 12/31/2024. we do not compensate cnbc to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to cnbc to use their logo in connection with advertising this ranking. please see full disclosure at end of this document.









privateclients
welcome to zacks private client group 





financialprofessionals
find out how we work with financial professionals 





institutionalinvestors
explore our services for institutional clients 




the power of research
for decades we have been taking independent research and methodically applying it to the investment process, and the benefits are clear: unbiased market insight, a systematic approach to risk and reward, and the confidence that comes from making purely data-driven decisions.
we help financial professionals, private clients and institutional investors to harness the power of independent proprietary research through personalized investment strategies.

“as a subsidiary of zacks investment research, one of the leading independent providers in the country, we are steeped in research like few other firms are. this has led us to numerous award-winning strategies, innovative proprietary models, and an enduring legacy of independence.”

mitch zacks, mba
            ceo, senior portfolio manager
        




daily financial insights from the zacks team.














awards and press
our services and strategies regularly earn us industry recognition, including psn’s manager of the decade* and 6-star ratings**, cnbc’s top 100 advisory firms***, and multiple morningstar rankings****.











find out more about zacks awards and achievements 


*psn ranking: this rating was awarded by psn on 8/19/2024 in respect of the period 1/1/2014 to 12/31/2023. we do not compensate psn to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to psn to use their logo in connection with advertising this rating. please see full disclosure at end of this page.
**psn 6-star rating: these ratings were awarded by psn on 8/19/2024 in respect of the period from 7/1/2019 to 6/30/2024. we do not compensate psn to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to psn to use their logo in connection with advertising this rating. please see full disclosure at end of this page.
***cnbc ranking: this rating was awarded by cnbc on 10/2/2024 in respect of the calendar year period of 1/1/2024 to 12/31/2024. we do not compensate cnbc to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to cnbc to use their logo in connection with advertising this ranking. please see full disclosure at end of this page.
****morningstar rankings: these ratings were awarded by morningstar on 7/1/2024 in respect of the period from strategy inception to 6/30/2024 (inception dates: all cap- 2/1/1995, focus growth - 2/1/2003, dividend-4/1/2004, mid and small cap - 5/1/2009). we do not compensate morningstar to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to morningstar to use their logo in connection with advertising this rating. please see full disclosure at end of this page.






use our independent research to help inform your investment decisions.
find out how











categorized or customized?
while many other firms place investors in broad categories, we provide a flexible range of investment solutions with a process to customize your strategy around your personal goals and preferences.
learn more









our unwavering focus: to methodically reduce risk and improve returns over time.
that’s why independent research is the basis of all our investment models.
view our methodology










blog and resource library
we are a research-driven firm. we publish hundreds of individual insights and reports each year - from the widely read mitch on the markets, to our in-depth monthly stock market report.


view


all categories
awards and press
mitch on the markets
mitch’s mailbox
steady investor’s week




explore more



mitch on the marketsfebruary 11th, 2025the current equity risk premium is zero. should investors ditch stocks?read more mitch's mailboxfebruary 5th, 2025tariffs, inflation and bond yieldsread more uncategorizedfebruary 3rd, 2025fed holds rates steady, deepseek shakes up ai, housing market strengthensread more mitch on the marketsfebruary 3rd, 2025how to think about tariffs in 2025read more uncategorizedjanuary 29th, 2025fear of spending in retirementread more private client groupjanuary 27th, 2025inflation news mostly good, manufacturing rebound, consumer holiday spendingread more  

load more







daily financial tips directlyfrom the zacks family.
go to blog 
















zacks investment management
10 s. riverside plaza, suite 1600, chicago, il 60606-3830

                wholesale: 1 (888) 775-8351 
                private client group: 1 (800) 701-9830
                fax: (312) 267-0105



follow us











copyright © 2025 zacks investment management. all rights reserved.
past performance is no guarantee of future results. inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. this material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. no recommendation or advise is being given as to whether any investment strategy is suitable for an particular investor. it should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. all information is current as the date herein may or may not be realized and no opinion or representation is being given regarding such estimates. this material has been prepared by zacks investment management, inc. on the basis of publicly available information, internally developed data and other third-party sources and does not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information contained herein. indexes are unmanaged and are not for direct investment. investing entails risk, including possible loss of principal.

returns for each strategy and the corresponding morningstar universe reflect the annualized returns for the periods indicated. the morningstar universes used for comparative analysis are constructed by morningstar (median performance) and data is provided to zacks by zephyr style advisor. the percentile ranking for each zacks strategy is based on the gross comparison for zacks strategies vs. the indicated universe rounded up to the nearest whole percentile. other managers included in universe by morningstar may exhibit style drift when compared to zacks investment management portfolio. neither zacks investment management nor zacks investment research has any affiliation with morningstar. neither zacks investment management nor zacks investment research had any influence of the process morningstar used to determine this ranking. these ratings were awarded by morningstar on 7/1/2024 in respect of the period from strategy inception to 6/30/2024 (inception dates: all cap- 2/1/1995, focus growth- 2/1/2003, dividend- 4/1/2004, mid and small cap- 5/1/2009). we do not compensate morningstar to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to morningstar to use their logo in connection with advertising this rating.
psn and informa investment solutions have no affiliation with zacks investment management, but rather evaluate investments managers’ performance on an objective basis. products must have an r-squared of .80 or greater relative to the style benchmark for the latest five-year period ending december 31, 2019. moreover, products must have returns greater than the style benchmark for the latest three-year period ending december 31, 2019. products are then selected which have a standard deviation for the five-year period equal or less than the median standard deviation for the peer group.
psn ranking: this information is distributed for informational purposes only; to notify readers of a psn ranking. the results submitted to psn portray the performance history for a strategy composite gross of fees, and do not include the deduction of investment advisory fees. an investor’s actual return will be reduced by the advisory fees and any other expenses which may be incurred in the management of an investment advisory account. upon request, zacks investment management will provide gross and net performance information for the zacks focus growth strategy. the returns are compared to the russell 1000 growth index. the composite may differ significantly from the securities that comprise the index. individual results may differ. psn and informa investment solutions have no affiliation with zacks, but rather evaluate investment managers’ performance on an objective basis. criteria: the psn universes were created using the information collected through the psn investment manager questionnaire and use only gross of fee returns. mutual fund and commingled fund products are not included in the universe. psn top guns investment managers must claim that they are gips compliant. products must have an r-squared of 0.80 or greater relative to the style benchmark for the ten-year period ending december 31, 2023. moreover, products must have returns greater than the style benchmark for the ten-year period ending december 31, 2023 and also standard deviation less than the style benchmark for the ten year period ending december 31, 2023. at this point, the top ten performers for the latest ten-year period ending december 31, 2023 become the psn top guns manager of the decade. this rating was awarded by psn on 8/19/2024 in respect of the period 1/1/2014 to 12/31/2023. we do not compensate psn to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to psn to use their logo in connection with advertising this rating.

the russell 1000 value index is a well-known, unmanaged index of the prices of 1000 large-company value common stocks selected by russell. the russell 1000 value index assumes reinvestment of dividends but does not reflect advisory fees. an investor cannot directly invest in an index. the volatility of the benchmark may be materially different from the individual performance obtained by a specific investor.
the psn categories used for comparative analysis are constructed by psn (median performance) and data is provided to zacks by psn. the peer groups were created using the information collected through the psn investment manager questionnaire and uses only gross of fee returns. psn top guns investment managers must claim that they are gips compliant. products must have an r-squared of 0.80 or greater relative to the style benchmark for the recent five year period. moreover, products must have returns greater than the style benchmark for the three latest three-year rolling periods. products are then selected which have a standard deviation for the five year period equal or less than the median standard deviation for the peer group. the top ten information ratios for the latest five-year period then become the top guns. other managers included in the category by psn may exhibit style drift when compared to zacks investment management portfolio. neither zacks investment management nor zacks investment research has any affiliation with psn. neither zacks investment management nor zacks investment research had any influence of the process psn used to determine this rating. this rating was awarded by psn on 8/19/2024 in respect of the period from 7/1/2019 to 6/30/2024 we do not compensate psn to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to psn to use their logo in connection with advertising this rating.
cnbc ranking: this information is distributed for informational purposes only; to notify readers of a cnbc ranking. cnbc has no affiliation with zacks, but rather evaluates investment manager performance on an objective basis. criteria: cnbc enlisted data provider accupoint solutions to assist with the ranking of registered investment advisors for its 2024 fa 100 list. the methodology consisted of first analyzing a variety of core data points from accupoint solutions’ proprietary database of registered investment advisors. this analysis used an initial list of 40,896 ria firms from the securities and exchange commission regulatory database. through a process, the list was eventually cut to 903 rias meeting cnbc’s proprietary criteria. cnbc staff sent an email survey/application to all those firms that met the initial criteria to gather more details. in turn, those advisory firms filled out the survey/application regarding their practice. the cnbc team verified that data with those firms and with the sec regulatory database. accupoint once again applied cnbc’s proprietary weighted categories to further refine and rank the firms, ultimately creating the list of the top 100 firms. additionally, an advisor’s appearance on the ranking does not constitute an individual endorsement by cnbc of any firm. the primary data points used in the analysis were reviewed, either as a minimum baseline or within a range, eliminating those firms that did not meet cnbc’s requirements. once the initial list was compiled, weightings were also applied accordingly. these data points included: advisory firm’s regulatory/compliance record, number of years in the business, number of certified financial planners, number of employees, number of investment advisors registered with the firm, the ratio of investment advisors to total number of employees, total assets under management, percentage of discretionary assets under management, total accounts under management, number of states where the ria is registered and country of domicile. this ranking was awarded by cnbc on 10/2/2024 in respect of the calendar year period of 1/1/2024 to 12/31/2024. we do not compensate cnbc to obtain this rating. however, we pay compensation to cnbc to use their logo in connection with advertising this ranking. zacks investment management did not provide any performance metrics to cnbc in regard to this ranking.


top

search






contact
i'm a private client 
i'm a financial professional 

















