




b. f. skinner foundation – better behavioral science for a more humane world
































 


























skip to content







					b. f. skinner foundation
				


















joinlearn

biographical information

skinner’s cv 
 archives

publications

full bibliography books articles in pdf format 
 audio video photos unpublished works other archival collections & resources 
 skinner’s quote of the day articles about skinner resources

continuing education school chart (copyright-free) 
 awards

babat calaba division 25 of american psychological association faba eaba 
 upcoming events other organizations international
operants

previous issues current issue featured article
shopsupport

activities you support our donors advantages of donating legacy giving volunteer committees
permissionsabout us


0



 


toggle website search









0



menu
close





join
learn

biographical information

skinner’s cv


archives

publications

full bibliography
books
articles in pdf format


audio
video
photos
unpublished works
other archival collections & resources


skinner’s quote of the day
articles about skinner
resources

continuing education
school chart (copyright-free)


awards

babat
calaba
division 25 of american psychological association
faba
eaba


upcoming events
other organizations
international


operants

previous issues
current issue
featured article


shop
support

activities you support
our donors
advantages of donating
legacy giving
volunteer committees


permissions
about us


0



 


toggle website search




 








welcome!







better behavioral sciencefor a more humane worldestablished in 1988, the b. f. skinner foundation promotes the science founded by b. f. skinner and supports the practices derived from that science. the foundation advances the understanding that a more humane world is achieved by replacing coercive techniques with positive procedures. we connect scholars, students, and the general public through our magazine, operants. the foundation’s online and physical archives have a wealth of material from skinner’s literary estate, from donations by his colleagues and students, and by family members. the foundation promotes new research and continues to maintain contact with professionals and students worldwide who are former students, or colleagues of b. f. skinner or individuals interested in his work. the foundation is also the prime contact for permissions for reproducing skinner material or for translations of skinner’s works. click here to learn more about our recently completed and ongoing projects.




books
b. f. skinner published 21 books and 180 articles in his lifetime. the b. f. skinner foundation is committed to keeping these important works accessible and affordable.


community
the b. f. skinner foundation community is an interactive  multimedia experience. create an accountand join the discussion on today's science with like-minded individuals.

archives
the primary resource for information about b. f. skinner and his heritage. 














login

donateall proceeds support the b. f. skinner foundation and enable us to continue our important work. thank you to all of current and previous donors for helping us continue our mission of better behavioral science for a more humane world!the newest addition to the skinner for the 21st century series, science and human behaivor: extended edition, is available in hard cover! a pdf version of the book is also available. latest news
new issue of operants magazinethe merchandise store is open!from the new book …
skinner's quote of the day
verbal behavior: extended edition. chapter 5: the tact. quote 21some extended control is … permissible and even useful, but a free extension of the tact cannot be tolerated, particularly in practical and scientific matters. the verbal community deals with this problem by resorting to another behavioral process which sharpens stimulus control and opposes the process of extension. it reinforces responses in the presence of a chosen stimulus property and fails to reinforce, or perhaps even punishes, responses evoked by unspecified properties. (p. 107)
[…]










contact us
permissions
terms and conditions
privacy policy
donate 



b. f. skinner foundationone mifflin place, suite 400cambridge, ma 02138tel: +1.617.661.9209 copyright ©2024 b. f. skinner foundation.
all rights reserved.

 





				better behavioral science for a more humane world			








every purchase from our online store benefits the foundation!  dismiss×cart






