








official personal website of jesse friedman from capturing the friedmans | free jesse








































contact
f.a.q.
 
 



menu
skip to content
home
jesse’s story

jesse tells his story
excerpts from his memoirs
personal message from jesse
hannah r.i.p.


the case

if you are looking for a quick summary of the friedman case…
case chronology
co-defendant ross goldstein’s recantation


the appeal

to learn about the friedman case, a good place to start
chronology of appeal and legal documents
affidavits in support of jesse’s innocence
letter from andrew jarecki and marc smerling


resources

judicial complaint and defamation suit against district attorney
response to the conviction integrity review report
freedom of information law application


media and press

media and press
press releases
blog


 









coming soonname page placeholder more »if you are looking for a quick summary of the friedman case…in july 2010, the federal second circuit court of appeals said there was “a reasonable likelihood” that jesse friedman was wrongfully convicted. in 1988 jesse friedman was coerced into pleading guilty to scores of incredible and imaginary crimes of child sexual abuse, and sentenced to 18 years in prison more »to learn about the friedman case, a good place to startit is nearly impossible to concisely summarize the decades’ long legal proceedings, review the thousands of pages of exculpatory evidence, understand the nearly 40 eye-witnesses statements affirming they never witnessed any sexual abuse occurring during any of the friedman computer classes, or the 17 years of legal filings.  however… to try and summarize as briefly … continue reading home → more »co-defendant ross goldstein’s recantationstate’s witness ross goldstein speaks about the friedman case for the first time since 1988. ross goldstein’s statement to the conviction review board. (pdf) more »letter from andrew jarecki and marc smerlingwe are thrilled to report that nassau county supreme court judge ruled that the district attorney must turn over to jesse friedman's lawyers "every scrap of paper" related to the friedman case ....  more » 








				©2025 | all rights reserved			





