





uno television | university of nebraska omaha
















skip to main content

 






university of nebraska omaha




apply
my uno
directory

search uno


















search uno

















students
faculty
staff
community










college of communication, fine arts and media
uno television














apply
my uno
directory




students
faculty
staff
community







search uno















about us
 

backback to main menu



staff directory
                                        
uno tv on vimeo
cfam news & events


support cfam


 







uno television







uno
college of communication, fine arts and media
uno television








a unit of uno’s college of communication, fine arts and media, uno television (uno tv) provides production, program distribution and educational services to a diverse group of local, regional and national users.






the uno tv studio provides a laboratory where uno broadcasting students receive applied instruction on professional broadcast equipment from professors and professionals in the industry. 



learn more







                as an integral part of the university, we provide unique educational opportunities to students through training and employment in a professional environment.
            


stream uno tv live on tkn.com






services

uplinks
studio production
field production
dvd creation

online course delivery
we are the site coordinator for scheduling and facilitating online courses for uno. our delivery systems include the lincoln/omaha 2-way fiber system connecting uno, the university of nebraska-lincoln (unl), and the university of nebraska medical center (unmc), as well as the statewide neb*sat interactive network 3 and the new digital network 2 systems. 
our work with net
uno tv operates the omaha production center for nebraska educational telecommunications (net) television, one of the country's foremost state networks. we also produce instructional, educational and public affairs programs for statewide distribution on net.
our work with the knowledge network
we also provide local programming for the knowledge network (tkn) of greater omaha, a nonprofit designed to provide educational services via local broadcast and cable television. tkn programs air on cox communications channel 18 and centurylink channel 69.
uno television program schedules 








showcasing outstanding student creations!


the film, “for us kids: a peony park memoir,” is a 25-minute documentary about one of the midwest’s most-attended amusement parks during its existence from 1919 until its closing in 1994. the feature includes a number of interviews from those who worked, lived and played at the park, including former omaha mayor mike boyle and nebraska congressman lee terry.
as a class project for school of communication professor chris allen, uno students brittany crider, christine dunn, amanda push, jamieson ranallo, tara spencer and stephen tatum spent 2013 researching, filming and editing the film.
the film was selected for the 2014 film streams local filmmaker’s showcase. click below to watch the film in its entirety on the uno tv vimeo channel!





more information


















college of communication, fine arts and media






contact us

college of communication, fine arts and media
                                    314
                                                                weber fine arts building
                                
6505 university drive south
                                                                    
omaha, ne 68182
                                                                              map




402.554.3857
cfam@unomaha.edu


social media




college resources

school of the arts
school of communication
school of music
writer's workshop
art gallery
speech center
uno theatre
kvno













 



next steps


visit uno


request information


apply for admission


the uno advantage


our city (omaha)




just for you


future students


current students


work at uno


faculty and staff


a-z list




popular services and resources


my.unomaha.edu


academic calendar


campus buildings & maps


library


pay your bill


course catalogs


internships & career development


the maverick store


mavcard services


military-connected resource center


speech center


writing center


human resources


center for faculty excellence




affiliates


university of nebraska system


nu foundation


buffett early childhood institute


daugherty water for food institute


national strategic research institute


peter kiewit institute


rural prosperity nebraska











university policies


privacy statement


accessibility


















toggle theme





                  light
                  





                  dark
                  





                  auto
                  








402.554.2800










university of nebraska omaha



                university of nebraska omaha,
                6001 dodge street,
                omaha, ne, 68182 





©
                        
                         
                    

emergency information alert

mavsreport





social media


















our campus. otherwise known as omaha.




the university of nebraska does not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, and/or political affiliation in its education programs or activities, including admissions and employment. the university prohibits any form of retaliation taken against anyone for reporting discrimination, harassment, or retaliation for otherwise engaging in protected activity. read the full statement.









