

































































north platte telegraph | breaking news | read north platte, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















12°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



agriculture



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



huskers



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & gardening



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



life event




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



north platte archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



janssen



marketplace



shop local



public notices



deals




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



photo submissions



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

janssen








12°
cloudy
























        
        
            three north platte wrestlers win district titles, 11 qualify for state tournament

bulldogs won three individual district titles and north platte placed second as a team at the class a, district 3 meet at papillion-la vista south saturday. 

















        
        
            rick windham: just trying to stay warm!

except for friday, the rest of this week has been frigid to say the least. when they said arctic air, they meant it. it has been cold! 

















        
        
            north platte telegraph area sports recap, feb. 14

thursday 

















        
        
            jacobson rail safety bill on lincoln county board agenda

lincoln county commissioners will meet in the north platte courthouse at 9 a.m. tuesday, a day later than usual due to the president’s day holiday. 

















        
        
            ibach seeks to cancel bill moving dawson county to mid-plains; 340b drug bill advances

state sen. teresa ibach says local lexington leaders and the central and mid-plains community college areas are working on a contract to cooperate to upgrade ccc's lexington learning center.

















        
        
            55-year-old north platte man charged with two felonies after tuesday incident

a 55-year-old north platte man has been charged with two felonies in connection to an incident in the 2300 block of east philip ave. on tuesday. 

















        
        
            heirigs scores 19 as st. pat's beats rival hershey

ben heirigs scored a game-high 19 points as the st. pat’s boys defeated hershey 65-37 on thursday in north platte.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            55-year-old north platte man charged with two felonies after tuesday incident



















        
        
            north platte neighbors: obituaries for february 15


















        
        
            atypical tif study, pals brewing annexation to face north platte city council















                
                the latest



















        
        
            north platte neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in north platte telegraph. 




















        
        
            atypical tif study, pals brewing annexation to face north platte city council

an extension of north platte’s first approved microtif project also appears on the agenda for tuesday's 5:30 p.m. city council meeting in the city hall council chamber.




















        
        
            nebraska keno income shows usual fall gains but long-term declines

north platte’s keno lottery broke a year-long slide by bringing in $1.32 million from oct. 1 to dec. 31. fall 2023 proceeds across west central nebraska also bucked statewide trends.




















        
        
            unicam budget hearings start next week; regional schedule light

public hearings on 2025 unicameral bills start at 1:30 p.m. ct daily in lincoln’s state capitol. the legislature’s website (nebraskalegislature.gov) offers access to bill texts, related documents and hearing livestreams.













                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            north platte telegraph area sports recap, jan. 29

boys basketball 




















        
        
            north platte community college women dominate york

north platte finished the night with six players in double-digits tuesday, as they dominated the york university jv 95-22. 




















        
        
            north platte community college men top northeastern 81-68

sterling, colo. — alex harper connected on 5-of-8 from beyond the arc tuesday to help north platte down northeastern junior college 81-68 on the road. 




















        
        
            st. pat's boys top hershey, irish girls defeat kimball in spva tournament consolation

the st. pat's boys defeated hershey, and the st. pat's girls defeated kimball on saturday in the spva tournament consolation games.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            from the pulpit: grace is a gift from god

recently i was visiting a couple in the community that has been struggling. partially they are struggling because of their own decisions and partially because of their environment. in my experience, it can be a catch-22 to find your way out of a situation like theirs. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            jordan sieh, doctor of nursing practice, takes new role as hospitalist at gothenburg health

content by gothenburg health. gothenburg health has named jordan sieh, doctor of nursing practice, as its new hospitalist, enhancing patient-centered care and strengthening collaboration between hospital and primary care providers.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            edward jones - eric peterka



                                        601 south dewey ste 5, north platte, ne 69101
                                    






















        
        
            kelsey's bar



                                        219 rodeo rd, north platte, ne 69101
                                    






















        
        
            pop corner



                                        1847 w a st, north platte, ne 69101
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

farm & ranch

event calendar

join our team

public notices

newsletter sign-up

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

search for jobs

announcement submission

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        the north platte telegraph, 621 north chestnut street, po box 370, north platte, ne 69103
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe

























