 













































the decal factory - the decal factory


























products


banners


domed decals


ecodomes


electroplated labels


product labels


security products


stickers


dealer kits


promotional products




about us


artwork requirements


brand creation


faqs


pay your bill


privacy policy




blog


contact us


quote


upload

























 









800.369.5331

serving customers since 1983


providing decals, labels, banners, counter mats,domed decals, and security products

outstanding customer service, competitive pricing












decal factory
banners  -  domed decals  -  ecodomes  -  electroplated labels  -  product labels  -  security products  -  stickers  -  dealer kits  -  promotional products









what our clients have to say




being an experienced company with the concern of upholding our great reputation we decided to use the decal factory for our security signs. our logo is a two color logo with tight color registration which needs special care in lining up the colors properly. the decal factory was able to provide us with a beautiful vibrant logo that had perfect color registration. the signs were also extremely durable and of high quality. the service was incredible and they kept us informed throughout the whole printing process. we recommend using the decal factory, they have helped us provide our customer with a professional product!
lois loggia  -  avd security inc


my name is john malisic i am a president/owner of sgm delta technologies llc. out of highland indiana. i purchased my company's first yard signs through the decal factory at really amazing prices. at first i thought it was to good to be true and all kind of thoughts came to my mind. are these signs good for my business? they seem to be so cheap. but after talking to one of the reps at the decal factory and when my signs arrived at my office i was amazed with the quality for the money i paid. these days everyone is trying to save. i feel my business is in the right hands with the decal factory.
john malisic  -  sgm delta technologies


i have been purchasing decals and yard signs from the decal factory for over 10 years. the decals and yards signs have always been top quality no matter if regular order or "gang run". the sales staff have always been very responsive no matter what the question. the products i use still look great even after years of outside exposure. very satisfied customer.
david gilding  -  advantage security


sent picture to right of how decal is being used. he also sent along the following story. here is a picture of a mini-event for posting the first decal on one of our cargo loaders. this is what the product will be used for. the timing is perfect for these decals. a little background: we are a hub for cargo needed in current world events; our workload is incredible and pretty well hazardous. the cargo is transferred via similar loaders to the one in the picture. these decals will remind our troops to focus on getting the mission done safely.
chris w. lawrence, tsgt  -  usaf


h&r special springs has used the decal factory for manufacturing their decals, banners and mouse pads. we are very happy with the decal factories service, price and quality of the products is a cut above the rest. they supply what we need fir to our product not what they sell or think what we need. we would and have recommended the decal factory, to others in our industry. the decals are our promotions to be applied to customer cars when our springs are installed. banner is for retail outlets.
  h&r special springs


we at fantom have purchased from the decal factory decals, labels, and banners: each of the products have been of high quality, the knowledge of their products assisted us in determining the best product for our application. the follow up once they manufactured a product was beyond what we expected. if there were problems the decal factory solved the problem immediately, so we could continue on with our production. we recommend the decal factory, to others in our industry. the decal and labels are affixed to electric motors and logo sheets that customers us to display our name during races. the banners are displayed during races and in retail outlets.
  fantom racing motors


the bumper stickers were a great hit at the american planning association conference where they were made available last week. many attendees wanted several of them to take back and distribute to their planning staff coworkers.
patrick f mullaly  -  ldr international an hntb company


xxxmain as our decal supplier we are very satisfied with the service, quality and pricing that the decal factory has given us. they seek to manufacture the decals we need using the correct material and type of printing in building the correct decal to fit well with our desired need. the decal factory in our experience will go to great lengths to make sure we are satisfied with the decals. the decals are for racers to display our logo on their cars while they race.
  xxxmain


we have used the decal factory for twenty years and are very happy with their pricing, quality and their service is excellent.
  arrowhead water


i never thanked you for the synergy stickers! they turned out great. we are very happy with them. thank you for the great service. i will highly recommend your business to my contacts.
larry kantor  -  synergy world, inc.


just wanted to thank you for all of your help but mostly your excitement with window wisdoms! there is so much good that will come out of this project. some people say that god works in mysterious ways. i know that god works in wonderful ways and that his ways are always perfect. that, i am sure, is why we met you and the decal factory.
pamela  


i received the decals earlier this week and i am delighted. the colors and material are perfect. thank you for taking the time to get the order right the first time and educate me in the process. i look forward to working with the decal factory in the future.
  high speed wireless internet


i want to thank for a very successful project. the point of sale signs you made for us are fantastic. your whole team from design to production did a great job. your pricing was second to none, turnaround time was fantastic, and patience with us as we made proof changes is greatly appreciated! i look forward to doing business again.
dale hawker  


i wanted to take some time to let you know how pleased we were with your work. from start to finish everything your company provided was outstanding. from assisting with designing the artwork, quick responses back, and an outstanding final product; it was a great experience. i will be referring you and your company to anyone who asks about pos material and i am sure i will be contacting you in the future for other programs.
diana lunsford  -  city sales inc.


we have just received our decals and i would like to thank you - they look great!  i know who i will be calling next time we need decals!
amy stoll  -  force ten, inc.


the 9" x 9" reflective signs are great and we would like to thank everyone involved for the prompt and courteous service.
eric deal  -  white bluff fire department


i was working with five different companies who manufacture or produce counter mats. basically, what i was shopping for was a company who could offer a fair price for a quality product. not only did the decal factory offer a fair price and superior quality to the other four companies, they presented exemplary service and innovative ideas. where i would fall short in a concept or idea, they would provide suggestions and solutions neither i nor the other companies could have even thought. my original design and layout, which was good, became an excellent product after the inputs and suggestions from the staff of the decal factory. i will definitely use the decal factory in future projects and would recommend them to anyone who wants a quality job done the right way at a fair price.
kyle j. nobles  -  apoc, a division of gardner-gibson


well we finally got our battery stickers today, and we got them applied to a couple of batteries. i have to say, after all the effort getting these done, these stickers are nice! way better than i had hoped. colors are perfect and i love the toughness of the stickers. they are going to last and last!
kendall bennett, ceo  -  a main hobbies














grow your business with
our products












pop-up canopies, retractable, bow, teardrop
banners
banners are more than the sum of their parts.  far beyond just vinyl and grommets, banners are custom visual solutions.
more information











bubble stickers, puffy stickers and badges
domed decals
the three-dimensional element can really make your logo “pop” and stand out from more traditional, flat decals.
more information











foil-stamping, embossing, spot varnishes
roll labels
let us help you create the perfect label for your application.
more information











decals, overlays, thermal diecuts, and more
stickers
simply put, decals are the most visible, cost effective way to identify your products and reinforce your brand at a value that can’t be matched by other mediums.
more information











authorized dealer decals, banners, counter mats
fullfillment
equip your dealers to work for you, not your competition.
more information











the decal factory's total commitment is to meet the needs of our customers!
contact us









we are here
for you
when you work with the decal factory you work with a printer who puts your business needs first.
address: 10861 vandale san antonio tx 78216
toll free: (800) 369-5331
fax: (509) 465-8934
hours: monday-friday 8-5 pacific time










contact
us


















 contact us 















home ·
banners ·
domed decals ·
ecodomes ·
electroplated labels ·
prop 65 warning labels ·
security products ·
stickers ·
fullfillment ·
about us ·
contact us·
order·
upload


							copyright © 2025 the decal factory, all rights reserved.
privacy policy




















 (800) 369-5331 · the decal factory
						


























