







heartfelt psychotherapy














































0















hey, i’m sharon















i provide psychotherapy to all ages in nyc as a licensed creative arts therapist




    work with me
  








































licensed and board certified therapist
i work with children, teens, and adults, specializing in identity and self-esteem, anxiety, depression, and trauma











8+ years of experience
i worked with survivors of domestic violence, the asian american community, students ranging from preschool through post-college, young professionals, and children and adults on the autism spectrum











virtual and in-person
my therapy space is conveniently located in midtown manhattan. i also provide virtual therapy within new york state







































client centeredi believe in meeting you where you are during each session. i draw from a variety of skills using cbt, dbt, psychodynamic psychotherapy, nurtured heart approach, art therapy, and play therapy. we will collaborate to find what feels best for you.



my approach



culturally sensitivei believe in taking time to understand all facets of a person and their identity. i am passionate about serving poc and marginalized communities. i specialize in serving the asian american diaspora and understanding the first and second generation experience. i have run therapeutic workshops with deaf students in peru and the aborginal community in australia.



trauma informedevery person differs in the way they carry the wounds of their difficult experiences. i prioritize creating a comfortable environment and following a pace that feels safe for each client. i blend a deeper exploration of the past with coping strategies for the present and future.

























































































































































































































what is art therapy



goes beyond wordsour creative self-expression allows us to process our feelings on a deeper level and reach our therapeutic goals without depending on only words to get us there.  it is helpful for anyone at any age. 




feels empoweringart making can serve as a soothing tool that regulates the body. it can leave you feeling accomplished, creative, and playful… all the keys to breaking out of feeling ‘stuck’




strengthens talk therapyart therapists have the tools to strengthen the therapeutic modalities you would find in traditional talk therapy, such as cbt, dbt, humanistic, and psychodynamic psychotherapy, while providing additional ways to process these concepts in a creative way




























what clients are saying



“sharon has helped me change my life, she guided me in moving me forward in the right direction: the direction i wanted to go in.”verified client



"the value of having a space where i was heard, supported, and understood cannot be understated. when words failed, drawing was how i was able to express my inner experience, which sharon helped me process."verified client



























faq








            who benefits from art therapy
          










any one at any age! yes, it is commonly known as a fantastic option for children, non-verbal individuals, and neurodivergent minds. it is equally effective for the intellectualizer looking to get more in touch with their inner selves. it can also be for the artist looking to move beyond their perfectionist ways.








            do i have to make art?
          










no, you do not need to be an artist or make art in session! it is an option that can enrich the therapeutic process if you so choose. 








            do you accept insurance
          










i am an out-of-network provider and can provide superbills for reimbursement. i work with mentaya which is service that can take all the work out of submitting claims and do it for you. 








            what are your rates?
          










45 minute sessions are $20060 minute sessions are $245i offer limited sliding scale slots based on financial standing






























get in touch!



schedule a free 15 minute consultation










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              phone
              
                *




(###)





###





####





              message
              
                *








thank you!













































sharon chungpsychotherapist, atr-bc, lcat



6 east 39th street, suite 602 new york ny 10016‪(917) 410-0042‬sharonchungtherapy@gmail.com











