





d. h. ramsey library special collections home page














 




collections

books
manuscripts
photographs
oral histories
periodicals
audio and video
realia and artifacts
vertical files
university archives
unca seniors theses and projects





							contact us

hours
visiting campus
campus map




services

general policies
photocopy services
digital reproduction services and fees
publication fees
audio tape reproduction
web site use
reference services




about

purpose
collection development policy
donations guide
donor agreement form
copyright information
guidelines for use
staff documentation




programs

reference
instructional programs
oral history program




















	special collections has a new website!  please visit us at https://specialcollections.unca.edu/  

special collections was founded in 1977 as the southern highlands research center with the mission of collecting resources that document the diverse culture and history of asheville and western north carolina, a mission we continue to this day. our collections include manuscripts, books, oral histories, photographs, and other materials. 
university archives includes records, photographs, and publications documenting the history of the university of north carolina at asheville. our archivists assist the unca community with questions about records retention as outlined in the unc system’s records retention and disposition schedule.
we welcome students, faculty, staff, community  members, and researchers to use  special collections and university archives. we’re located on the third floor of d.h. ramsey library on the unc asheville campus. our reading room hours are posted below, and we are also available by appointment. as part of our mission to serve the unc asheville community, special collections  also provides instruction, reference services, and  internship  opportunities to support undergraduate curricula and  individual student  research. please contact us at speccoll@unca.edu for research assistance.  
we are pleased to announce the donation of the bill and alice hart collection, a comprehensive collection of over 1200 monographs and over 25 linear feet of books and other materials documenting western north carolina history and culture. read about the collection on the unc ashevile news site and in the appalachian curator.  
are you having trouble citing primary sources? check out our guide to citing primary sources in chicago/turabian style.
for news and updates about our collections, please refer to our blog, unc asheville archives. we are also on facebook



our collections include:
manuscript collections
photograph collections
university archives
books and periodicals
oral histories
maps 
vertical files 
unca senior papers & projects 
institutional repository - nc docks
film, video, audio, & music 
realia & artifacts  
web exhibits
 


 
 

special collections is open by appointment only.  appointments are available monday-thursday from 9 am to 4 pm.   
for reference questions or to schedule an appointment, please call 
            (828) 251-6645 or email us at speccoll@unca.edu 

ad-hoc changes to the stated hours may be necessary to accommodate classes. please contact us to confirm hours.

campus circa 1985 [university archives bdg6415]






 asheville-biltmore college, the precursor to unc asheville, from the lecompte postcard collection
university timeline 1927 - 2017



copyright ©2019    d. h. ramsey library special collectionsuniversity  of north carolina at asheville, 
        one university heights, 
        asheville, nc 28804-8504 
        828 251-6645



updated august 2022
please send comments to speccoll@unca.edu







special collections
ramsey library
unc asheville 




