





"piano information and appraisal, piano information and prices, official bluebook of pianos resale value - your piano's worth"













   

     











       

       
































                 















                 the bluebook of pianos

piano 
    information & appraisals
    the  piano book online

"everything you always 
    wanted  to know about pianos but didn't know who to ask"










the "bluebook of pianos" has been published for over   50 years. 
        you may only buy or sell one piano in your lifetime. this guide should answer 
        your questions. read it, apply it;  and get the best price for your 
        piano.  our piano information is used by libraries, retailers, factories, 
        salespeople, music teachers, and auction houses. our  new and used 
        piano prices are used by technicians and  appraisers. we are committed to 
        providing accuracy and fairness in a product that exceeds your  
        expectations.~  














vintage pianos 
| 


archives |

rating guide
| music

|

piano age 
| 

sell your piano | 
piano

types |
piano 
prices 












                the bluebook of 
        pianos is an invaluable 
        handbook for anyone who owns or plans to buy a piano. after an 
        illustrated discussion of piano structure that explains the workings of 
        both grand and upright pianos, the book gives careful advice for 
        purchasing a new or used piano. attention is given to 
        important considerations such as price, tone, construction, consumer 
        ratings and brand name recognition.  







        our  information starts with people,  not computers,  and  
        understanding how you are going to use it is important so we  
        specialized in learning  about your  needs,  your  
        uses,  and finally,  designing  these pages  to  
        address your  situation. within the limited confines of a single 
        website it is impossible to pass on to you all of the piano knowledge 
        that we should like you to possess.  no one has all of the answers, 
        but we do have an extensive piano information library from which to do 
        piano research, and we offer it to as wide an audience as 
        possible. ~  


























new - used 
- pianos - grand pianos - upright  piano - spinet pianos- console pianos - 
studio piano  
mini pianos - vintage antique pianos - 


new & used vertical & grand player pianos
 





































copyright 2015 © bluebook 
        of pianos 


all rights reserved


