





vermont travel guides, attractions, & vacation planning | visit vermont


































maps
subscribe












blog













state: vt

connecticut

state
fairfield southwest
hartford central
litchfield northwest
mystic eastern
new haven south central

maine

state
bar harbor acadia
greater portland
mid coast
northern maine
south coast
western lakes mountains

massachusetts

state
boston
cape cod & the islands
central mass.
north of boston
south of boston
western mass.

new hampshire

state
dartmouth-lake sunapee
great north woods
lakes
merrimack valley
monadnock
seacoast
white mountains

rhode island

state
blackstone valley
block island
newport
providence warwick
south county

vermont

state
central
northeast kingdom
northern
southern

new england

all new england



where to visit
things to do and see
places to stay
events
weddings
food & drink
travel information





 











vermont





vermont





vermont





previous



next












central









northeast kingdom









northern









southern















welcome to visit vermont!
fall in the green mountains: harvest bounty & fiery colors

vermont is a place, but also a state of mind that revels in outdoor beauty, good food, and the preservation of unique small towns and cities. visitors love vermont for its colorful fall foliage; ski resorts including killington, smugglers' notch, ascutney, stowe, and mount snow; mountain vistas; and attractions for families and kids. although vermont is an inland state, there are wonderful beaches along lake champlain, along with many lakes, streams, and swimming holes.
vt quick links: great things to do - events calendar- state map



© thomas schoeller photography




vermont regions and highlights:
central vermont

in the center of this region is green mountain national forest, which welcomes nature lovers all year. major ski areas here include killington, okemo, sugarbush, and middlebury. families can enjoy the outdoors and get hands-on with nature at billings farm & museum and the vermont institute of natural science in woodstock, vt, the new england maple museum in rutland, vt. the state capitol of montpelier, vt is fun and full of activity. the vermont country store in weston, vt is treasure house of nostalgic shopping.







northeast kingdom region

the term northeast kingdom was a distinction first mentioned by former governor george aiken in the late 1940s to refer to the natural majestic beauty of the area, which follows the northern reaches of the connecticut river alongside new hampshire from st. johnsbury, vt to the canadian border, then east to the eastern edge of the green mountains at jay peak. much of the area is pristine wilderness - great forests and hilly plains that provide the perfect setting for camping or hunting, dotted with glacial lakes including lake memphremagog, which stretches from the city of newport, vt deep into quebec, canada.







northern vermont

in the state's northwestern corner you can find the dynamic city of burlington, vt, right on the shore of lush lake champlain and a great place to be for good food, entertainment, a lake excursion or public festival. the nearby state capitol montpelier, vt is the smallest, and one of the prettiest, in the entire country. (please give them your support to help recover from the recent catastrophic flooding!)
the ski areas here are among the most recognized names in the world for winter sports - stowe and smugglers' notch, vt. families and kids have plenty to do in the area, from a visit to the cows at the ben & jerry's factory in waterbury, vt to a journey into history or science at the shelburne museum in shelburne, vt.







southern vermont

a short drive from new york and boston, southern vermont has a great mix of year-round outdoor activities, historic sites, outlet shopping, beautiful village greens, fall foliage, and covered bridges. the area's large ski areas at stratton, peru, west dover and londonderry, vt offer great family fun in summer as well as winter. principal towns are brattleboro, vt - artsy and bohemian; bennington, vt - home of norman rockwell; and manchester, vt - a historic resort town with great shopping.
great things to do in vermont



© thomas schoeller photography

















destinations


all new england
connecticut
maine
massachusetts
new hampshire
rhode island
vermont
state map


company


about us
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
site map


partnership


advertise
submit a listing
submit an event


top articles


great things to do
fairs and festivals
family activities
winter activities
fall foliage
pet friendly lodging
romantic gateways
waterfront lodging






tm © 2025  travel media group llc & visit new england®. all rights reserved.
top

 







