









city of hayward - official website









































skip to main content





search modal button

 
mobile menu button









police
fire
airport
library
 








make a payment
access hayward
translate
search
 









 






discover






 

look deeper
people throughout the bay area and beyond are quickly discovering what makes hayward such an exceptional place to live, work and play. discover hayward overview 




by the numbershayward socialnewsthe stackcity of hayward calendarcommunity calendar 



special eventskhrt channel 15for the mediamapshayward history 









residents






 

welcome home
from the peaks of the eastern hills to the city's pristine shoreline, 150,000 people call hayward home and nearly 65,000 pursue their education in the heart of the bay. find the resources you need here. residents overview 




housingutilitiesemergency & safetyeducation & schoolsstreets & transportationarts & leisure 



get involvedsenior servicesparatransitequity & inclusionafghan relief and assistance efforts 









business






 

where opportunity lives
let's build something great together.today's bay area is arguably the most competitive business environment in the united states. we get that. a "business friendly" location isn't enough; you need a partner who shares your goals. luckily, you picked hayward. business overview 




starting a businessrunning a businessdoing business with haywardfor developersincentives & resources 



hayward open for businesshayward live!together for tennyson - business directorytogether for hayward - egift cardslocal minimum wage 









services






 

find what you need. fast.
chances are, you're not here to hang out. when you visit our website, you're trying to get something done, like report graffiti, pay your water bill or find out how to get a building permit. we're working hard to make the services we provide accessible, understandable and easy to use. city services overview 




permit centere-permits portale-permits help centerpermits, plans & projects (a-z) 



city servicesaccess haywardmake a payment 









your government






 

working for you
our council-manager form of government combines the strong civic leadership of elected officials with the strong managerial experience of an appointed city manager. beyond all else, we are a service organization, and we are here to serve you, the public. we're doing our part to drive hayward forward. your government overview 




how local government worksvisit city halldepartments & divisionscity councilappointed bodiescouncil standing committeesdissolved bodies 



meetings & agendaselectionscodes/regulationsdocuments/reportsspecial projects & studiesworking for haywardwatch meetings online 









your environment






 

your hayward environment
we need everyone's involvement to protect and strengthen hayward’s environment. this site is a one-stop shop for the resources you need to go green at home, at work, and in your community. thank you for everything you do to keep hayward great for future generations! your environment overview 




using water wiselyearth day poster & writing contest winnersgarbage & recyclingkeep hayward clean & green task forcethe leaflet 



hayward housing element, climate action plan, safety element & environmental justice updateseed savers & gardeners clubsustainability committee meetingsactive and public transportation 


























you are here.

so is everything else.



search form


submitsearch



 


picure caption button
beautiful open space, a vibrant downtown, and an engaged community: hayward has it all.






 




  advisory notice of data security incident  

 







latest news







 city government 
 save the date: mayor salinas will deliver state of the city address—march 11  
   hayward mayor mark salinas will deliver the annual state of the city address at a free public gathering at 6 p.m. on tuesday, march 11, at the hayward unified school district performing arts center at 2390 panama street in hayward.  the state of the city address is an opportunity each year for hayward’s mayor to provide an...read more 
 tue, 02/11/2025  

 







community
join depot road neighborhood community clean-up event—feb. 22  

city government
february holiday closures and service changes—feb. 12 and 17  


visit the news center 
 




find information on upcoming legislative meetings, agendas & related staff reports: meetings & agendas sign up to receive agendaswatch city council meetings stream online on youtube or khrt:watch the meeting on youtube watch the meeting on khrt  






upcoming events




experience hayward like never before by using both the city of hayward calendar and our new community calendar below. 


 
17
feb
 
 
monday / 12:00 am
city hall and nonessential services closure: monday, feb. 17, 2025
hayward city hall
  

 
18
feb
 
 
tuesday / 7:00 pm
city council meeting: feb. 18, 2025
hybrid participation
  

 
19
feb
 
 
wednesday / 5:30 pm
council budget & finance committee meeting: feb. 19, 2025
hybrid participation
  


view city of hayward calendar of eventsview community calendar of events 
 







 



look deeper into why hayward is such an exceptional place to live, work and play.


launch video of "look deeper into why hayward" button


discover hayward 














the city of hayward is at your service! access hayward is an online tool that connects you directly to the people, services, and resources that make our city great.


reportproblems
graffiti, abandoned cars or public safety concerns: report these and other issues directly to us and we’ll get to work on them.


askquestions
you have questions, we have answers. use access hayward to make sure your question is routed to the right person and handled properly by our team.


make asuggestion
we want to hear from you! this is a quick and easy way to make a suggestion, compliment a member of our staff or share an idea with us



download the access hayward app for your mobile phone.
 get the iphone app
 get the android app
 







top access hayward links:
top five 
01 make a payment02 apply for a permit03 request tree trimming04 report an abandoned vehicle05 report trash accumulation 











  






facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubenextdoor 


 


510-583-4000info@hayward-ca.gov777 b street hayward, ca 94541open dataaccess haywardpermit centeryou are here.so is everything else.stay informed about what's happening in your neighborhood and around town.sign up for the stack
 


 






privacy | terms | web policies


          copyright © 2024 city of hayward - all rights reserved
        


 


  













the city of hayward is at your service! access hayward is an online tool that connects you directly to the people, services, and resources that make our city great. 
 
report
            problems
graffiti, abandoned cars or public safety concerns: report these and other issues directly to us and we’ll get to work on them.
 
ask
            questions
you have questions, we have answers. use access hayward to make sure your question is routed to the right person and handled properly by our team.
 
make a
            suggestion
we want to hear from you! this is a quick and easy way to make a suggestion, compliment a member of our staff or share an idea with us
 

download the access hayward app for your mobile phone.
 get the iphone app  get the android app 






 


 















 


 
 translate  please choose a language below to be translated by google.

select languageenglishchinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)filipinofrenchgermankoreanpashtopersianportugueserussianspanishvietnamese
 
searchyou are here. so is everything else.
search form


submitsearch




  






