 


http://www.henrymarkholzer.com/introduction.html




 








































introduction










constitutional law










audio commentary










worst s/ct decisions










curriculum vitae










practice of law










books










justice thomas book










articles










reviews










blog










contact










downloads

















introduction





  
this site has not been updated since december 31, 2011.

for additional information, please visit: www.henrymarkholzer.blogspot.com.] 
 
 printable
i received my b.a. degree from new york university, where i studied russian and political science.
after graduation in 1954, i served in korea with united states army intelligence, holding top-secret security clearance, and was chief order of battle analyst (chinese communist forces) at eighth army headquarters in seoul.
following my military service, i earned my juris doctor degree at new york university school of law. since december 7, 1959, i have practiced constitutional and appellate law.  (my clients have included owners of pre-legalized gold, veterans seeking medical benefits, soviet dissidents and defectors, and the author ayn rand.)
 
in addition to my law practice, for over two decades (1972-1993) i was a full-time tenured professor of law at brooklyn law school, where i am now professor emeritus. my courses included constitutional law, first amendment, national security, and appellate advocacy.
i am the author of approximately three hundred articles, essays, and reviews, and  frequently publish commentary on current legal/political issues and events in the print and electronic media. i am often asked to provided that commentary on, and be interviewed by, broadcast media.
several of my six out-of-print books—the gold clause; government's money monopoly; sweet land of liberty? the supreme court and individual rights; the layman's guide to tax evasion; speaking freely: the case against speech codes; and why not call it treason? korea, vietnam, afghanistan and today—are available from various internet booksellers, including www.amazon.com.  
with my wife, lawyer and novelist erika holzer, i am co-author of "aid and comfort": jane fonda in north vietnam, a book that definitively answers the question of whether fonda’s trip to hanoi during the vietnam war, and her activities there, constituted constitutional treason. with erika holzer, i also co-authored fake warriors: identifying, exposing, and punishing those who falsify their military service.  each of these books are available at www.amazon.com. 
my most recent book, the supreme court opinions of justice clarence thomas (1991--2006): a conservative's perspective, was published in january 2007 by mcfarland & company.  mcfarland is a noted publisher of scholarly, reference, and academic books.  for further information, see http://www.mcfarlandpub.com/book-2.php?isbn=0-7864-3003-6.
[contents of this website copyright (c) 2012 by henry mark holzer.  all rights reserved]
  



 



















