











steve s. saroff


































steve saroff
menu





bio
books+writing
photos+ 
music
news+
podcast




 






















steve s. saroff
author. advisor for start-ups, artists, writers, and a few good actors.

                    click here for recent links mentioned in social media posts 








 thank you for visiting.- steve
                        i hope during your visit that you read a story 
                        or look at a few photos. 
                        
                            a bit of background: i created the world’s first
                             commercially successful web email system 
                            -- which pushed me up against a world of corruption. some of what happened during
                            that maelstrom of chaos is told in paper targets, a successful 
                            novel, which was an amazon top 100 seller. 
                            but before the events described in paper targets, 
                            i had a strong fiction publication
                            history. in my 20’s, i supported myself by writing and selling love stories, published in redbook, and other hearst and national magazines. 
                                when i became obsessed with launching and
                            running software companies, i stopped sending my writing out. 
                            but i never stopped writing, and fiction has always been a steady heartbeat. 
                             
                            
                        

 bio - something like a resume
back story i - because people ask
back story ii - because this is what happened
a writing sampler of (mostly) previously published fiction and essays.
photos, many with words
 montana voice™ my podcast






click here to contact steve s. saroff

return to top of page

steve s. saroff — start-up consultant — author  

(c) 2024 saroff corporation

 www.saroff.com








