







american whiskey: john and linda lipman's adventures in bourbon country



 





hi!  come on in and visit for awhile.
	    gee, it's good to see you.
	    how's y' mom and the folks?  here, try some of this...













okay, all the commercial websites do it,
      so we'd better do it, too --
      this website discusses alcoholic beverages in a positive manner
      which may be objectionable to some adults
      and which is generally considered inappropriate for people not yet old enough
      to legally consume alcohol.
      the internet is an international venue, and discussion of the subjects herein
      may also be illegal in your
      nation or area. we do not wish to offend, so if any of the above applies
      to you, please do not proceed
      any further. linda and john do not condone abuse of alcoholic beverages. and
      respect only those who know
      how much they can... and cannot... safely consume.
      .
   
      and now we invite you to visit... 




american whiskey, and 
      how it got to be this way  
      bourbon, rye, tennessee, corn, straight, blended, sour mash, or moonshine, 
      the history of american whiskey is the history of america itself, and vice 
      versa.




 
american rum  
the beverage of choice in the colonies, a 
      major industry destroyed by the american revolution and the collapse of 
      the triangle (slave) trade at the end of the 18th century. a renaissance 
      of american rum is beginning in the 21st century and here a some of the 
      forerunners of its renewal.
      
       


 
distillery tours we've taken  of  operating american whiskey distilleries


at least they were operating when we were there
      


please understand:  except as 
      noted, these distillery visits are somewhat historical in their own right. 
      some were taken nearly twenty years ago. some just last month. we have 
      intentionally avoided trying to keep our descriptions up to date. you can 
      easily find the current state of each distillery on their own websites or 
      facebook pages (many did not have websites when these visits were first 
      made!) the date of each visit is part of the title and we hope you will 
      consider any historic inaccuracies as part of the nostalgia of the 
      american spirits industry.

       


        
  ***  new  *** 
  

  
    

  
      events,
	  festivals, and celebrations 

	  we've attended  (and remembered to take 
      pictures of)

      
 

our small (but ever-growing) collection 


of american
	  whiskeys 
      (also ever-changing; we've probably rearranged it again by 
      now)
 
the last page of 
      the internet, here it is!!  
      this is
      what you've been looking for all this time.
      the internet is not endless, (it only seems that way). this is the final 
      page of the internet.
      (special thanks to chris sigmon)












 







  looking for more about american spirits? 


 



             
 www  


www.ellenjaye.com              
  
contact us through       bourbonenthusiast.com    
  





             
    






          site copyright 
         ©1996-2016 by john lipman. 
	all rights reserved.
"bold dickie" sequenced by lesley nelson-burns


