









seafriends home page


seafriends has changed.
for café, snorkel hire, school programmes go to  the
octopus
hideaway
for learning about our seas and planet, continue down this home
page of seafriends.org.nz








welcome
to the seafriends web site for saving our seas. become an informed conservationist
by learning about our planet, oceans, land and resources, threats and what
to do. tap into our independent analyses and courage to tell the truth.
this web site contains well researched scientific information, made easy
to understand, while not serving established interests, politics or beliefs.
learn about the world we live in. learn about the sea and how to save our
seas and the many mistakes made. discover the treasures on this web site.
wake up for the future of your children!


saving
our seas, lands and skies.
conservation
by common sense
available on cd
as issn 1177-4983




conservation is like fixing the mistakes
of our parents with the ignorance of ourselves.
conservation is all about changing human
behaviour and a willingness to learn.








seafriendsweb
search
tips  (get results)


 


dear visitor, rejoice because
this website uses neither cookies, nor javascript . so it
is entirely safe html3.
further, on 11 september
2018 this site was partially or wholly de-platformed, restricting advertising
income. "new violations were detected. as a result,
ad serving has been restricted or disabled on pages where these violations
of the adsense program policies were found."
we
must be doing something right by bringing you the truth.


 

returning visitors,
find quickly what has been added recently in newpages.
contact us by e-mail.




visit
seafriends

visit the octopus
hideaway website for café, snorkel hire and school programmes.
stay with your family or group at a nearby
camp
ground.



navigating
this site


navigate this large web
site with our sitemap
which is uptodate and complete, also showing planned additions. read tips,
particularly when you are a 'newbie' on the web, and our big
picture overview to quickly match your interest. be challenged
by our new discoveries
and our rebuttals of scientific
swindles. read tips
for searching to find quickly what you are looking for. the autorun
page is where owners of the seafriends cd begin their discoveries,
with slide shows. what's
happening to our seas steers you to all relevant chapters for understanding
marine degradation worldwide..



what's
new


recent changes to this site,
press releases and news articles. discover in the new
pages which major chapters have recently been added.



seafriends
cd


order
the seafriends cd for your family, friends and school and pay safely
through paypal. the cd contains the whole web site but is free from pesky
advertising, provides fast access and is entirely safe. it also contains
slide
shows with more than 2000 large underwater images (800x600pix) of new
zealand and niue. your order helps us to survive and expand.



seafriends


learn more about  us:
the seafriends organisation, introduction, structure, plans, achievements
and more. come diving or snorkelling in the goat island marine reserve.
(45 pages, complete)


in
depth

a
series of interesting articles about our coasts and seas and global items
of interest. excellent material for schools. parchment worms, bather's
rash, jellyfish, sea hares, storms, cyclones, marine reserves, collapsing
shellfish and more (growing)



educational
videos


our educational videos and
animated slideshows are all hosted by youtube. they are provided with captions
which youtube can translate into many languages. (growing)



global
climate


understanding global climate
in all its complexities and whether the global warming scare is justified
or a fraud. marble
in space, water
ice & vapour, measuring
temperature,
anthropogenic
warming and ipcc,
greening
planet,normal
climate change. (140 pages) hall
of shame.


oceanography

about atmosphere, climate,
waves, currents, tides, beaches, sediment transport, storms, tsunamis,
climate and weather. the natural forces that affect our seas, coasts and
lives. the very basis for understanding how our planet works - clockwork
earth. also why our
beaches are disappearing, and mining
the sea sand. (180 pages, complete)


soil

soil is the most important
environment on earth on which human life depends but we are losing it mainly
because we do not understand how it works and what it needs. read about
geology, soil formation, soils of the world, sustainability, management,
erosion, erosion control, roadside management, and much more. (155 pages,
complete)


marine
environment

learn about our extensive
marine environment, its habitats and creatures. here you'll find the classification
and descriptions of sea
mammals,
fishes,
crustaceans,
echinoderms,
molluscs,
other lower animals, seaweeds,
habitats,
rocky
shore, plankton and more. (growing)



global
problems


ocean
acidification: how does it work and how serious is it? do we need
to worry? what do we know? is it a threat or a scam and swindle? an independent
analysis and amazing reading. inform yourself about the global
climate. scary or fraudulent?


conservation
issues

know the threats to our
marine environment and how we can do something about them. the a to z of
conservation,
resource
management, biodiversity,
marine
conservation. why
our beaches are disappearing,
degradation,
fishing, whaling, pollution and more. the
war for marine reserves. myths
and fallacies in the marine reserves debate - unbelievable. (growing)



war
for marine reserves


the new zealand government
is waging a war against its own people for more marine
reserves that cannot deliver. the whole marine
reserves debate is fraught with myths
and fallacies. read the many marine
reserve proposals and their dishonesty. read about flawed
marine research and monitoring
results that prove the point. learn quickly about the fallacies in
marine conservation by reading frequently
asked questions and myths.


marine
reserves

information about
all nz marine reserves. extensive details regarding history, geography,
ecology, habitats, dive spots and inhabitants of: kermadecs,
poor
knights, goat
island,
rainbow
warrior and more.(growing).


decay
& 
degradation

the seas everywhere are
degrading for reasons we have just begun to understand. learn the principles
of degradation, the plankton
balance and how to recognise marine degradation, with many photographic
examples from new zealand.


dda

the dark decay assay is
a new but simple and cheap plankton tool to measure the plankton
balance and essentially the health of aquatic ecosystems. this
discovery by dr floor anthoni uncovered a number of important ecological
laws and principles that have so far been overlooked. important and challenging
reading but not mainstream science yet. read the dda
for dummies chapter that makes it sound easy. (large section, 100
pages and growing)


niue
island

an extensive section about
niue island, north-east of nz: geography, geology, history, ecology, future
and much more (116 pages) and thumbnail
images with narrative (44 pages, 8.5mb)


underwater
photography

theory and practice of advanced
underwater photography, complete with photographic examples. skills
required. what film and
lens to use. how light
changes as it enters the water and travels through it. theory and
practice of mixed light
photography and how to use colour correction filters. what to demand of
a serious underwater
camera, and how to improve your chances
and video footage.
revolutionary
digital
darkroom techniques and much more. (123 pages, nearly complete)


photo
stock library

the
photo library is a stock library from which you can buy high resolution
photos and affordable a3
posters. see how it
works, what we offer and what quality you can expect. view the many
glorious images of new zealand seas.
order
images here. assorted
images.
slide shows.


schools

schools
please note that this site is orientated towards schools. it is full of
resources, photos, diagrams, ideas, lectures, references. find here possible
links with the school curriculum. discover our exciting school programmes
where everyone goes into the sea, does a rocky shore study and listens
to riveting lectures. find out what else we do for schools and how you
could help. (25 pages)


links
and
site
search

more information about organisations
in nz and overseas. search
this site,
search
new zealand and search
the world. use our site
map as an alternative method to find your way in the maze of this
web. it gives a more detailed overview of which sections have been completed,
and which have been planned. (40 pages, complete)


books
and
references

books and references we
think are worth studying. the seafriends library from which you can hire,
and a list of available seafriends publications. important and useful glossaries,
tables, classifications, and more. (160 pages, complete)


opinions

what people say
about this web site, scientists'
ill-conceived attacks, and bjørn
lomborg's defence against such attacks. (56 pages)


sponsors
and
copyrights

meet the sponsors
of this web site and learn what you can and can't do with the information
obtained from this site. read what
people say about this web site and of our school
programmes. (3 pages)



donations


make
a difference for the future of our children and support our fight for healthy
seas. support the effort that really matters: providing reliable and complete
information for making decisions and for understanding our place under
the sun and how to keep it sustainable and healthy. we accept any donation
paid by credit card through paypal, or by cheque. for bequests to the seafriends
foundation, our lawyers will contact you.


 






where on earth can you find a well-researched
informative environmental web site untainted by government policies, united
nations conventions, beliefs, fads, religion, political correctness, green
extremism, big business propaganda, middles-class morality and majority
rule? if you value democracy, truth and common sense, support seafriends
in a tangible way because it is unique. it fights for the future of your
children.


this web site is about  60% complete
, with over 330 printed pages and
8100
files.
e-mail
for comments. our
linux/xandros
corner documents the move from windows to linux with compatibility between
them.
 




did you know that in 2010 this web site fed
over 180 gigabytes of information to more than 2 million distinct visitors?
most of these live in the usa.... and we are still growing.


 






january 2009: government
deals fatal blow to marine education centre. be angry and act! read
more . . 
press release 16 nov 2005:
local government forces marine education centre to close
the world-acclaimed seafriends
marine conservation and education centre in leigh, new zealand, is forced
to close because subdivision is disallowed by the rodney district council.
read
more . . 
seafriends for sale.
june 2006: with deep sadness we are offering the
seafriends property and business for sale (however, we're still operating
and fighting to survive, being open all days, business as usual). this
document gives you insight in seafriends as a marine conservation and education
centre, and the 10ha estate on which it is located. read
more . .








your donation today can make a big change tomorrow. donate
generously to save our seas.
your
donation amount us$:  
enter your amount here.
your email address: 
optional message:
thank you for supporting seafriends and making a difference
for the future of our children.
your donation will be handled safely by paypal who handle
your credit card details.




seafriends marine conservation and education centre. 7 goat island rd.
leigh r.d.5. new zealand 0985.
phone +64 9422 6212. fax +64 9422 6212. e-mail.
google
map
revised  20041210,20050428,20050810,20060528,20060806,20070707,20070806,20090625,20110703

.






