






horse shows resources ~ clinics, horse sales, shows ~ web design







































show horse promotions
the show planner
mary murray
certified internet webmaster
i-net+ certified
a+ certified



 



  










horse shows online information
welcome to the horse show planner!




  



~ new changes regarding interstate travel with your horses ~
the usda has adopted a new animal disease traceability program. important information is highlighted in the link below.
usda traceability program

transportation requirements by state
* if you have any questions, be sure to double-check the state you're traveling
      to for shows or events.

      there is an interstate permit available for exhibitors showing in the southeastern state including sc, va, fl, etc...for more information, click on the link below.
http://www.clemson.edu/public/lph/ahp/eep.html

 
      




 advertise with us.  our
        site traffic is steadily growing and we can help give your site some
        exposure.  email for rates. 

visit the  hotel directory pages for a list of area hotels
        & phone
        numbers as well as the arenas near you.  we'll even tell you
        the driving distance from the quarter horse, palomino, appaloosa, or paint show
        grounds whenever they are available.  we are in the process of
        putting these pages into printable format - click on the "printable
        version" icon when available and you will have an ad-free page to
        print.
for detailed driving directions to the horse show you want to attend...

  first, visit the  hotel directory
  to find the location. obtain the address.  go to map
  quest  or yahoo and enter your home address in the  from location and
  enter the horse show address in the  to location.  this will give you
  driving directions from your house.
if you're crossing state lines and need to know horse health requirements  - check out  this section for a toll-free hot
        line to get the individual state's health
        requirements.
when you need a class sheet or show information go to
        the association link pages and visit the  appaloosa,  quarter
        horse, paint,  palomino
        or pinto state association's web site and
        hopefully they will have that information available.  
read the horse management
        articles that have been posted on this site, recommend or write an
        article for us. 
need a practice pattern? 
        check out our trail, horsemanship,
        equitation & showmanship
        pattern pages.  more coming all the time.
coat
        color calculator


have questions? need answers?
        check out our faq page  
free graphics to use in your horse
    club newsletters and on your websites.  if you don't see what you need,
        ask us if we have what you need - due to the bandwidth and the amount of traffic that we get, we are
        limiting the graphics that are placed on the site at any one time.











home 
        • shows 
        • arenas
        • links









  











 search www  search www.showhorsepromotions.com 




 





© 2000 - 2010 show horse promotions
all rights reserved
privacy statement

  
  
the show horse promotions web site is an informational web site, this information is subject to change without notice. any use of, or actions taken based upon any of the information contained on this web site is done entirely at your own risk.

show horse promotions expressly prohibit you from republishing or redistributing this content without first receiving 
our written consent. by using this site, you agree not to hold us liable for
any errors or delays in this content, or for any actions that you take in reliance thereon. this site contains links 
to other internet sites. these links are not endorsements by us of any products or services in those sites, and we have not 
endorsed or approved any information in those
sites.









childrens
      jodhpurs 
orthopaedic dog beds

































