








mikkel aaland -home













mikkel aaland"it's all an adventure"




home


photography


the river in my backyard
naked sweat
iphoneography
pilgrimage to mt. kailash
sumi-e photos
county fair portraits
mt. shasta portraits
me & my robot
heppel & ettlich portraits




books/media


non technical books by mikkel aalandthe sword of heaven by mikkel aalandthe river in my backyard by mikkel aalandcounty fair portraits by mikkel aalandsweat by mikkel aalandpilgrimage to kailash by mikkel aalandhow to build your own sauna by mikkel aaland
technical & video training
sweat




projects


news


about mikkel


contact




here is a list of my recent "it's all an adventure" newsletter topics with links. sign up to receive the latest newsletters here.
 
a sauna for staryi sambir
 
on the road to ukraine: there is no war in sauna
 
sauna aid for ukrainian refugees
 
angler fish sauna
 
spirit photography: photographing the sublime
 
sweat art in the time of covid
 
the aaland ulefoss sauna: reinventing the modern nordic sweat
 
when sweating is a good thing
 
to-to-no-tta: the power of a word
 
what is aufguss?
 
book review: without the banya we would perish
 
honoring the dead: from burning man to mt. kailash
 
nude or not nude?
 
23 and me: where are you from, where are you going?
 
do rocks have a spirit?
 
chris marker & honoring creativity
 
the aufguss towel, a wizard's wand
 
photography is dead
 
why sweat? a medical research update
 
perfect sweat towel installation: an homage to world wellness
 
on photographing inside hot steamy rooms
 
the sauna & coronavirus











when i was a boy i read thor heyerdahl's kon- tiki, the epic post world war ii account of crossing the south pacific ocean in a tiny balsa wood raft. i was enthralled by the norwegian explorer's story and inspired to seek adventures of my own.
now many years later, i have had my share of adventures. i have traveled the world in search of the perfect sweat, as featured in the newly released streaming documentary series. as a co-founder of sauna aid, an initiative of the international sauna society, i have have delivered saunas on humanitarian missions to war-torn ukraine. i have crisscrossed the western part of america as an itinerant portrait photographer on the county fair circuit, i have delivered japanese shinto gods from the cape of good hope to the amazon, from the philippines to the baltic, i have circumnavigated tibet's mt. kailash seeking atonement at one of the most holy sites in the world, and led photo adventures to the wilds of tasmania and iceland.  i have helped midwife a revolution in photography from the analog world of film to the digital. for the last 30 years, i have embarked on the greatest, and most difficult but rewarding, adventure of all, being a devoted husband and loving father to two incredibly wonderful girls, now grown up women.
heyerdahl was not alone on his adventure and i am not either. i am blessed knowing and working with a group of like-minded people who share my passion for community, knowledge, beauty, and the search for wholeness.
god willing, i am not done with my adventures yet! join me and let me know what you think through my contact page.
 
 










photos







news







books







projects






â©2025 mikkel aaland
all rights reserved























































































































 the river in my backyardnaked sweatiphoneographypilgrimage to mt. kailashsumi-e photoscounty fair portraitsmt. shasta portraitsme & my robotheppel & ettlich portraitsnon technical books by mikkel aalandthe sword of heaven by mikkel aalandthe river in my backyard by mikkel aalandcounty fair portraits by mikkel aalandsweat by mikkel aalandpilgrimage to kailash by mikkel aalandhow to build your own sauna by mikkel aalandtechnical & video trainingsweat





























































