







        home - barrons        barrons    



home - barrons



















































 























home


products

wedding, party & event supplies
wedding items & arches


tents
pop-up tents
frame tents
pole tents
tent accessories
clear top frame tents


lighting & theatrical


audio & visuals


concessions & amusements


dance floor & staging


fans & heaters


tables


chairs


linens


table settings
dinnerware & china
flatware
glassware
coffee cups & mugs
table top decor


serving items


furniture


catering equipment




construction / homeowner equipment
lifting & moving equipment


lawn & garden


paint sprayers/pressure washers


plumbing


backhoes, loaders, ditch diggers


floor sanders & buffers


concrete equipment


saws, nailers & hammers


lighting


pumps


generators


carpet






about us

company


contact


get a consultation







































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors






					products				










 


706.543.3486
send us an email

get a consultation
























weddings  & events
we pride ourselves on the fact that "we cover it all" with our wide range of rental equipment and services available to the area. we have whatever you need to make your party great including event rentals, wedding rentals and services, tent rental, tent accessories, lighting rentals, and even construction equipment rentals!
browse our event rentals!














home owner  equipment
check out our selection of homeowner and construction equipment rentals before you start your next renovation! we even have weekly and monthly rates for those long jobs. whether you're refinishing your floor, or digging out for a pool, barron's has got the tool rental for your job.
browse our equipment rentals!









make your events memorable with barron’s rental
having been in business since 1965, barron’s rental is the athens community’s oldest and most established rental store. we are pleased to serve our customers throughout the northeast georgia area by supplying high quality wedding, party, and event rentals and supplies as well as construction and homeowner equipment rentals.
learn more about our rental items!






popular items
frozen drink machine 
$135.00per day 
40′ x 70′ frame tent 
$2,400.00per day 
sk750 mini skid steer 
$250.00 per day$1000per week 
20′ x 40′ frame tent 
$710.00per day 
black samsonite chair 
$2.00per day 
30″ ride-on aerator 
$190.00 per day$760.00per week 
sk800 mini skid steer 
$250.00 per day$1000per week 
30′ x 45′ frame tent 
$1,150.00per day 
wedding canopy 
$135.00per day 
person lift 
$100.00 per day$400.00per week 
 







customer testimonials






 
apartments for athensi wanted to extend my sincerest thank you to [ashley] and everyone from barron’s rentals who had a hand in making the cool off tent a reality! we so appreciate you all contributing your time, staff, and ideas to make this event this success it was! it was a learning process and i appreciate you being there to help us along the way. i think it’s safe to say that the ladies loved having the tent. the apartments for athen’s team values your partnership and we will look to collaborate again in the future.
~caroline webb, digital brand manager, apartments for athens 
epting eventson behalf of the epting events team, we love barron's!! they are our go-to rental company here in athens & beyond. their team is always so responsive, helpful and reliable. definitely would recommend using them for your next event needs!!

~kristen curlesdebra lassiter, perfectly polished 
salegna-andrews weddingmy daughter got married at the taylor grady house in may. we worked with ashley who recommended everything we needed to make the wedding perfect (tents, chairs, lighting, linens). she was so organized, professional and friendly.
as the day got closer she answered all,of my questions and there were lots, always in a timely manner and with a smile.
ashley and the guys saved my daughter's reception. there was a strong possibility of showers that night, and they were able to add an extra tent, lighting and a chandelier the day of the wedding. it did rain very hard that night during the reception for over an hour. with their help, the reception went off without a hitch.
i would highly recommend barron's. they were awesome and so easy to work with!
pat salegna, mother of the bride 
glaser-young weddingi rented two giant tents, string lights, highboy tables, and a cake serving platter from barron's. their pricing is good and competitive and their customer service is fantastic! i worked with whitney during my wedding planning and she is great! i can't tell you how many times i called or emailed her with question, concerns, or changes to the rental order. what really made barron's stand out is when we had to add the second tent because of the threat of rain. i needed to have my dance floor covered. we added the tent easily, but then they said they couldn't do my originally planned string lighting under the second tent. as silly as it sounds, that was devastating to me, because the taylor grady house looks amazing with string lights... i was crushed. my mom called and tried to talk them in to string lights under the second tent, so did my dad, and so did my husband. they politely explained that it just couldn't be done. and i tried to get over it. to my surprise, when we arrived to the venue on friday night for the rehearsal dinner, the second tent had string lights! i was overjoyed! barron's came through even when they said it was impossible. they set up early and everything looked great!


photo by joshua grasso photographyemily glaser young, bride 






home
products

weddings and events

equipment rentals




barron’s blog
about us
gallery
contact
 

barron's rental center


340 hawthorne ave. athens ga 30606


706.543.3486


need advice from an expert?
get a consultation





follow us





 

© barrons rental center 2025. all rights reserved.



























































get a free consultation
need help planning your event? our experts will guide you. please fill in the form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.










your list is empty, add products to the list to send a requestreturn to products







