

guide to pubs and bars in paris












 











 
          home | message board | add a pub | scoring system | links | contact us 











 
  
username: 

 password: 



  












 premier division division one division two division three division four unclassified

 


 a to z 

 search engine 

 bars by area 

 10 best ambience 

 10 worst ambience 

 10 cheapest 

 10 most expensive 

 top 10 for cocktails 

 top 20 late night 

 cybercafés 





 


 paris guide books 
 






 




 
 







 




 


back in the dark ages,
              interesting yet inexpensive places to go out in paris were in
              short supply. merci pour la renaissance! new bars, pubs and cafés
              are now springing up monthly, many with international themes. prices tend to fluctuate
			  though, and to benefit from the keenest pricing you have to be in the right place
              at the right time. happy hours vary enormously, some starting as
              early as 4pm, others finishing as late as midnight.

              this site should help you find the right place for your budget, taste or just general whimsy.
our database
              and a to z of bars currently have 193 entries
              (please let us know if your favourite bar isn't listed), 118 of which
              have been rated and ranked. places are given points for music, ambience, beer, cocktails,
              prices, etc. in a surprisingly scientific manner.
              as pubs come in and out of favour, and bar staff change, the list
              will be updated. so keep up to date with the "in" places
              by visiting regularly.


news
your views count! 

i'm happy to announce a great new feature for the site! as long as you're logged-in, all your pub updates are now submitted directly to our database (instead of just emailed to the webmaster) for review. once cleaned of anything that might generally be considered offensive, they will appear along with other visitors comments under the pub reviews! that way we can all see what others think about the various venues and everyone can add their say. why didn't we think of it before i hear you cry?... well actually we did, but it's taken us far too long to put it in place!
so, please go ahead and give it a try - submit your reviews for pubs you know and love (or don't as the case may be ;-) !
the next step (assuming user reviews are well received) will be to add "live" scoring to the site, so all the pub / bar ratings take into account a "live" average of visitor's ratings. watch this space for more web 2.0 style developments!
my pub / bar featured here!
publicans / proprietaires / landlords / managers: please contact us for details on how you can have your bar / pub featured on this page with anything from a simple text link, or a banner to a full review. (you can also use the contact form to report any updates or inaccuracies).
 
 
 

 

 visitors since 23/03/96.

 





























