


























philosophy talk | the program that questions everything...except your intelligence.



























skip to main content


toggle navigationsearch form search  episodespodcastsplaylistssee allwise womenthe human and the machinepolitical economya philosophical guide to the cosmosintellectual humilitythe art of livingvisions of immortalityarchiveblogaboutabout usteameventsstation listcontactsupport uslog intwitter blueskyfacebookinstagramyoutube this week’s episode   09 february 2025      alan turing and the limits of computationalan turing was a 20th-century english mathematician and cryptologist who is widely considered to be the father of theoretical computer...     play audio  recent episodes  02 february 2025 liberty and justice for who?many democracies are founded on the ideals of 18th- and 19th-century british liberalism: the idea that human beings deserve the right to self-...    play audio   26 january 2025 climate change and collective actioncatastrophic storms, floods, droughts, and fires are increasing in frequency all over the globe, and the polar ice caps are melting twice as fast as...    play audio   19 january 2025 how to create virtuous leadersancient philosophers like socrates and plato believed that an education focused on developing good character could create virtuous leaders who work...    play audio see more   this month’s playlistfebruariansthis month we're featuring episodes from our archive that spotlight thinkers who were born in february: simone weil (feb-3, 1909), charles darwin (feb-12, 1809), john rawls (feb-21, 1921), arthur schopenhauer (feb-22, 1788), w.e.b. du bois (feb-23, 1868), and michel de montaigne (feb-28, 1588).  coming up16 february 2025  the philosophical worlds of borgesargentinian writer jorge luís borges wrote some of the world’s most brilliant, mind-bending, and philosophical stories. drawing on sources from europe, india, china, and persia, these stories tackled topics like time, reality, selfhood, and art.see more the blog @ philosophers' corner 13 february 2025 borges as a philosopher jorge luís borges is one of our favorite authors—and one of the most philosophical. he wrote beautiful poems, whimsical essays, and mind-bending short stories. one of his most amazing essays is “a new refutation of time,” in which he proves that we don’t exist.  05 february 2025 beyond the turing test is there anything computers can't do—or at least won't be able to do at some future time? they have already gotten pretty powerful: so far we've developed cars that drive themselves, protein-folding software that discovers new medicines, and some great tools to help students cheat on their papers.  09 january 2025 philosopher of action anscombe was a hugely important 20th-century philosopher who worked on many topics: history, metaphysics, religion, language. but above all she was a pioneering figure in the philosophy of action, which asks questions like what’s the difference between doing something on purpose and just having it... featured showsidentity politics  09 march 2015 read moreedward snowden and the ethics of whistleblowing  12 october 2016 read moredemocracy in crisis  12 october 2016 read moreseparation of powers  12 october 2016 read more

 about usphilosophy talk is a nationally-syndicated public radio program and podcast hosted by stanford professors josh landy and ray briggs. known as “the program that questions everything—except your intelligence” philosophy talk challenges listeners to question their assumptions and to think about things in new ways. after two decades on the air, we have produced more than 550 episodes on a wide range of topics, from timeless philosophical questions about the ultimate nature of things to contemporary social and political issues, as well as our most fundamental beliefs about science, morality, and the human condition. we approach these topics with clarity, depth, and humor, inviting listeners to join engaging conversations with scholars from all over the globe.   philosophy talk is produced by kalw 91.7fm on behalf of stanford university, as part of its public humanities initiative.   the teamphilosophy talk celebrates the value of the examined life.josh landyco-hostjosh landy is the andrew b. hammond professor of french, professor of comparative literature, and co-director of the literature and philosophy initiative at stanford university. he joined the philosophy talk team as co-host in 2017 when john perry retired from the show. among many other publications, he is the author of philosophy as fiction: self, deception, and knowledge in proust and how to do things with fictions. he is currently writing a second book on proust for oxford’s very short introductions series.ray briggsco-hostray briggs is a professor of philosophy at stanford university. their research explores how formal models can help us reason better about practical and theoretical matters; they are particularly interested in decision theory, measurement theory, and the philosophy of probability. in addition to over 20 philosophy articles, ray has published two poetry collections and been nominated for a pushcart.blakey vermueleco-hostblakey vermeule is the albert guérard professor of literature in the english department at stanford, and she lectures in the philosophy and literature program. she teaches and writes about evolutionary moral psychology and ethics from the 17th century to the present. she has written three books on topics related to moral psychology and is finishing a long project on mind science in the age of behavioral economics.debra satzco-hostdebra satz is the marta sutton weeks professor of ethics in society at stanford university and dean of the school of humanities and sciences. she is a political philosopher whose work addresses contemporary public policy debates. in addition to authoring many articles and co-editing books, she is the author of why some things should not be for sale: the moral limits of markets and co-author of economic analysis, moral philosophy and public policy.john perryco-founder and co-hostjohn perry is the henry waldgrave stuart professor emeritus of philosophy at stanford university, and a distinguished professor emeritus of philosophy at university of california riverside. he is author of over 100 articles and books on the philosophy of language and the philosophy of mind. he received a jean nicod prize (france), a humboldt prize (germany), and a guggenheim fellowship. in 1983, he co-founded stanford's center for the study of language and information (csli) and served as its director. he also wrote the internet’s most popular essay on procrastination.ken taylorco-founder and co-hostken taylor (1954-2019) was the co-founder of philosophy talk and its co-host for almost fifteen years. he was the henry waldgrave stuart professor of philosophy at stanford university and director of stanford's interdisciplinary program in symbolic systems. his work lies at the intersection of the philosophy of language and the philosophy of mind, with an occasional foray into the history of philosophy. he is the author of many books and articles, including truth and meaning, reference and the rational mind, and referring to the world. laura maguiredirector of researchlaura maguire is philosophy talk's director of research and an occassional co-host. she hails from dublin, ireland, but has called the bay area home for decades. after graduating with distinction at trinity college dublin, she earned her phd in philosophy at stanford university. she has taught in stanford's philosophy department, introduction to the humanities program, and structured liberal education program.devon strolovitchsenior producerborn and raised in montreal, devon studied medieval judeo-portuguese manuscripts and earned a phd in linguistics from cornell university before pursuing radio professionally. since then he has been the primary studio producer for philosophy talk, while also contributing as a writer, editor, occasional roving philosophical reporter, and manager of the program's day-to-day operations.merle kesslersixty-second philosophermerle kessler is a writer, humorist, and performer, best known perhaps by his pen name, ian shoales. as ian shoales he has been churning out cranky yet strangely humorous commentaries since 1979. first heard on npr's all things considered, he has been featured on morning edition, abc's nightline, and the online magazine, salon. in addition, his pieces have been published in the new york times, la times, the san francisco examiner, usa today, the washington post, and the minneapolis tribune, among other publications.holly j. mcdederoving philosophical reporterholly j. mcdede is the criminal justice reporter for kalw public radio in san francisco. she studied creative writing and literature at the university of east anglia in norfolk, england, where she wrote her dissertation on don quixote and a radio drama about public radio. she also works as an editor and producer at kcbs radio, sometimes very late at night when it’s difficult not to ponder life’s existential questions.shereen adelroving philosophical reportershereen adel is a former literature student turned radio producer. she came to the philosophy talk team after joining kalw's newsroom as a producer on crosscurrents and fell in love with reporting on how philosophical ideas take shape in practical applications. in addition to her work with philosophy talk, she still works behind the scenes in the kalw newsroom and manages the station's radio training programs for adults.sarah lai stirlandroving philosophical reportersarah lai stirland is a freelance writer and producer, a graduate of medill at northwestern university, and the director of digital community at broadband.money. she's a 2020 alumna of kalw's audio academy and co-teaches and edits kalw's tbh podcast with fellow roving philosophical reporter holly j. mcdede. “we are what we repeatedly do. greatness then, is not an act, but a habit”
― aristotle“fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. if a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .if we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!”
― j.r.r. tolkien“think left and think right and think low and think high. oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!”
― dr. seuss“wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.”
― plato“never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”
― isaac asimov, foundation free limited access$0per month, auto-renewingearly access to new episodes3 additional episodes per monthfree only $ for 1 monthssubscribe12 months full access$75per month, auto-renewingearly access to new episodesunlimited access to all episodes only $89.99 for 12 monthssubscribe6 months full access$833per month, auto-renewingearly access to new episodesunlimited access to all episodes only $49.99 for 6 monthssubscribe3 months full access$999per month, auto-renewingearly access to new episodesunlimited access to all episodes only $29.99 for 3 monthssubscribe contact us. name *  email *  subject *  message * leave this field blank  captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. what code is in the image? * enter the characters shown in the image.we would love to hear from you - let us know your thoughts!philosophy talk450 jane stanford way, building 90stanford, ca  94305  

philosophy talknewslettersubscribe to receive new ideas, inspiration, news, and event information each month!subscribedonate today!philosophy talk relies on the support of listeners like you to stay on the air and online. any contribution, large or small, helps us produce intelligent, reflective radio that questions everything, including our most deeply-held beliefs about science, morality, culture, and the human condition.please consider making a tax-deductible donation.philosophy talk is produced by kalw on behalf of stanford university.© 2004-2018 stanford university.privacy policy© 2020 by philosophy talk and philosophytalk.org. all rights reserved.                   















