




















the college : washington and lee university
































 















washington and lee university







menu








a-z index
directory
libraries
webmail
news
events
calendar



current students
faculty & staff
get help now


search







search















 navigation



the college
 about the college
 office of the dean
 interdisciplinary programs
 for students
 for faculty
 for staff
 for parents
 




home the college 

						the college
					

the college is the heart of the w&l liberal arts education. it is the home of twenty-one departments, four interdepartmental majors, and seven interdepartmental programs. students may earn either the b.a. or b.s. degree in thirty-seven different majors, and may also pursue one or more of thirty-six minors.
the more than 140 faculty members in the college, in departments ranging from music to geology/earth and environmental geoscience to religion, are dedicated to nurturing the intellectual capacity and curiosity of our students in an environment of collaborative inquiry. all first-year students are members of the college, and typically take a range of courses in the liberal arts in preparation for selecting a major course of study.
as expressed in the college's mission statement, the hallmarks of a person educated in the college include:

a resourceful intellect and talent for independent thinking
the capacity to evaluate information critically and to convey it effectively
competence in many methods of defining, approaching and solving problems
a lively curiosity about and mature respect for varied cultures and intellectual perspectives
a lifelong commitment to learning, to health and well-being, and to the values that inform a w&l education.

please explore these pages to see the full range of academic opportunities available to current and prospective w&l students. parents, alumni, faculty, and staff will also find a wealth of information about college programs, policies and resources. all of us in the office of the dean of the college are always ready to assist you.




					messages from the dean
				


w&l's commitment to academic freedom and faculty safety


on sept. 7, 2020, the provost and academic deans issued a statement reiterating w&l's commitment to academic freedom and faculty safety. the statement comes in response to recent incidents of harassment directed at faculty members who exercise their academic freedom.								



a message from dean hill and dean straughan


we write to you following another weekend of protests across our country and the world. we share the sense of frustration, anger, and indignation many of you feel. because of our different backgrounds, we come to this latest example of racial oppression in our country with unique perspectives.								



in the news

loading...



students and alumni

loading...





▲













important dates

feb 7: sophomore initial major declaraton (registrar)
feb 10: donuts with the deans / 4:00pm - 5:00pm (simpson house)
feb 15: promotion and tenure files due to dean via watermark
feb 17: dept and program heads meeting / 4:10pm (hillel 101)
feb 20:  donuts with the deans - (stem) 3:00pm/science addition 114
feb 21:  summer research scholar applications for summer 2025 - round 3 (online)
feb 23:  2025-26 catalog proofing due (registrar)




contact information
dean of the collegechawne kimberckimber@wlu.eduexecutive assistantfio giraldo prado de lewisfgiraldopradodelewis@wlu.edumailing addresssimpson house washington and lee university lexington, va 24450phone 540-458-8746










washington and lee university









204 w. washington st.
lexington va 24450
540-458-8400










facebook









twitter









instagram









linkedin









youtube









pinterest







quick reference

business office
general counsel
human resources
information technology
student affairs
university registrar



campus resources

disability accommodations
emergency resources
legal notices
campus dining
campus map






in compliance with title ix of the education amendments of 1972, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, and all other applicable non-discrimination laws, washington and lee university does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran's status, or genetic information in its educational programs and activities, admissions, and with regard to employment. inquiries may be directed to the title ix coordinator, elrod university commons 212, (540) 458-4055, who is designated by the university to coordinate compliance efforts and carry out its responsibilities under title ix, as well as those under section 504 and other applicable non-discrimination laws. inquiries may also be directed to the assistant secretary for civil rights, u.s. department of education. see non discrimination statement


© copyright 
2025

washington and lee university
















