




			plan and book hawaii tours, hawaii activities and things to do in hawaii
		































things to do   hawaii activities   hawaii tours   hawaii attractions   cart   contact



















 

order and compare hawaii tours and hawaii activities 
congratulations on choosing hawaii as your vacation destination. hawaii travel network offers hawaii tours, hawaii activities, and many different things to do in hawaii at discounted prices and great hawaii tourism information. hawaii travel network helps you plan and book hawaii tours, hawaii activities, and things to do in hawaii. these are the exact same hawaii activities and hawaii tours you order direct with one big difference - they are a lot less money here. this allows you to save big on your hawaii trips. sometimes up to 50% off and much less than cruise line rates such as pride of america tours. we can be reached at 866-482-9775 anytime to answer any questions about your hawaii tours, hawaii activities, hawaii attractions and things to do in hawaii. we offer hawaii activities and tours on all the hawaiian islands including oahu, kauai, big island, and maui. some of our biggest sellers are hawaiian lei greetings at the airport, hawaii zipline tours, and hawaii luaus. many of these activities book well in advance, especially during the summer and always during the holidays so if you want to do one or several of these activities, you must book in advance. you can book online, or call us at 866-482-9775.choose your hawaiian island or islands to the right of this page to read more on the types of activities and then from there choose which specific tour you are interested in and from there you can order online!read below for an overview of all the islands or just click on the island name to the right of this page to choose activities for that island. you can read in detail on the activities specific to that island and even reserve that activity online. be sure to book and plan your hawaii activities and tours in advance and make the most of your "hawaii time" so you can spend more time with your friends, family, or both!
each hawaiian island including oahu, maui, kauai, and the big island which includes kona and hilo each gets thousands of visitors every day, so most hawaii activities and things to do in hawaii are sold out before you land. don't take a chance on missing the hawaii tours and hawaii activities you've come so far to experience. some of these may include a trip to pearl harbor, one of the exciting hawaii luaus such as chiefs luau or germaines luau, or even a zip line tour on any of the hawaiian islands such as koloa zipline in kauai. book now, save money, and come have the time of your life. we offer the lowest prices on all hawaii activities and hawaii tours. order online and save on all the different hawaii activities and hawaii tours offered on the hawaiian islands through hawaii travel network. we start from the beginning from offering you a hawaiian lei greeting or a car rental to the best activities for your schedule if you are on one of the hawaiian cruise ships.hawaii tourshere at hawaii travel network we offer the best hawaii tours and popular things to do in hawaii to help you prepare for your hawaii vacation. we can help no matter if this is your first hawaii trip or you have been on many hawaii trips.  we offer tours of sea life park, pearl harbor tours including the uss arizona and the hawaii attractions. not only do we offer the most hawaii tours and hawaii activities to choose from, but we offer a low price guarantee on all the activities in hawaii and things to do in hawaii.call hawaii travel network at 866-482-9775 toll free with any questions or just order online.hawaii activities
there are many hawaii activities to choose from, but they book up quickly! one of these activities in hawaii that book up are the whale watching tours. if you're going to be vacationing in hawaii during the winter months, then you have an opportunity to indulge in the best whale watching on the planet. that's roughly two-thirds of the world's humpback whale population migrates to the warm, tropical waters of hawaii each winter to mate, give birth, and just plain frolic from the cold waters of alaska. december through april is prime hawaii whale watching season, and no matter which island you're on, there's a thrilling whale watch tour with your name on it. you'll be able to see (and even hear) these magnificent creatures as they perform their graceful aerial acrobatics and sing their haunting whale song. these whale watching expeditions are magical, educational, and flat-out fun. they also sell out very fast, so make your reservations now. whale watching can be done on any of the major islands. some of the hawaii activities are unique to the island.  below we highlight just some of the activities to do and other things to do in hawaii including hawaii attractions. feel free to call us at 866-482-9775 or find your activity or tour and just book online.oahu activities and oahu tours
hawaii travel network offers many different hawaii activities. hawaii tourism is the main focus in the state of hawaii, so hawaii works hard to make sure that all the hawaii trips are the best they can be. oahu is the busiest of the hawaiian islands and offers many different oahu activities, oahu tours, and things to do in oahu. be sure to book and plan your oahu activities in advance. the luaus book well in advance, sometimes months.
oahu dinner cruises - the star of honolulu sounds romantic, doesn’t it? and it is. if you’re looking for a relaxing, romantic evening, look no further. you and your loved one will enjoy a magnificent hawaiian sunset and a lovely dinner on one of the nicest boats you will ever see, the beautiful star of honolulu. this is just one of the things to do in oahu and departs in waikiki.on the star of honolulu, you'll be greeted by hula dancers as you board the ship, and before you know it, you’ll be enjoying a welcome mai tai before dinner. there are four different dinner packages to choose from, from family dining to adults-only “jacket and tie” romantic luxury. check out this amazing hawaii activity and other hawaii tours on hawaii travel network. there are other oahu dinner cruises such as the navatek, which also offers oahu whale watching tours, and the alii kai catamaran which is operated by roberts hawaii.the award-winning star of honolulu is truly a top of the line vessel. this classy 232 feet cruise ship is capable of serving up to 1,500 passengers. it's owned and operated by paradise cruises, an industry mainstay that's been serving the hawaiian cruise and sightseeing industry since 1957. featuring state-of-the-art amenities, high-tech stabilizers, interior elevators, ramps for boarding and exiting and specially constructed restrooms for full accessibility, the star of honolulu is the only dinner cruise ship in hawaii to be a.d.a compliant. it’s luxury on water. just be sure to book this oahu tour in advance. you do not want to miss out on this amazing cruise.built for cruising in the calm waters of the waikiki coastline, this ship offers four decks (and dinners) to choose from: the first, with its star lounge & star ballroom; the second, with the galaxy lounge & galaxy ballroom; the constellation ballroom's third deck; and the super nova dining room on the fourth deck. the entire staff and management team is deeply committed to providing you with the very best in quality and value on all their cruises and hawaii tours. please note – pricing, times, and menus are subject to change for special event cruises on holidays, like the valentine’s day and new year’s eve specials. please ask your reservation specialist about these special cruises. we can be reached at 866-482-9775. this is just one of the oahu dinner cruises offered on hawaii travel network.
another fun thing to do in hawaii is the alii kai catamaran, which is another dinner cruise in oahu. ride the world's largest (and most fun) catamaran. ali'i kai’s dinner cruise offers you a memorable party experience on the world's largest catamaran – it’s the equivalent of a floating luau in hawaii. you can enjoy a delicious dinner set against the backdrop of the hawaiian sunset as your ship cruises the waikiki coast along the aloha tower. let your hair down and get a little crazy while nature puts on her very own light show. get ready to party and have a great time on this hawaii activity!you’ll party to the beat of the house band and sip a cocktail before sitting down to a buffet-style dinner on the main deck. you'll be entertained by dancers, drummers, and chanters during dinner, and may be invited to participate after your meal. don't be shy – this isn’t some stuffy “tie and jacket” cruise – it’s a serious party boat. so lose the tie and grab another mai tai as the dancers lead you in slick moves from all over the world, including the classic hawaiian hula which is preformed at many of the oahu luaus such as germaine’s luau and paradise cove luau. dinner cruises are at the top of everyone’s list, so make your reservation early. these oahu activities and oahu tours book well in advance.
oahu fishing - another popular activity in oahu is oahu fishing charters. make your fish stories come true! this is another of the popular oahu activities and we offer the best oahu fishing charters in all of oahu, and all of the hawaiian islands. by also owning the domain name oahufishing.com, hawaii travel network is able to give our customer the best oahu fishing charters at the lowest prices.the thrill of catching a huge ocean fish, be it a pacific blue marlin, ahi, mahi mahi or wahoo, can be yours when you book a fishing charter on hawaii travel network or the sister site oahu fishing. hawaii travel network offers both private charters and shared fishing charters just minutes from waikiki.our knowledgeable and friendly captains will take you to the best fishing spots around oahu, and they will provide all the equipment and helpful advice you need. this means your fish story won't be about the one that got away. we offer these oahu activities that are perfect for beginners and experts.there are several deep sea charters available for seasoned anglers, or, if you’re looking for easier fishing that the entire family can enjoy, there’s a shallow water bottom fishing charter that’s perfect for both beginners and experts.inter-island sportfishing which boasts the rukus and seahawk oahu fishing charters are two of oahu's premier sport fishing boats. these charters are roomy, comfortable, and perfect for you and your group to spend a memorable day on. another fantastic oahu fishing charter vessel is the blue nun. the captain is great and offers both shared and private charters.  these hawaii activities start in waikiki, so you do not even have to drive to these activities in hawaii. if you are looking for a shared fishing charter in oahu, hawaii travel network offers these also.maui tours and activities
maui entertainment - there are several maui activities and tours to choose from. maui offers entertainment including ulalena. one of the best maui activities is the show ulalena. ualena is the most unique theatrical experience in hawaii and one of the most popular things to do in maui, hawaii. ulalena’s story comes from a mythology of spirit beings, which represent a natural environment of volcanoes, stars, oceans and ancient rainforests. it begins with the creation of the hawaiian islands and ends with the hawaii of today.  this is a great story to see and has been one of the “hot things to do in hawaii” for years.
watch in awe as dancers in beautiful costumes perform stunning acrobatic acts. let traditional hula music and powerful vocals take you back into another era similar to those of the hawaiian luaus. this show is a feast for the senses and a must-see for every visitor to maui. book this maui activity early and save through hawaii travel network.
maui luaus - one of the popular luaus in maui is drums of the pacific luau at the hyatt in maui. a traditional luau is a great romantic way to spend an evening, and the drums of the pacific luau which is located at the hyatt regency on beautiful kaanapali beach, promises you a night of hawaiian entertainment that will leave you dreamy with delight. luaus in hawaii are always top hawaii attractions.you are first met with a flower lei greeting for the ladies and a shell lei for the gentlemen, and fresh mai tais or fruit punch which flows all evening from the open bar. your evening’s hawaii entertainment begins with hawaiian music and dance, and you are invited to participate - hula lessons, poi ball lessons, coconut tree climbing, and coconut husking are all part of your before-dinner fun. this without a doubt is one of the best hawaii activities to do while in maui.then it’s time to unveil the main course at the hyatt luau in maui which is kalua pig cooked in an authentic imu pit. along with this dish are island favorites lined up in a generous all you can eat buffet: kalua pork, huli huli chicken, mahi mahi, ulupalakua beef, polynesian rice, baked kula potatoes, and many more favorites to tantalize your tastebuds. no maui luau is complete without maui entertainment, and the drums of the pacific offers you the hottest night on the island. besides a tantalizing polynesian fashion show, you are treated to a spectacular production that takes you on a journey through the islands of polynesia. this cultural extravaganza features authentic dances of fire and music of hawaii, samoa, fiji, new zealand, tahiti, tonga, and rarotonga.  this is one of those hawaii activities you don’t want to miss while in maui.make your reservation early to secure your place at this very popular and truly hawaiian activity.kauai activities and tours
kauai dinner cruises and kauai snorkeling - on kauai, be sure to check out the na pali coast on one of the kauai dinner cruises or kauai snorkeling cruises offered by both captain andy’s and blue dolphin charters both located in port allen. the na pali coast is not to be missed and can only been seen on a hawaii tour that takes out of port allen.
kauai zipline tours - another popular kauai activity are the canopy zipline tours in hawaii and kauai offers more zipline tours than any other island. from just 5 minutes from the airport, kauai backcountry adventures offers an amazing zipline tour and is one of the most popular kauai activities. the kauai zipline tour that has the longest zipline is the koloa zipline which is the newest zipline tour in hawaii. there are many different hawaii activities and things to do in hawaii and hawaii travel network has many to choose from! just call us at 866 482 9775 or click on the links for more information.big island activities and toursmanta ray night snorkeling - one of the most popular hawaii tours are the manta ray night snorkeling tours. this is a must on one of your hawaii trips. hawaii tourism authority has limited the number of tours on this activity, so booking in advance is a must!things to do in hawaii
hawaii travel network offers everything from a lei greeting at the airport to fantastic luaus so be sure to check out this site to save on many different hawaii activities and tours. just book and plan your hawaii activities in advance. we have the lowest prices on everything from hawaii luaus to hawaii car rentals. if you have any questions call us at 866-482-9775 with any questions you may have. you can order any of the hawaii tours or hawaii activities directly from the site and an email will be sent to you with your ticket information. we have been in business over 15 years. we have helped hundreds of thousands of people with their questions and hawaii trips. order your things to do in hawaii and save through hawaii travel network.







 



oahu activities
maui activities
big island activities
kauai activities




















home disclaimer cart attractions terms privacy policy
login
copyright 2021 by hawaii travel network
















