


divingheritage - the worlds largest virtual diving helmet museum



















welcome
      to diving heritage !!
      welcome to diving heritage, the world’s largest virtual diving museum.






















contact
      us !!

  





		please consider supporting ourefforts and make a donation
download
      a free banner







	search the diving heritage website 








you can buy this book:


20,000 divers under the sea




hall-rees submarine escape equipment




friedrich flohr helmet




unknown brazilian helmet




telephone: draegerwerke lubeck



italy: salvas



france: charles petit



canada: john date



siebe gorman flange



spanish: nemrod



japanese: 12 bolt choa helmet



american: tee wrenchmade from cast brass



chinese: tee wrench made fromcast brass, then chrome plated



germany lamp - possibly draegerestimate 1940-1960



american helmetmorse fisheries helmet



roman wojtusiakshallow water helmet



canadian helmet - john date3 port helmet



english helmet -  siebegorman 3 port harbour helmet



experimental diving unit bymorse diving equipment company



english helmet - siebe gorman6 bolt royal dutch navy



english helmet - siebe gormanlast production series of the 6 bolt helmet



american helmet - craftsweld12 bolt - 3 port helmets



american vince knive



a siebe gorman lock helmet



canadian helmeta more recent 3 light 12 bolt helmet



french helmet - rene piela 12 bolt 4 light helmet












last update: 3rd july 2017




recent updates




					your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
					





past updates 
					archive




update logs for the year 2017




					no updates for the year 2016




update logs for the year 2015




update logs for the year 2014




update logs for the year 2013




update logs for the year 2012




update logs for the year 2011




update logs for the year 2010




update logs for the year 2009




update logs for the year 2008




update logs for the year 2007




update logs for the year 2006











      now featuring over**
      600
      **
		different diving helmetsand bandmasks!




homepage image archive
 







diving 
			heritage, the world’s largest virtual diving museum is maintained to 
			explore the history of professional diving from its birth until the 
			present day. this history includes both historical and modern 
			equipment and some of the latest diving procedures, diver education 
			and employment. we are delighted to bring to you the world’s largest 
			collection of diving helmets from historical designers and 
			manufacturers
			such as siebe gorman, heinke , kirby morgan, morse, desco, ratcliffe, 
			schrader, miller dunn, galleazzi, draeger and may more.
if you 
			or your company would like to contribute diving related material you 
			can email us and we will endeavour to include it on the diving 
			heritage website. with your help we can help keep the heritage of 
			diving alive so everyone with an interest in professional diving can 
			be informed.
			so don’t hesitate and contact us at 
info@divingheritage.com

regular updatesvisit us again soon!


do you want to contribute? contact us at info@divingheritage.com










		 







diving heritage is a proud sponsor of hds 

copyright © 2000 - 2017
diving heritageor by the people and organisationsthat contributed material

| disclaimer |


