








home - blue ridge hospice













































 


skip to content



blue ridge care
blue ridge hospice
blue ridge independence at home
blue ridge palliative care services
 make a referral at +1 (833) 898-0714
donatetoggle navigationabout uslocationsour historyexecutive staff & boardserviceshospice careblue ridge provides the highest-quality, compassionate serious illness and end-of-life-care.
about hospiceyour care teaminpatient care centerpaying for hospicefrequently asked questions
community grief supportblue ridge provides grief support services to anyone in our community affected by death and dying.
individual counselingsupport groupschildren’s programsworkshopscalendar

hospice careabout hospiceyour care teaminpatient care centerspecialized veteran carepaying for hospicefrequently asked questionscommunity grief supportindividual counselingsupport groupschildren’s programsworkshopscalendarways to engagejoin uscareersvolunteereventsgive
donate

leave your legacy

corporate partnership program

2024 table of honor
shop. save. donate.
blue ridge thrift shops
work with usvolunteer with usattend our eventssign up for our newslettershop at our thrift shopsmake a donationleave your legacycorporate partnership programresourcesnews & storiespress releasespublicationsfor healthcare providerscontact us 


search for:









 















homebrh staff2025-01-14t17:30:07-05:00 
embracing life’s final chapterserious illness & end-of-life carecontact usour hearts beat with compassion and empathywe are a community-based, not-for-profit hospice care provider that has been a trusted source of expert care and support for patients and families since 1981. we provide comprehensive and accessible physical, emotional, and spiritual care during life’s transitions and most profound moments. our promise, “caring for life”, signifies our dedication to the full journey of life, not just the end. we are here for you, every step of the way, helping you make every moment count.
the highest-quality careas a 4-star rated provider with a 40+ year history of serving the community, blue ridge hospice consistently rates among the best hospice providers in the state according to medicare’s care compare tool.
90%willing to recommend blue ridge hospice
national average: 84%
84%rating of blue ridge hospice
national average: 81%
92%treating patient with respect
national average: 90%
*numbers based on a national medicare survey that asks a family member or friend of a hospice patient about their hospice care experience.
**data last updated: november 2024
learn about our serviceshospice careblue ridge provides the highest-quality, compassionate serious illness and end-of-life-care.
about hospiceyour care teaminpatient care centerpaying for hospicefrequently asked questions
community grief supportblue ridge provides grief support services to anyone in our community affected by death and dying.
individual counselingsupport groupschildren’s programsworkshopscalendar
our service area in virginiawe are your community hospice. blue ridge hospice’s headquarters are in winchester, virginia. we serve the counties of frederick, clarke, warren, shenandoah, page, loudoun, northern fauquier, and rappahannock, and the city of winchester.
learn more about how we never turn anyone living in our service area away.
our thrift shopsshop or donate unwanted items at any of our regional thrift shops. proceeds from sales benefit end of life care for the local community.
locations
list of accepted items

schedule a pickup

learn about e-recycling
how can you help?blue ridge hospice appreciates your generosity . whether it’s volunteering, shopping at one of our thrift stores, or making a financial contribution; your giving makes an impact. learn how you can help today.

volunteer

thrift shops

donate




 
 

careers

volunteer
contact333 west cork street, #405
winchester, va 22601
+1 (540) 313-9200
info@blueridgehospice.org
stay in touchenter your name and email to receive information and updates from us.


2

   

3

give todayhelp us provide the highest-quality compassionate care to everyone in our community. donor information is held in strictest confidence and will not be shared, sold, or traded with third parties. blue ridge hospice is a 501(c)(3) organization. all gifts are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law. tax id #54-1126227.
donateblue ridge hospice is licensed and is a certified medicare/medicaid provider. services are available regardless of age, race, sex, religion, ethnic origin, physical or mental handicap, diagnosis, prior modality of treatment, or ability to pay.
© copyright  blue ridge hospice, all rights reserved.
privacy policy


 
 
page load link







this website uses cookies and third party services. please read our privacy policy for more information.					

			ok		














 


go to top




