


pasco scientific | science lab equipment and teacher resources

































contact us 

my account

sign in

		new customer? create an account.
 

my favorites 

my cart 















subjects



products



pasco portal



downloads



resources



training & events



support














everythingproductsresources 





search







 any keyword



 exact match






 


search


















subjects





subjects index

college & universityphysicsengineeringchemistrybiologyhigh school (ap/ib)physicschemistrybiologyenvironmentalengineeringmiddle school & elementaryphysical sciencelife scienceearth scienceelementary sciencestem educationstem sense solutionscoding with sensorssense and control





products





products index

featuredsignature productscomplete experimentsnew productssensors & data loggingsensorsdata analysis softwareinterfaces & data loggerscurriculum & bundlescomplete curriculumpasco academyequipment kits & bundleslab manuals & teacher guideslab apparatus & supplieslab apparatuslab suppliesstem sense solutionscoding with sensorssense & controlbuild your ownclearanceindexproduct guidesindex





pasco portal





pasco portal index







resources





resources index

teacher resource centerexperiment libraryvideo libraryarticle libraryblog: tips & applicationscase studiesdiy 3d printingpasco partnershipsactivity-based physicsglobe programesri and arcgis





training & events





training & events index

training & eventsfree webinarswebinar & event recordingsprofessional developmentwho we areconference schedule





support





support index

quick linkssupport centerfind your representativefind product manualspasco portal help guidessoftware guidesknowledge basewarranty & returnsjoin our mailing listabout ustell us what you thinkcustomer experienceproduct feedback





about us





about us index

about uswhy choose pasco?transforming science educationsuccess storiesphenomena & 3dpasco & the environmentthe pasco foundationremembering paulcareers at pasconewsroomwhat's new at pascopress releases





privacy policy





privacy policy index

privacy policiesprivacy policy statementhow pasco uses cookiesstudent privacy policysoftware privacy policyyoutube privacy statementgoogle privacy statementccpa hr data privacy addendumgdpr privacy addendumab 1584 complianceab 375 complianceterms & conditionsterms of purchasewarranty & returnstrademarks & patentslicenses & agreementseducation software licensesebook usage agreementpasco openscied agreement



 







































 


previous



next






science lab equipment & teacher resources
powered by pasco

			our award-winning, hands-on science tools and datalogging solutions connect your students directly to science and stem concepts with classroom technology such as sensors, interfaces, and data 
			collection and analysis software.  we also design and manufacture high quality lab equipment for physics and engineering and offer curriculum solutions (textbooks, e-books, and 
			integrated lab technology) for physics, chemistry, biology, environmental science, and k-8 science.
		







physics







chemistry






biology







engineering







stem









science & stem technologies



				our award-winning wireless sensors utilize bluetooth low energy technology and effortlessly sync with mac and windows, smartphones, tablets, and chromebooks to display live, interactive data.
			







physics lab apparatus & instrumentation



mechanics
fluids & density
rotation
thermodynamics
electromagnetism
waves & optics
quantum
data collection
lab supplies








curriculum solutions



				essential physics and essential chemistry were developed by our team of educators, scientists, and curriculum developers to provide students with modernized textbooks that 
				educators can afford. both programs include a student textbook, e-book, digital teacher resources, lab manuals, and equipment kits. 
			



blog: tips & applications 
pasco poltergeist patrol | explore the unknown with pasco sensors!
check out the video of poltergeist patrol demonstrating how to use pasco sensors when investigating paranormal activity.


may 4th | a pasco portal to the galaxy: the saga continues
when last we saw our brave heroes, the small band of rebel bots successfully evaded capture. they now head to a pasco supply base to regroup and decode the contents of the stolen plans. join them on the next installment of their adventure!


a science teacher's review of pasco in the classroom
as an enthusiast for introducing stem to classrooms to prepare students for future careers in related fields, rachelle spoke highly of pasco.

 

lab activities & experiments 
fermentation (available only in digital format)
students use a wireless ethanol sensor with display (ps-4252) to determine the ability of yeast to use different types of carbohydrates for fermentation.


stress strain
the objective of this lab is to find the relationship between tensile stress and strain for various materials. the stress-strain apparatus stretches (and in some cases breaks) a test coupon while it measures...


stress strain (wireless)
the objective of this lab is to find the relationship between tensile stress and strain for various materials. the stress-strain apparatus stretches (and in some cases breaks) a test coupon while it measures...

 










conferences

					learn more about our products and get hands-on experience at regional and national conferences and workshops.
				

conference schedule











free webinars & webinar recordings

					join us for a free, interactive webinar, led by members of our professional development team, or explore our growing collection of webinar recordings. 
				

free webinar schedule
webinar & event recordings








pasco scientific has been an innovator in science education and science lab equipment for over 60 years.

			what began as a science fair project has become a trusted source for 
			high quality school laboratory equipment in the united states and around the globe.
			we carry lab supplies for your physics classroom and chemistry lab, as well as supplies for biology, life science, engineering, and environmental science. request a catalog!
		

			for the educational physics lab we invented carts and tracks, which are now standard teaching tools used worldwide. our technology leadership continues with the award-winning 
			smart cart, which removes the wires while providing new ways to study kinematics on and off the track. we also carry just about all laboratory supplies, from rods, clamps, and 
			ohaus balances to mass and hanger sets and laboratory glassware. see our full offering of lab supplies.
		

			for the chemistry lab we have the equipment you need: test tubes, ring stands, ph meters, digital microscopes, and much more. we also have test kits for environmental sciences and science 
			kits for electricity, waves, machines, and more.
		





follow us
newsletters, video, and social media





careers at pasco




contact us
toll free: 1-800-772-8700
phone: 1-916-786-3800
fax: 1-916-786-7565
find your representative


get support
support center
submit a request
find product manuals
software guides


about pasco
the pasco story
the pasco foundation
news & media
careers at pasco





back to top 




copyright ©2025 pasco scientific |
			terms & conditions |
			privacy policy |
			iso 9001 certified












