





recoveries anonymous; the solution focused twelve step fellowship

















































   home   
 r.a.'s guides 
r.a.'s books
 r.a.'s newcomers 
 contact us 
 r.a.'s meetings 
contribute to r.a.








if you want a full recovery from your problems 
and behaviors, recoveries anonymous is for you!
    welcome to recoveries anonymous. r.a. is for you, no matter your problem or behavior. we have no dues or fees. in r.a., we work all twelve steps by following the clear-cut directions given by the program's originators, the pioneers. we then find the same lasting recovery and contented, useful life they found.
    in r.a., we also duplicate what the pioneers did at their meetings. we only discuss the program's spiritual solution. we do not share about our problems or behaviors. so, your family and friends are also welcome to attend. in r.a., we guide you to fully work all twelve steps of our recovery program.
    for
    

        over forty-one
      
years, r.a. has helped thousands of men and women. many of them thought they were hopeless. do not be discouraged! life will have new meaning when you work all twelve steps of our recovery program. please bookmark and link to our website, then join r.a.'s email list. r.a. will help you, too!



join r.a.'s email list
frequently asked questions
getting started
r.a. members share
start an r.a. group
give us feedback
link to r.a.
tell a friend
fellowship services




the home page of ra's twelve step program
the twelve step recovery guides of ra's twelve step program
the books of ra's twelve step program.
for newcomers to ra's twelve step program.
contact ra's twelve step program.
find a meeting of ra's twelve step program.
frequently asked questions about ra's twelve step program
getting started with ra's twelve step program
members share about ra's twelve step program
start an group of ra's twelve step program
contribute to ra's twelve step program
give us feedback about ra's twelve step program
link to ra's twelve step program
tell a friend about ra's twelve step program
fellowship services for ra's twelve step program.






 join r.a.'s email list—get your informative free e‑newsletter!



*required!  the optional information below will let us
  notify you when a new r.a. group opens near you.






please be assured that your information is never shared.
your anonymity will be fully protected and respected.




 



r.a.'s "how to begin..." guides


    download and read r.a.'s free ''how to begin...'' guides. we suggest that you start with r.a.'s newcomer guide, ''how to begin living in the solution.'' it has important information about our twelve step program.





get started using our solution focused twelve step program of recovery.




r.a.'s solution focused books


    download and read r.a.'s solution focused books. they will help you move on to the next step in your search for recovery using our twelve step program of recovery.
             




read the answers to frequently asked questions about recoveries anonymous.




help us to help others:

bookmark and share our website with others. place a link to r.a.'s twelve step recovery program on your website, forum, or blog. then visit r.a.'s  feedback page.



learn more about our twelve step program of recovery, and why our twelve step fellowship will work for you, by getting our informative free e-newsletter!


print out, follow, and share the suggestions in r.a.'s highlighting introduction.






copyright  © 
                

                2025
                
                r.a. universal services, inc.   all rights reserved.


| home | r.a.'s guides | r.a.'s books | newcomers | contact us | meetings |

| faq | getting started | r.a. members share | link to us | tell a friend | 

		 | site map

| give us feedback | join r.a.'s email list | 

   | contribute to r.a. | fellowship services |  









