








the blog at fireplacemall | your fireplace accessories & chimneys











































skip to content




toggle navigationfireplacemall.com blogfireplace and chimney maintenanceusing your fireplacedecoratingsafetyholidayschimney capsfireplace dampersfireplace accessoriesoutdoor fires and fireplaceswood stove accessoriescontact usprivacy policycookies policy 


search for:









contact us
 






your fireplace accessories and chimney caps headquartershave any questions about your fireplace or chimney or fire pit? we are your source for accurate information and answers to your questions about chimney caps, fireplaces and their accessories, and fire pits.
prepare your fireplace and chimney for cold weatheras cold weather settles in, are you prepared to make the most of your fireplace and chimneys? these tips from fireplacemall.com will will set you up for chilly days and fire-season success:
will fireplace ashes melt ice?will fireplace ashes melt snow and ice or just improve traction? are there advantages or disadvantages to using ashes instead of rock salt or other chemicals on snow and ice?
continue reading
how much firewood per tree?want an old-timers’ rule of thumb for how many cords of firewood a tree yields? or are you looking for a more precise way to calculate how  much firewood per tree, as measured in cords, is available? here are quick and easy ways to find out how much split wood each tree produces.
continue reading
how and when to close the damper
when should your fireplace damper be open? and when should it be closed?
also find out how to open and close your damper.
learn what to do to fix a stuck damper.

why won’t my wood fire
stay lit? 
check it nowchristmas fireplace safetyuse the christmas fireplace safety checklist below to keep your family safe around the fireplace during the winter holidays.
are your christmas stockings hung on the fireplace mantel with care?check it out 
in the famous christmas poem, the stockings were not just “hung by the chimney;” they were hung “with care.” even in the midst of describing a nocturnal visit from santa, the author noted one important aspect of christmas fireplace safety!
3 ways to get more heat from your fireplacedoes your fireplace warm the cockles of your heart but leave your toes cold? with some modifications, your fireplace can become a legitimate heat source for your house and ensure your toes stay nice and toasty. read on to learn how to get more heat from your fireplace.
what you need to know before you light the first fire of the season.new to the world of wood burning fireplaces? is this your first winter with a new fireplace? or have you recently acquired the role of chief fire builder in your home?
recent blogview all


fun fireplace sweatersugly christmas sweater party on your calendar? or looking for a unique and fun way to celebrate the holidays? maybe you enjoy keeping your friends and coworkers entertained. fireplace sweaters let you take the hearth glow wherever you go. so light up that ugly christmas sweater party or a cozy night in with bright dancing […]
continue reading



bioenergy daythe united states celebrates national bioenergy day each october. it recognizes and encourages the use of renewable and sustainable bioenergy sources. in 2021, national bioenergy day is october 20. when any organic material with few or no productive applications is used to generate energy, we call it “bioenergy.” the biomass can be any organic low […]
continue reading



halloween fireplace mantel scarfa halloween fireplace mantel scarf is the fabric drape that covers the top of the mantel. it provides the foundation upon which a halloween themed mantel is created. the mantel scarf is to a fireplace mantel like a tablecloth is to a dining table: it sets the color scheme and theme. you can find a […]
continue reading
how to open fireplace damper and when to close the fireplace damperwhat you need to know about operating your chimney damper.
know more



 
 
chimney capstoggle navigationchimney capschimney caps for round fluessingle flue chimney capsmulti flue chimney capsoutside mount chimney capsspark arrestor chimney capsattach chimney capschimney cap damperchimney potschimney repairchimney surroundenervex – chimney fansfireplace accessoriestoggle navigationfireplace accessoriesandironsfatwood fire startersfirebacksfireplace ashes cleaningfireplace bellowsfireplace candelabrafireplace dampersfireplace giftsfireplace gratefireplace log holdersfireplace safetyfireplace screensfireplace setfireplace toolsoutdoor firestoggle navigationoutdoor firesfire pit grillfire pit gratesfire pit screenfabric fire pit coverlog rackswood stove accessoriestoggle navigationwood stove accessorieslog splitterwood stove kettle steamerwood stove trivetprivacy policycookies policy© 2025 fireplacemall.com



 
 



page load link






we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.

close gdpr cookie banner





accept

close gdpr cookie banner



 























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




cookie policy




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
more information about our privacy policy





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







cookie policy

more information about our cookie policy









enable all
save settings

 













go to top




