


france racing - back in black 2017




















enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


www.franceracing.com




















































































racing results 





hickory motor speedway
late model point standings





1...dexter canipe, jr. 
2...ryan millington
3...charlie watson
4...matt piercy
5...andrew garcia
6...casey pierce
7...hayden woods
8...dennis trivette
9...anthony alfredo
10..josh berry

updated august 26, 2016



































 france racing relocates to race city, u.s.a.

8/1/2016

mooresville, nc (august 1, 2014) – france racing has moved their operations to race city, u.s.a. (mooresville, nc). mike and team will return to the race track for the 2015 season, running against some of the best local track drivers in the country. while the 2015 schedule is still be developed, famed race tracks like hickory, concord, bowman grey and dillon are all being considered. 
 helping rejuvenate the team is associate sponsorship from  victory lane domains.  victory lane domains understands the racing community and makes registering domain names fast, simple, and affordable.  victory lane domains also has a host of complimentary products, like web hosting, e-commerace solutions, spam-free email and more to make your new domain shine.
 support racers, purchase you next domain or web products from  victory lane domains


next race: tbd 2017



 we're on the great sponsorship hunt. new marketing partners are a necessity for building a successful race team. we encourage you to keep your ears open for businesses looking to expand their current marketing opportunities. email the france racing marketing team
please be sure to visit the new apparel/merchandise page for t-shirts, hats, coffee mugs, etc.

 nascar late model trophy crash!










france racing




















all content copyright 2001 - 2016 franceracing.com 

powered by www.victorylanedomains.com 






