







the family tree - raising families up.






















































 












		skip to content








 





main menu
 


about usmenu toggle

org profile news / videos staff board of directors annual reports careers
programs & servicesmenu toggle

child abuse prevention month 24-hour parenting helpline parenting educationmenu toggle

co-parenting classes 
 support groups anger management home visitation flexible child care trainings resources
bcccrcmenu toggle

baltimore city child care resource center for families baltimore city child care resource center for providersmenu toggle

baltimore city child care resource center training calendar early intervention project gofcc – growing opportunities for family child care 

eventsmenu toggle

the 33rd great chefs’ dinner best of baltimore brent a. rosenberg family walk family block party
blogvolunteermenu toggle

volunteer intern
ways to givemenu toggle

donate gift of stock planned giving buy a brick host your own fundraiser holiday shop
donate 



search for:





search
 



 

 
 







 









raising families up. 













the family tree leads maryland in preventing child abuse, connects caring communities, and builds strong families to improve society for generations.
as the maryland chapter of circle of parents, parents as teachers, prevent child abuse america, and the national exchange club, we nurture hope where there may be none and give it room to grow and flourish.

learn more about our mission







latest news & updates











33rd annual great chefs' dinner
save the date! 
april 7th, 2025!
learn more!










latest from the blog










 the 5th annual evening to give thanks

by acook | december 14, 2023 | announcement | 0 commentsin november, we hosted our 5th annual evening to give thanks! we gathered at linwood’s to celebrate our accomplishments with our donors and thank them for their constant support. each year, we are honored to present three awards to some very special people. the... 
 read more 







 bcccrc thanksgiving give-a-ways

by acook | december 14, 2023 | announcement | 0 commentswe were honored to play a role in making the thanksgiving holiday a brighter time for the participants enrolled in our child development associate (cda) and maryland child care boost programs. twenty-one family child care professionals were given grocery store gift... 
 read more 







 family support services: cocoa with clause

by acook | december 12, 2023 | announcement | 0 commentson december 2, our home visiting staff hosted families for a special “cocoa with clause” event for our families. this was such a special day, where families took a festive photo with santa, made gingerbread houses, and enjoyed cookies and hot chocolate. the children... 
 read more 







 kids care plus friendsgiving

by acook | december 12, 2023 | announcement | 0 commentsthe week before thanksgiving, kids care plus, our free, drop-in daycare program, hosted a friendsgiving. parents, caregivers and children were invited to come together and enjoy a thanksgiving feast! each family got to enjoy time together, complete arts and crafts and... 
 read more 







 the brent a. rosenberg family walk at race for our kids

by acook | december 12, 2023 | announcement | 0 commentsit was a beautiful fall morning at the zoo in baltimore on october 7th as over 1,000 supporters of the family tree and lifebridge health (lbh) came together to run and walk in support of children and families.  as many of you already know, the family tree is now an... 
 read more 







 family resources conference

by acook | december 12, 2023 | announcement | 0 commentsfamily services conference 2023 the family tree hosted our first family services conference and resource summit on thursday, september 14, at the baltimore convention center. the event was a resounding success. this transformative event truly lived up to its mission... 
 read more 







 the family tree leadership board announces new executive director, stacey brown

by acook | september 19, 2023 | announcement | 0 commentsfor immediate release – september 19, 2023                                  contact: allie stahl                                   stephani renbaum astahl@familytreemd.org                    stephani@stephanipr.com 443-834-5053                                         ... 
 read more 










programs for families








parenting classes
our parent education programs provide tools to raise happy, healthy and competent children, along with a community of support. we empower and educate parents and children in their home, school or community using structured curriculum and support groups.



sign up for a class






home visits
our parent education programs provide tools to raise happy, healthy and competent children, along with a community of support. we empower and educate parents and children in their home, school or community using structured curriculum and support groups.



schedule a visit






anger management
our parent education programs provide tools to raise happy, healthy and competent children, along with a community of support. we empower and educate parents and children in their home, school or community using structured curriculum and support groups.



get support





community & professional trainings








ace interface project
adverse childhood experiences (aces) are traumatic events that occur in a child’s life. these events can include physical or sexual abuse, neglect, household dysfunction or witnessing violence. these types of events have a direct impact on children’s developing brains and can have negative health and well-being outcomes as an adult.








child sexual abuse prevention training
the family tree serves as the lead agency of the multi-sector partnership – maryland partnership to prevent child sexual abuse – created to oversee the planning and implementation of the enough abuse campaign. its mission is to prevent child sexual abuse by engaging adults and mobilizing communities in effective prevention efforts at the state and local levels.







learn more about trainings







24-hour parenting helpline
800.243.7337
the family tree’s 24-hour parenting helpline is designed for parents like you. we provide free and confidential advice, community resources, and support for parents and caregivers. call now, or save the number in your contacts for when you really need us.











“when i started my parenting class at the family tree, i began to realize what it meant to be a good parent. i kept going to the classes and each week i learned new ways to raise my son. before long, my friends at the family tree had helped me figure out my strengths and find the confidence to use them. for the first time, i saw the possibilities of a happy, healthy future with my son.”
ron





support our work.
we rely on private donations from amazing supporters like you.

donate now



 







 







social
































loginboard & staff login
 

contact us 
email
info@familytreemd.org

phone
parenting helpline: 800-243-7337

address
2108 n charles st.
baltimore, md 21218



 

affiliations 










							copyright © 2025 the family tree | design by hersick+webster 

donate | contact us | privacy & legal 
 






translate »

scroll to top



































 

