









buy or sell a business without a broker - bizsale.com



















































home
buy a business
sell a business
about
results
blog
fsbo
 


select page


  
 
 












buy or sell a business without a broker
we link buyers and sellers, without the huge broker fees. 
buy a businesssell a business





;






buy or sell a business the smart way
do you want to buy or sell a business? we offer national exposure without the hassle and expense of using a business broker. discover our proven method of linking buyers and sellers for mutual benefit. confidentiality is ensured.








flexible solutions for business buyers and sellers








buyer services



business buyersthere’s never been a better time to buy an existing business. find the perfect business for your situation.buy a business










seller services



sell a businesswe can expose your business to qualified buyers looking for business like yours.learn more










business fsbo directory



businesses for saleshop businesses now! search our free directory of businesses for sale by owner (fsbo).view businesses












why choose us
confidently buy or sell a business with bizsale
get expert support and relax knowing you’re in good hands.






z

no broker fees
we are not business brokers and do not charge a commission on the sale price.  this puts more money in your pocket!






z

confidentiality assured
we keep all correspondence, conversations and information about you and your business strictly confidential.








z

nationwide marketing
people that want to buy or sell a business nationwide respond to the advertising and marketing. 






z

prequalified buyer's database
our buyer’s database is pre-qualified with thousands to $30 million in capital for ready-to-buy businesses of all sizes, types, and locations. 








z

strategic exposure
our clients need strategic exposure which can mean the difference between selling their business or just liquidating it. we provide results that only a national company can provide.
 






z

help you can trust
since 1980, we have helped thousands of business buyers and sellers. we have the experience, talent and expertise that you can trust to meet your objectives.









how you do it
getting started is fast and easy








buyer registration
register as a buyer to get updates on new business opportunities that are tailored to your interests and qualifications.



register now






sell a business
schedule a phone call to learn how we can help you sell your business without a broker – quickly and at an optimal price.



free consultation






businesses fsbo
want to shop available businesses? search our free directory of businesses for sale by owner (fsbo).



search now







what our clients say
customer reviews


{we want to thank you again for the wonderful job you did and we highly recommend you and your company.5
                                    george c.
                                    {i would like to take this opportunity to thank you for assisting us. the packets of information you sent us were most helpful. highly recommend.5
                                    tom and arlene b.
                                    {i have enjoyed working with your staff and you should feel free to use me as a reference anytime. thank you again for your assistance.5
                                    john b.
                                    {i would like to let the personnel at affiliated business consultants know that they did a great job in helping us advertise our business. the buyer came from baltimore, maryland to buy our business in oklahoma. again, i want to thank your firm for helping us advertise on the internet and for finding buyers. i would refer your firm to others that would like to sell an existing business.5
                                    helen and larry w.
                                    {we would like to take the time and thank jim and the entire crew at abc for providing all the hard work and dedication in making our dream possible. we are very appreciative on how abc handled our listing and the service that they all conducted to make the sale of our business possible. thank you so much, jim and all the hard-working people with abc. when we get to florida we will be sending you pictures.5
                                    scott and shara m.
                                    {i am writing to commend you for your work in selling our engineering and surveying business in mississippi. i thought that it would be a very difficult task but your staff was patient and led me through the maze. thank you so much for all your help and i would recommend your company to anyone wishing to sell a business.5
                                    gerald w.
                                    {thank you very much for advertising our business. we were extremely pleased with the number of requests you had for our portfolio. our buyers would not have found us without your help. again, thank you very much!! we will now be able to retire and enjoy our winters at our home in florida and our summers at our home in michigan.5
                                    bob and peggy w.
                                    {i want to thank all of you for your services. you handled everything very professionally from the original contact through your salesman until the closing of the sale.5
                                    leo j
                                    








learn more
from our blog



 selling a small business: your guide to a seamless transitionselling a small business: your guide to a seamless transitionread more  dec 10, 2024   10 common mistakes business sellers make and how to avoid them10 common mistakes business sellers make and how to avoid themread more  nov 12, 2024   ten essential tips for first-time business sellersten essential tips for first-time business sellersread more  jul 9, 2024   
 








why work with us

you keep more of your money when you sell your business
you get qualified buyers that are ready to buy
buyers work directly with business owners
proven track record of success since 1980













faq
frequently asked questions


how are you different from a business broker?
bizsale.com is an advertising company and not real estate agents, salesmen, or brokers. this means we don’t charge a commission when you buy or sell a business though us. our fees are fixed in advance.  we don’t hide buyers from you but rather actively involve you in the sales process.
learn more

how do i determine the value of my business?
a realistic business valuation requires more than merely looking at last year’s financial statement. you need to perform a thorough analysis of several years of the business operation. then you must assess the future outlook of the industry, the economy, and how your company will compete.
learn more https://www.bizsale.com/about-us/blog/faq/determining-value

in what states do you offer business marketing services?
we offer businesses marketing services in all 50 states to business buyers and sellers that want to save thousands of dollars by avoiding expensive business broker fees.
here is a growing list of short cuts that link directly to state information.

iowa businesses for sale by owner
montana businesses for sale by owner
texas businesses for sale by owner
nebraska businesses for sale by owner
colorado businesses for sale by owner
arizona businesses for sale by owner
minnesota businesses for sale by owner
north dakota businesses for sale by owner
south dakota businesses for sale by owner

 




 












about
bizsale.com is the website for affiliated business consultants (abc). the site was established in 1994 and is one of the webs oldest and largest directories of businesses fsbo (for sale by owner). bizsale.com is updated daily.



site menu
home
businesses fsbo
buy a business
buyer registration
sell a business
seller registration
business valuations
blog
about
presentations



contact info
toll free: 800.617.4204
office:  719.540.2200
fax:  719.540.9666
address
affiliated business consultants, inc.2864 s. circle drive, suite 540colorado springs, co 80906-4130





© affiliated business consultants, inc.2025 | all rights reserved.










home








email








call





 





































