






the kor group |




































about
portfolio
hospitality
team
press
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















































































curating the historic. creating the iconic.

we are a vertically-integrated real estate investment, development, and management firm. for over 25 years, we have successfully acquired and developed distinct, design-driven hospitality, residential, and commercial office assets valued in excess of $3 billion. our boutique structure as a privately held company allows for flexibility to underwrite and execute deals of all asset types, sizes, and structures in order to secure the best opportunities in the market and generate above-average, risk-adjusted returns for our partners.
our experience + proven results include:
 







spotlight





whitney uptown



whitney uptown is a 21-story modern high-rise comprised of 196 apartments and penthouses with ground floor retail and creative office in dallas, tx. located in the heart of historic uptown dallas on mckinney ave – in close proximity to eclectic dining, shopping, and entertainment — uptown tower’s amenities include a 5th floor rooftop pool deck with majestic views, grilling area, fitness center, spa, and a live-work-play resident lounge. renovations underway include full unit updates, common areas, and exterior upgrades.
 
more →



whitney at the heights



whitney at the heights is a 186-unit multifamily community in the greater heights area of northwest houston, tx. the three-story garden style apartments are situated on a lushly landscaped 6-acre campus with resort-like amenities (pool, fitness, clubhouse, dog park) and conveniently located near major employers and a wide range of eclectic dining, shopping, and entertainment. renovations soon to be underway include full unit updates, common areas and  exterior upgrades.
 
more →





eastbound



this 230,000 square foot class a office is located in creative east austin. the development consists of two four-story buildings and a parking garage on 3.4 acres. west of west and gensler architects are leading the design using precast architectural panels and a cast in place concrete structure, complete with 15’-foot ceilings flooded with natural light. the project partners include goldman sachs and lincoln property company. construction is underway with a target opening of spring 2022.
more →



wray north dallas



wray north dallas is a 276-unit, two-story garden style/townhome property in the suburban carrollton neighborhood of dallas, tx. the modern style apartments and two-story townhomes are situated on a lushly landscaped 15-acre campus with resort-like amenities (pool, fitness, clubhouse, work lounge) and conveniently located to a wide range of eclectic dining, shopping, and entertainment. renovations underway include full unit updates, common areas, new amenities along the creek, and exterior upgrades.
more →



 







sales & marketing
investor login
affiliated websites
privacy
terms of use
contact
linkedin
 




 



















