






bleachers-benches-picnic tables-custom orders – một trang web mới sử dụng wordpress



































home
about us
our products

aluminum planks
accessories
benches
bleachers
picnic tables


contact info
 





select page


  
 



 



 















accessories
we provide parts and accessories for all your seating needs. we have planks in many sizes for retrofitting or replacement of old and worn wood & fiberglass planks.
 

 
 




aluminum seating inc. 
bleachers – benches – picnic tables – custom orders
 

 
 




benches
we offer all types of commercial grade benches for any type of need whether it be in the dugout, the locker room, or the park.
 

 
 




bleachers
full aluminum bleachers made in many variations including low-rise, tip-up, and ada.
 

 
 




picnic tables
all aluminum, durable, and long lasting. many years of wonderful meals & conversations with colleagues, classmates, family, and friends. 
 

 
 




aluminum planks
many types of planks to fit any and every project. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 



why choose us

 
 
 
 






above the industry standard

our seat planks have a wall thickness of 0.093 (pn6). extruded 6063 alloy t6 temper. pictured: our 6’2″ 250lbs employee laying on our seating plank.


 
 
 




competition 

many others will offer planks with a wall thickness of only .078″. 


 
 
 
 
 






square tube frame

2″x2″ aluminum square tube is used in all of seating frames (bleachers, benches, and tables).


 
 
 




angle frame

many other manufacturers will use cheaper angle in their frames.


 
 
 
 
 






aluminum railing system

all of bleachers feature an aluminum railing system available in horizontal or vertical railing.


 
 
 




chain-linked fencing

regular bleachers are often made with chain linked fencing. easy to climb and not too aesthetically appealing. 


 
 
 
 
 






strong and sturdy design

like our bleachers, aluminum seating’s benches feature the same square tube frame. this provides a much stronger structure than the cheaper and common angle framing.
pictured: portable model pn103l


 
 
 




heavy duty

our commercial grade picnic tables feature extra bracing on the already standard square tube frame making it superior in strength through the heaviest of use.


 
 
 
 
 






bleachers



 
 
 




benches



 
 
 




picnic table



 
 
 




accessories 



 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 



contact info  phone: (909) 884-9449
 email: sales@aluminumseating.com
 address: riverside, california

   copyright 2018 © aluminumseating

      
 





google


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 















