





home - greater vancouver board of trade



































events

upcoming events
governors' gala & rix awards
sponsorship opportunities
past events



membership


membership levels
request information
member directory
memberperks
community spotlight
group benefits plans
membership team



advocacy


reports and initiatives
policy forums
policy committees
join a committee



training




professional development

environmental, social, governance (esg)
equity, diversity and inclusion (edi)



leadership development

engaged leadership program (elp)
leaders of tomorrow program (lot)

business development

ai adoption program
scale-up centre for smes (scs)

world trade centre vancouver

trade accelerator program (tap)
digital transformation workshop (dtw)
market activation program (map)








media and resources


articles
media statements
news releases
open letters
reports


 

 search


|


become a member


|


about



 login










eventseventsgovernors' gala & rix awardssponsorship opportunitiespast eventsmembershipmembershipmembership levelsrequest informationmember directorymemberperkscommunity spotlightgroup benefits plansmembership teamadvocacyadvocacyreports and initiativespolicy forumspolicy committeesjoin a committeetrainingtrainingprofessional developmentenvironmental, social, governance (esg)equity, diversity and inclusion (edi)leadership developmentengaged leadership program (elp)leaders of tomorrow program (lot)business development ai adoption programscale-up centre for smes (scs)world trade centre vancouvertrade accelerator program (tap)digital transformation workshop (dtw)market activation program (map)media and resourcesmedia and resourcesarticlesmedia statementsnews releasesopen lettersreports


become a member


about


world trade centre vancouver



 login


 search












lead, unite, and champion business













upcoming events


       join the honourable wayne wouters, former clerk of the privy council, to explore how political change impacts government-business collaboration. gain insights into ottawa's decision-making, leadership transitions, and strategies for navigating challenges and opportunities in uncertain times. includes a q&a session.    tue | feb. 18 2025 navigating government & business in uncertain times: insights from a former clerk of the privy council  
    wait-list    the greater vancouver board of trade welcomes mayor ken sim back for his third annual state of the city presentation.    wed | feb. 19 2025 2025 state of the city address with mayor ken sim  
       join us for an unforgettable evening of connection and collaboration!

enjoy engaging conversations, delicious refreshments, a photo shoot opportunity, and the chance to forge meaningful connections.    thu | feb. 20 2025 connect & thrive: a networking evening at nyit vancouver!  
       join us for an engaging session with ryan, where we will provide updates on proposed changes to the sr&ed program and discuss practical strategies for accessing non-dilutive funding opportunities to align with strategic direction and investment priorities.    tue | feb. 25 2025 navigating complexity: tax decisions and non-dilutive funding opportunities  









sold out


join the greater vancouver board of trade for an official address by the honourable david eby, premier of british columbia...



friday | feb. 23 2024
2024 b.c. budget recap with premier david eby









building upon idea essentials 1.0 training to develop a deeper understanding on principals of equity, diversity, and inclusion.



monday | mar. 01 2024
building an inclusive workplace certificate program









in this workshop, led by jeremy hardern, ontrack business coaching, you’ll walk through the process of building the ...



tuesday | apr. 14 2024
the right fit: find the right people and right seats for your business









the greater vancouver board of trade invites you to this one-year countdown event to hear the story of how the brand visual identity of...



friday | apr. 31 2024
connecting through sport: journey to invictus





more events




media and resources










the 3% challenge: agenda for economic growth
whether it’s the rising cost of housing, unaffordable grocery bills, or an increasingly heavy tax burden, too many british columbians feel the economy is not working for them.
wednesday, jan 30 2025







2024 benchmarking greater vancouver
the greater vancouver board of trade commissioned the business of cities to conduct the inaugural benchmarking greater vancouver report, assessing how the greater vancouver region measures up to leading international peer cities on our economic performance, infrastructure & sustainability, and liveability.
thursday, may 02 2024







2023 industrial land shortage
the greater vancouver board of trade and the naiop vancouver chapter commissioned a report by intervistas consulting inc. and urban systems, assessing the economic impact of the industrial land shortage in metro vancouver.
wednesday, september 13, 2023







2023 counting the costs report
the greater vancouver board of trade has released a new report outlining how the cumulative impact of direct costs imposed on businesses in british columbia is impeding growth, entrepreneurship, and investment in the province in the face of global economic headwinds.
wednesday, may 24, 2023




 
 
 
 
   2s



more media and resources


 


training





world trade centre vancouver
connecting you to international trade and export opportunities so that your business can prosper locally.



engaged leadership program
providing resilient leadership training, mentorship, and community engagement opportunities for our future leaders.



esg fundamentals microcredential
investigating environmental, social, and governance impacts and developing a strategy to act on your values.



equity, diversity and inclusion (edi)
offering training with leading experts on a variety of topics to support employees at all levels to become edi champions.


more training







our pillar partners























 










our pillar partners











mailing address
greater vancouver board of trade world trade centre vancouver 

 suite 400-999 canada place (komagata maru place) vancouver, b.c. v6c 3e1
 hours: 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
 604-681-2111

© 2025 greater vancouver board of trade




about
careers
advertising
document certification
become a member
member code of conduct
privacy policy
whistleblower policy





    
   join our mailing list 




land acknowledgement: greater vancouver board of trade acknowledges that our office is located on the unceded territory of the coast salish peoples, including the territories of the xʷməθkwəy̓əm (musqueam), səl̓ílwətaʔ/selilwitulh (tsleil-waututh) and skwxwú7mesh (squamish) nations. we thank them for the privilege of working, learning, and living in this place and acknowledge their continued resilience, sustainable stewardship, and community activity for generations to come.











email address




password



forgot password

login








 create an account







search search









