








economic development partnership of alabama - edpa


















































 












skip to content







 




 













 







 
why alabama? thriving business climate excellent quality of life workforce ready competitive taxes and incentives transportation gatewaysite selectionindustries aerospace automotive agricultural chemical distribution & logistics forest products information technology life sciences metals & advanced materialsresource center tax credits seedsinnovation & entrepreneurshiptalentnewsroom





 





search









close



 







 












 




 
nimble. stealthy. innovative. good for an attack ship. 


 
even better for the state that builds them. 


 
innovation is in our dna. 


 
we know, we've checked it out. 


 
any state can promise the moon. 


 
alabama actually delivered it. 


 
technology is not just our future 


 
it's our today. 



















 


alabama.where the world’s best and brightest shine...


















			jan 28, 2025			


edpa acquires birmingham bound to expand its proven success statewide 
















			jan 27, 2025			


jordan howard joins economic development partnership of alabama as vice president of strategic alliances 
















			oct 16, 2024			


miller girvin named president of the economic development partnership of alabama, effective january 1, 2025 











more news






































 


... and where imagination  is the fuel for innovation.
















 


why bring your business to alabama?
















 


alabama is a state of business optimism, vibrant culture and innovation. we have world-class talent across a broad spectrum of interests and industries. innovative emerging companies, whether home-grown or transplanted, are inspired by the state’s business and economic climate and quality of life. the economic development of alabama is our priority: to be your trusted source for information, including data and insights to help you navigate the many benefits the state has to offer. prepare to be wowed and delighted.







why alabama?


















 


great support.whether you come here or you’re from here.







startup & innovation








 


















 


to live it is to love it.






it’s as easy to live in alabama as it is to succeed here. our renowned hospitality, combined with our business-friendly and supportive environment, diversity and scenic beauty turns newcomers into long-timers.
















 




 




thrivingbusiness climate  






 




 




excellent qualityof life  






 




 




workforceready  






 




 




great taxes &incentives  






 




 




robusttransportation  
















 




 




thrivingbusiness climate  






 




 




excellent qualityof life  






 




 




workforceready  






 




 




great taxes &incentives  






 




 




robusttransportation  
















 




 




thriving business climate  






 




 




excellent quality of life  






 




 




workforceready  






 




 




great taxes & incentives  






 




 




robusttransportation  
















 


find your win





 


whether you’re looking for existing business space, or a new site to build on, alabama has a lot to offer.







property search







 








 













 


sign up for our newsletter







 

































 


about edpa:






 



overview
staff
board of directors
supporting organizations
 







 


edpa programs:






 



alabama launchpad
advantagesite
 







 


contact:






 



contact us
(205) 943-4700
(800) 252-5453
 







 


follow us:






 









































 


privacy policy | © 2021 edpa. all rights reserved









 
























