










     2019 nys funders conference – ny funders alliance

































































 (315) 565-0451 | member login 
about

staff & board member directory contact careers
events

calendar 2024 nys funders conference 2023 nys funders conference wrap up
membership

become a member member benefits member directory
networksresources

philanthrojobs public policy philanthronews grant seekers census 2020 covid-19 resources
contact 

  
 


        				2019 nys funders conference        			



















thank you for attending the 2019 nys funders conference!




september 9th – september 11th, 2019
albany, new york







conference planning committee

marnie annese, health foundation for western & central ny
george ferrari, community foundation of tompkins county
josh gewolb, harter secrest & emery llp
danielle gill, cny community foundation
dr. marilynn patterson grant, william & sheila konar foundation
andrea grout, the adirondack foundation
jennifer killian, the dyson foundation
don matteson, the peter and elizabeth c. tower foundation
laura rossi, westchester community foundation







local host committee

gabrielle calabrese, m&t bank
leslie cheu, troy savings bank charitable foundation
shelly connolly, community foundation for the greater capital region
john eberle, community foundation for the greater capital region
peter gannon, united way of the greater capital region
jacqueline marciniak, mvp health care
kristi miller, the schenectady foundation
charmaine ushkow, times union







hear what your colleagues are saying….










“one of the workshops i attended was on land banks, and we took a tour of several projects. this is a tool i was unfamiliar with, and i was interested in learning about it as oswego county was in the process of establishing a land bank. the tour provided a great deal of information and did an excellent job of demonstrating many different ways land banks can serve a community.”
kathleen fenlon
board chair, richard s. shineman foundation, oswego, ny






“as an attorney working with tax exempt organizations, and as a board member of many not for profit organizations i found the conference opportunities extremely valuable. there were great opportunities to connect with foundation leaders in their field, and fantastic learning about cutting edge grantmaking ideas and innovative programs in an ever changing society.”
christine woodcock dettor

bousquet holstein, pllc, syracuse, ny






“it’s always great to connect with other funders and learn about the various work that’s going on across the region.”
chuck colston

the peter and elizabeth c. tower foundation, getzville, ny








home
overview
schedule
registration
speakers & sessions

pre-conference session


site visits
sponsors and exhibitors

conference exhibitors


additional activities
contact
 
















all rights reserved








 







×
your ticket for the: 2019 nys funders conference


















title
2019 nys funders conference


usd



























close
print























