








audrey's baked goods | long island wedding cakes and bakery















we look forward to serving you this new year.



new year’s eve: 7:00 am - 6:00 pm
new year’s day: 9:00 am – 2:00 pm

proceed to main site






 -->


    








wedding cakes
specialty cakes
bakery

cakes and fillings
faq's
get in touch




















audrey’s fine baked goods has earned a well-known and respected reputation in the industry, providing high-quality baked goods for long island and new york tri-state area since 1996. you can find us in the heart of west sayville, long island, our home for the last  years!




our process
all of our cakes and fillings are made on-premise, and we offer a variety of designs and flavors to accomodate even the most demanding needs.
in addition to servicing many restaurants, retail customers, private venues and local businesses, our products are featured at all of our long island and new york apogee events catering establishments.



come in & visit us


- store hours -
              
              monday: closed
              
              tues-sat: 7am-6pm
              
              sunday: 7am-4pm
            









wedding cakes
made from the freshest, finest ingredients, our cakes are sure to stand out on your special day.

see our designs






specialty cakes
there is nothing we can’t make! our experienced bakers have the tools to meet the needs of any milestone.

see gallery






bakery sweets
stocked daily, our bakery specializes in assorted breads, pastries, and of course, cakes for all occasions.

view selections





we hope to bake you something sweet soon!




our shop is open daily and stocked with specialty sweets for any occasion.
directions 


to set up a tasting or for information about wholesale pricing, please contact us.
contact us 





229-231 montauk highway
west sayville, ny 11796
(631) 244-7288 • info@audreybakes.com


find us on facebook
find us on the knot


wedding cakes
specialty cakes
bakery
cakes & fillings
faq's
contact us


owned and operated by lovin' oven catering of suffolk, llc copyright ©1994 -  all rights reserved
















