austin no kidding! | meetup skip to contentaustin no kidding!austin, tx, us582 members · private grouporganized by jerrie  and 15 othersshare:request to joinabouteventsmembersphotosmorerequest to joinwhat we’re aboutwelcome to austin no kidding! (ank!), the social group for adult couples and singles who never have had children. if you are not a parent, and would like to socialize with other adults who are also childfree, please join us. we sponsor several activities a month and a variety of special events. there are no membership dues or fees; we are all volunteers. in ank!, we have fun, make friends, and create a community for austin-area adults who are childfree.   it is that simple. our members, for whatever reason, are not parents. in ank!, we recognize that it can be difficult for adults who are not parents to find friendship with others who are similarly childfree. our many events celebrate the freedom and spontaneity of being an adult without children.  we are always ready for new ideas. 
rsvp policy:  since we’re all childfree we’re also busy folks. if you find you can’t make an event please change your rsvp to no in a timely manner so people on the wait list can move up.  if you find at the last minute you can’t make it, please still let the host know.  two no-shows means you’ll hear from an organizer and may be removed from the group.  code of conduct: ank is a social group.  respect the other members.  if you’re hoping to harvest our members for business sales, forget it.  if you’re hoping to enlighten us on your religion or end of the world cult, no thanks.  in general, anyone making members feel harassed or uncomfortable will be removed from the group.  is someone bothering you?  let an organizer know. upcoming events (1)see allfri, mar 7, 2025, 1:00 am utc book club: troubled by rob henderson - irl/virtual eventlink visible for attendees7 attendeesattendpast events (338)see allfri, jan 31, 2025, 1:00 am utc book club: american nations by colin woodard - irl/virtual eventthis event has passed10 attendeesorganizersjerrie . and 15 othersmessagemembers (582)see allthis content is available only to membersgroup linksfind us also attwitteraustinnokidding.comrelated topicssocialchildfreechildless by choicechildren couplesdinks (double income no kids)create your own meetup group.get startedstart a new groupyour accountsign uplog inhelpbecome an affiliatediscovergroupscalendartopicscitiesonline eventslocal guidesmake friendsmeetupaboutblogmeetup procareersappspodcastfollow us© 2025 meetupterms of serviceprivacy policycookie policylicense attributionhelp 