

accutron watch repair professional bulova watchmakers-30 years






























po box 1265kill devil hills, nc 27948


accutron_watch_repair@oldfathertime.com 



contact us for accutron repair
home   
accutron repair 
form   
accutron watches for sale   
spaceview watches for sale  
accutron batteries & parts
  referral center










bulova accutron watch repair 
			and restoration



















accutron 
			repair form





 for professional vintage accutron 
			watch repair
			with 30 years experience
			& complete new/old stock parts supply

			bulova recommended 







			click here for


			easy repair form


			with 1,000 accutrons coming into our 
		






				studio 
			yearly, why send your accutron repair to anyone else?  accutron 
			restoration is our specialty.we've been an 
			authorized bulova dealer & vintage service facility for over 25 
			years.
			 servicing 214, 218 series and 224 series accuquartz








bulova recommended




bulova accutron 

 214,  218 and 2242 (accuquartz), 
watch repair



custom 
accutron watch restoration has been our specialty since 1993 
including re-plating services, case repair, and dial or chapter ring 
restoration.  we receive approximately 1,000 vintage accutron watches each 
year and we're recommended by the manufacturer for repair of all their vintage 
accutron  
 214,  
218 series and 224 series (accuquartz),watches.  
we've even been contracted by bulova to repair the personal vintage watches of 
their ceo!!    that's why since 1993 we've been known as 
"the 
authority on accutron". 

vintage accutron watch repair is our passion.  our staff of watchmakers is 
highly skilled and is either a certified or master watchmaking professional.   
our watchmakers attend continuing education classes provided by awci or wostep 
trainers.  this is essential in staying abreast of new technologies and 
advances in the field.
our 
base service for vintage accutron watches includes: thoroughly clean and 
regulate vintage electronic watch movement including complete 
disassembly/re-assembly, proper lubrication of the movement, new gaskets, new 
battery, labor involved in replacing any worn or damaged parts, polishing all 
pivots, plates, screws, etc. we'll also ultrasonically clean your case and/or 
bracelet.

unlike many internet repairers we charge no additional fees for 
restoration of individual case components such as backs, pushers, crowns, or 
battery doors and bezels.  our case restoration service is "all inclusive" 
and is actually less expensive than our 'hobby 
competitors'.   we also offer many types of case repair and 
re-plating services, authentic spaceview crystal replacements and all 
factory-correct new/old stock components or newly manufactured factory parts.  
as a bulova dealer and service provider for vintage accutron repair we're able 
to offer many authentic components not offered elsewhere.  we purchased 
bulova's stock of parts for many vintage tuning fork models.  we 
professionally handle all types of restoration projects with over 65 (combined) 
years of experience.

  
old father time is dedicated to 
excellence in the horological craft.  to 
learn more about what to look for in a professional watchmaking facility, see


this link for 
security information.




click this link for a few 
photos showing hobbyist accutron repairs



bulova accutron watch 
repair - repair accutron watch - repair my accutron watch.




our accutron 
		process:




 













				check calendar for shipping












we provide a 


mail in accutron repair form 
			for your convenience.  the form may be completed on your screen, 
			then printed and shipped with your accutron.

 
			once your watch arrives it is locked in a secured location with fire 
			and theft monitoring 24 hours/day.

 
			within 4-5 business days following arrival, a skilled accutron 
			repair watchmaker will diagnose your accutron and we'll provide a 
			detailed, written evaluation by email, with clear instructions of 
			how proceed.

 
			we accept many forms of payment including personal check, 
			credit/debit card & 
			e-check.  

if you 
			decide to proceed with repairs,
			payment is 
			not processed until we have an anticipated shipping date for your 
			accutron.
if you 
			decide not to proceed with repairs, we process your 
			"estimate/shipping" fee of $65, and we package your watch and return 
			it promptly with tracking.

 

click 
		here for more information on our repair process
 








notifications and 
		status changes:




with all oft accutron 
		repairs, you'll always be notified with status changes:

1.  when we've prepared 
		your accutron repair estimate  
		
2.  when we've 
		received payment and place your accutron into the workflow3.  when 
		we're nearing completion of repairs and have an anticipated shipping 
		date in sight  
		
4.  when we have 
		shipping and tracking information for you.

5.  we then ship 
		restored accutrons by 2nd day federal express with insurance for 
		high-value items.
 






      
	


	read about reasons to chooseold father timeover any other internet 
	repairer here. 



see what our 
	accutron repair customers
have to say


 



customized 
bulova accutron repair and restoration
performed by certified watchmakers

accutron watch repair is our specialty.  we've been repairing bulova 
accutron watches for 30 years.  in a typical week we repair  
astronaut models, spaceview models, railroad approved 
models, 214s, 218s, mark ii modelss, accuquartz, and mark iv models.  accutrons of very style and variation are 
restored to their original beauty in our studio every day.

bulova has 
trusted old father time with vintage accutron 214 and 218 repair and restoration 
for over 20 years.  bulova contacted us when it was time to sell all their 
vintage accutron repair parts supply and accutron repair materials/accutron 
equipment and tools.  for that reason they continue to refer 
accutron repair customers to oft every day.  they know that we have the 
new/old stock parts to correctly perform the work.  please review our 
accutron repair comment page from customers who are enjoying their bulova 
accutron tuning fork watch again because of old father time.

we also receive numerous accutrons in our studio for repair every month that 
have been mishandled or outright butchered by 
hobbyists.  accutron repair is a 
delicate procedure requiring specialized knowledge, expertise and equipment.

please feel free to
email us at:
watchmakers@oldfathertime.com



 accutron 
information and history














click here for
accutron repair form









packing & shipping suggestions


pack 
your watch in a box that's approximately 8" x 10" x 4" in size, or a size that 
can't easily be lost by the carrier.  we suggest wrapping your accutron in 
bubble-wrap  and then packing in styrofoam peanuts or void air bags.  
we recommend the use of usps 
registered, insured mail.  
this method is a little slower, but much safer.  your package is signed off 
on every time it moves from one locked container to another within the postal 
system.  retain your tracking number to track its travels and know exactly 
when we receive your accutron.

please make no reference to the contents on the outside of your package.  
our address label  at the bottom of our 


accutron 
repair form  
may be used for us postal service 
only.  
in order to 
receive your repair estimate by email, you'll need to have adobe reader 
installed on your computer.  this service is free and can be downloaded 
here


...and add

watchmakers@oldfathertime.com to your list of email contacts to 
receive our written accutron repair estimate by email.  it's otherwise sent 
by postal mail.


 


do not send accutron original or manufacturer boxes.all packaging is 
discarded
 





estimate 
fee


our $65 estimate fee on 
accutron repair  includes partial disassembly to properly diagnosis 
needed repairs, detailed written estimate, and return shipping and insurance 
with proper tracking.  if,  after obtaining your approval, we repair 
your accutron 
the 

estimate is free!

please allow adequate turn-around time. 
as the largest 
		




				studio 
in the u.s. for accutron repair, turnaround time can vary depending on the 
number of repairs in our studio at any given point.  
our current turnaround time is 5-7 weeks.  your patience is always 
appreciated!
 









click here for
accutron repair form




 

we are a recommended 
			service center for all vintage bulova accutron 214, 218 series & 224 
			series watches.
need more 
			information about your accutron repair and restoration?check the 
			new accutron pages below:

 




































oft home
		- 




about oft 
		- 



oft accutron reviews

		-  




our policies

		-  


legal info 
		- 

intellectual rights 
		 - 
		 


contact info

















				

		all material on the site
copyright 1992, 2024old father time, llc
all rights reserved










