













tcalc financial calculators | timevalue software


















































search form

search *





 









call us at 800-426-4741
support@timevalue.com




quick buy form
pay invoice














 (0)



products 



products
amortization software & financial calculators
amortization software & financial calculators



 products

amortization software




financial calculators



tax interest & penalty solutions
tax interest & penalty solutions



 products

irs/state interest and penalty software



irs payroll tax interest, penalty, and forms software



irs failure to deposit penalty abatement software



workload management software
workload management software


due date tracking and task management software





support & resources




support & resources
support

downloads
training videos
webinars
faqs



resources

pay invoice
product registration
applicable federal rates

blog

tvalue glossary




can't find what you're looking for?
contact us






what’s new


product links 





having a problem signing in or need to update your contact information?
contact us







product links

links


tvalue online software
payrollpenalty software









contact
quick buy form
pay invoice
cart (0)















  

add valuable interactive
content to your website
customizable and user-friendly tcalc financial calculators will keep customers returning to your website again and again
 
                        video                    

buy now





jump to: 
                why tcalc?


why tcalc?
calculators
how it works
video
pricing

faqs/q&a

contact us





all website content is not created equal

tcalc financial calculators are an addition to your website that creates an interactive experience and helps your customers and clients answer their personal financial questions.



marketing tool
informative
user friendly
integration
customizable


marketing tool

financial calculators give your clients a reason to visit your website

calculators are often one of the most used and visited pages on a website
add links or promotions to individual calculations to advertise your services
choose calculators by bundle, category, or individually from over 40 personal financing calculators
capture lead information from your calculators, e.g. with an online loan application


informative

answer everyday personal financial questions

mortgage related – “how much home can i afford?”
retirement related – “how long will my retirement last?”
investment related – “what will my investments be worth in the future?”
personal related – “how much car can i afford?”
lease related – “how much will my lease payments be?”


user friendly

informative, educational, and fun to use

a simple question and answer format makes tcalc financial calculators simple to use
dynamic charts and graphs make calculations informative, easy, and fun
calculator presentations are easy to understand for even the non-financial customer
mobile friendly and cross platform compliant, they work with any browser
no java or any other installation is required


integration

integrating the calculators is as easy as copy and paste

calculators integrate into your existing site and allow you to easily adjust the fonts, colors, and navigation
the calculators can be run from either a single page or from multiple pages and your customer never leaves your site
tracking reports give you the tools to maximize the effectiveness of each calculator


customizable

create the right look for your website

easily control the fonts, color, navigation, and layout
add links and promotions to calculators to highlight your specific products and services
add different calculators throughout your website to support a desired theme









“i’ve had tcalc on my site for over four years now. your calculators are a great value. they are extremely useful and easy for my customers to use.”
— s. koen - bank


“i think they are great.  we promote them on our newsletter.  we want people to come back to our site not just during tax season but all year round.  we want to be a resource to them.  they are valuable.”
— d. gray, cpa firm


"we use your calculators and always found them to be easy and accurate. we think they are great."
— a. rives, credit union 






check out the 45 calculators for all of your personal financing needs
click on a question to see the calculator in action


home
personal
investment
retirement
lease


home financing calculators


should i refinance?
how much will my fixed rate mortgage payment be?
how much will my adjustable rate mortgage payments be?
how much will my payments be for a balloon mortgage?
should i rent or buy?
which mortgage is better for me?
how much will i save by increasing my mortgage payment?
how much mortgage might i qualify for?
how much home can i afford?
should i consolidate my loans?


personal financing calculators


how much car can i afford?
how long will it take to pay off my credit card?
how much do i need to save for college?
how much will i need to save for a major purchase?
how much can i afford to borrow?
what is my loan rate?
how long will it take to pay off my loan?
how much will my loan payments be?
should i consolidate my loans?
is an auto loan or home equity loan best for purchasing a car?
how soon can i eliminate my debts?


investment calculators


what is the yield on my portfolio?
how can i save a million dollars?
what is my investment yield?
what is my future value worth today?
what will my investment be worth in the future?
how much could i save over time?
what rate would i need to earn on my savings?
what savings amount should i start with?
how much should i save each month?


retirement calculators


which is better for me, a traditional ira or a roth ira?
how much will my traditional ira be worth at retirement?
how much will my roth ira be worth at retirement?
how long will my retirement savings last?
what rate do i need to support my retirement?
how much do i need to fund my retirement?
how much can i spend each month in retirement?


lease calculators


how much can i afford to lease?
what will my lease residual be?
how much will my lease payments be?
what is my lease rate?
how much equipment can i afford to lease?
what will my equipment lease residual be?
how much will my equipment lease payments be?
what is my equipment lease rate?





calculator disclaimer


the information provided by these calculators is intended for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to purport actual user-defined parameters. the default figures shown are hypothetical and may not be applicable to your individual situation. be sure to consult a financial professional prior to relying on the results.








consumers rank online calculators as the most helpful website content for their decision making process on personal financing.
—forrester research study 








how it works



instant download

integrate tcalc calculators on your website in minutes with your prepackaged download.




easy installation

simply copy and paste the javascript quickly and easily into your existing website. no programming required.




customizable

you control the fonts, colors, and navigation to create the right look and feel for your website.






watch a short video on the capabilities of tcalc financial calculators




tcalc overview













  download tcalc pdf brochure




pricing

tcalc annual subscription


mortgage bundle (10 calculators)  $ 350*
financial bundle (15 calculators)  $ 525*
all except lease suite (37 calculators)  $ 999*
all calculators (45 calculators)  $ 1,170*

choose your own tcalc calculator package
1 calculator $ 50/ each*
2-10 calculators $ 45/ each*
11-45 calculators  $ 40/ each*


* one time setup fee
1-5 calculators $ 49
6-10 calculators $ 99
> 10 calculators  $ 149

(tcalc is an annual subscription and includes unlimited support for one year. the subscription renewal is billed one year after purchase at the annual license pricing.)


all timevalue software products come with a one year money-back guarantee, so your purchase is risk free.


buy now





tcalc is available with canadian amortization 
for more information please call 800-426-4741 (within usa) or 949-727-1800 monday-friday, 7am-5pm pacific time, or click here to have one of our customer service representatives contact you.




need more detailed calculations? consider tvalue amortization software.
discover





frequently asked questions

how long does it take to have tcalc financial calculators up and running on my website?
integrating tcalc calculators on any website traditionally takes no more than 30 minutes to be up and running.

what is the difference between tcalc financial calculators and tvalue amortization software?
tcalc financial calculators are predetermined financial templates that reside on a website (typically used by visitors to a website) and are designed to answer questions individuals have regarding everyday personal financial issues. these popular financial calculators deal with personal financing, home financing, retirement, and investment planning calculations and are for web application use only.
tvalue amortization software is a professional financial tool for accurately amortizing loans, structuring and pricing leases, and doing any time value of money calculation. we have both the tvalue 6 desktop version and the tvalue online version. we also have the tvalue engine sdk which is offered as a software development kit (sdk) for software developers/programmers.

is there a contract when i purchase tcalc calculators?
no, there are no contracts. we offer a one year, money back guarantee with all of our products so your purchase is risk free. tcalc is an annual subscription. after the first year, timevalue software bills you annually (in advance) for the next year and you can renew to continue usage or cancel. it is that easy. 

i like one of the bundles but i want to substitute two calculators, do i still get the bundle price?
the bundle pricing is for a predetermined, prepackaged set of calculators. if you want particular calculators that are not part of one of the bundles, you can pick and choose your own calculators using our “choose your own” option.



click for more faqs












buy now





products you may also like





 the next generation of our desktop edition 
discover





 cloud-based edition for all web-enabled devices
discover





 software development kit (sdk) or rest api
discover




 







22 mauchly, irvine, california 92618
phone: 800-426-4741 (within usa) or 949-727-1800
fax: 949-727-3268

email: info@timevalue.com
support hours: monday-friday, 7am-5pm pacific time


follow us on:







pay invoice
downloads
product registration
license policy
money back guarantee
 

applicable federal rates (afrs)
faqs
training videos
webinars
blog
what's new
tvalue glossary
 

about us
privacy statement
terms of use
 





all content © 2025 timevalue software
back to top



 



