

























home | clerk of the circuit court of cook county

















































  skip to main content










upcoming events

view eventsenior valentine's brunchfri, feb 14 2025, 12:30
 - 3:30pm
we are joining senator aquino, representative delgado, representative jimenez, and alderperson fuentes for a valentine's senior celebration! attendees will have the opportunity to learn more about the resources our office provides, participate in a raffle, enjoy brunch, and more! registration is required to attend this event.
view eventillinois tech spring 2025 on-campus career fairwed, feb 19 2025, 10:30am
 - 4:30pm
are you an illinois tech student looking for employment opportunities after graduation? join the clerk's office at the on-campus career fair on the 19th to learn more about employment at the clerk's office and gather valuable court resources.
view eventwoodson regional library resource fairwed, feb 19 2025, 12
 - 2pm
we're heading to woodson regional library for a resource fair! come out to learn more about case lookup, paying fines & fees online, efiling, and gather important resources to help navigate cook county's justice system.





























effective january 1, 2025

effective january 1, 2025, public act 103-671 and senate bill 0688 requires the clerk of the circuit court of cook county to collect and remit to the cook county sheriff’s office five dollars ($5.00) for each party at the time of civil filings where private process service is utilized for any summons or alias summons. for cases that utilize the sheriff’s office for service of process, the sheriff’s office will deduct the five dollars ($5.00) from the total cost of service charged for each party at the time the service of summons is paid for and issued for service.

×





















          clerk of the circuit court of cook county
        















need language services?








main navigation

☰




general


biography


legal notices


employment


archives


feedback


official court holidays and calendars


inspector general 


director of compliance


human resources and shakman documents




divisions


chancery division


civil appeals division


civil division


county division


criminal department


criminal division


domestic violence division


juvenile justice and child protection division


law division


domestic relations division


probate division


traffic division


suburban districts




court services


general information


ccc portal case look up 


on-line case information


illinois supreme court forms 


circuit court zoom information 


e-plea/e-pay for court diversion


cook county circuit court forms 


on-line payment for court fines and fees 


e-file illinois


e-appeals filings 




self help


resources


brochures


pro se/ self-represented litigant center


emergency orders of protection 


direct dial to court 




media


news


press contact 


events




contact us


customer service call center


divisions and locations


have a comment 


contact us
























   cook county's front door to the justice system    read more about the honorable clerk mariyana t. spyropoulos      
   top services          case lookup  public online case information for general status of historic and active court cases        customer service survey  tell us what you think & help the clerk's office improve service       pay tickets & fines  information to pay court fines and fees, including traffic court diversion and traffic safety school       e-file illinois  information on electronic filing (efile) service providers and to begin the efile process         cc portal case lookup  access for justice partners and attorneys to case management information           divisions  view the divisions and districts within the circuit court                call center  access information about our call center and contact number           forms  access current forms for use with the circuit court of cook county           







  



upcoming events

view eventsenior valentine's brunchfri, feb 14 2025, 12:30
 - 3:30pm
we are joining senator aquino, representative delgado, representative jimenez, and alderperson fuentes for a valentine's senior celebration! attendees will have the opportunity to learn more about the resources our office provides, participate in a raffle, enjoy brunch, and more! registration is required to attend this event.
view eventillinois tech spring 2025 on-campus career fairwed, feb 19 2025, 10:30am
 - 4:30pm
are you an illinois tech student looking for employment opportunities after graduation? join the clerk's office at the on-campus career fair on the 19th to learn more about employment at the clerk's office and gather valuable court resources.
view eventwoodson regional library resource fairwed, feb 19 2025, 12
 - 2pm
we're heading to woodson regional library for a resource fair! come out to learn more about case lookup, paying fines & fees online, efiling, and gather important resources to help navigate cook county's justice system.






 view all events here 
 mission statementthe office of the clerk of the circuit court of cook county strives to serve the public with excellence. our goal is to provide efficient, transparent, and technologically advanced court services to all participants in the judicial system, ensuring equal access to justice for all. our dedicated workforce reflects the diversity of our communities and is committed to delivering exceptional service and upholding the integrity of the judicial process. 
















chat live with a clerk
have questions? our real-time chat function connects you directly with our team. we're here to help during our office hours: monday - friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.



live chat























footer


privacy policy


terms and conditions








facebook





instagram





twitter





youtube





linkedin








 © copyright 2025, clerk of the circuit court of cook county.







 



mariyana t. spyropoulos
office of the clerk of the circuit court of cook county
50 w. washington, suite 1001
chicago, illinois 60602-1305
(312) 603-5030



















