




lbfe national – relieving social isolation and loneliness



































skip to content
















isolation & loneliness
mission
impact
programs
network
contact
 

 

isolation & loneliness
mission
impact
programs
network
contact
 





 












relievingsocial isolationand loneliness 

little brothers – friends of the elderly, lbfe, a non-profit organization, has been working to end loneliness and social isolation among older people in the united states for more than 60 years. 





mission







 
the lbfe network










 









social isolation & loneliness 

social isolation and loneliness harm the mental and physical, as well as social and economic, wellbeing of older adults and are  major public health threats for our communities and country. 






definitionsfactscausesrisks


loneliness and isolation are different but related:loneliness is the distressing feeling of not having close friendships or people you can count on for meaningful interaction.isolation is a lack of social contacts and few people to interact with regularly or meaningfully.you can live alone and not feel lonely or socially isolated, and you can feel lonely while being with other people.the number of people aged  65 and older in the united states grew rapidly over the 20th century, from 3.1 million in 1900 to 35 million in 2000.the census bureau projects that older people will outnumber children under age 18 for the first time in u.s. history by 2034.as baby boomers age, and the older adult population lives longer, the number of older adults suffering from loneliness and isolation is increasing.older adults are at a high risk for social isolation and lonelinessthis is in part due to changes in health that can come with growing older, like hearing, vision or memory loss, disability and trouble getting around. aging can bring change to social, living, financial and work situations, as well, with the loss or physical distance of family and friends, moving from one’s own home or apartment, or retirement.older adults are also at a high risk of loneliness and isolation because we’ve designed our communities – from housing and transportation to health and entertainment – primarily for children and adults – not seniors.increased risk of early deathisolation significantly increases a person’s risk of premature death. it is a mortality risk that may rival those of smoking, obesity and physical inactivity.increased risk of dementiasocial isolation is associated with about a 50% increased risk of dementiahigher rates of depressionloneliness is associated with higher rates of depression, anxiety and suicidehigher rates of hospitalizationloneliness is associated with an increased risk of hospitalization and emergency room visits 










lbfe’s missionlbfe is a national network of nonprofit, volunteer-based organizations committed to relieving isolation and loneliness among elders.we offer to people of goodwill the opportunity to join elders in friendship and celebration of life.we invite people of all ages and backgrounds to combat loneliness and isolation among older adults. 




 
learn more







 










lbfe’s impactlbfe’s volunteers and staff change the lives of thousands of older people every year. scientific studies show that reducing isolation and loneliness has a direct impact on the health of older people, reducing stress and lowering blood pressure.through friendship, we not only improve the physical and mental health of the elders we serve, but we also bring countless moments of joy and the feeling of being valued and appreciated. 


lbfe programslbfe has regional headquarters in boston, cincinnati, chicago, new york, san francisco and upper michigan all have the same core programs and are committed to establishing authentic and lasting friendships with isolated and/or lonely older people in their communities.in addition to the core programs, all of the regions develop programs to meet the specific needs of their communities and geographic locations. 



our network










one-on-one visits 

through lbfe’s visiting volunteer program, isolated elders enjoy the support, empathy and friendship of dedicated volunteers. often building long-term friendships these volunteers can become like family members celebrating special occasions and enjoying life’s simple pleasures together.



special occasion celebrations 

holidays and birthdays are often the hardest time of year for isolated and lonely older adults. lbfe provides visits and in-person gatherings on many occasions year-round, with special celebrations on birthdays, thanksgiving day, july 4th, valentine’s day, and other significant days.



outings and social gatherings 

older adults, like anyone, enjoy a variety of activities and adventures. activities with friends like a picnic in the park, trip to the store, a walk around the neighborhood, or coffee and conversation, can lift spirits for days to come.



intergenerational engagement 

dialogue between generations benefits both younger and older people. lbfe’s intergenerational activities not only promote friendships across generations but also build a more inclusive society for people of all ages.



tech connect 

today’s generation of older adults having grown up and oftentimes having had their whole careers prior to the technology era have less comfort and experience with today’s technology. one of the ways lbfe’s programs aim to reduce the feelings of loneliness and isolation is by improving digital literacy and lessening the digital divide.

 









the lbfe network 

lbfe is a growing national network with locations across the u.s. committed to relieving isolation and loneliness in older people. lbfe invites people of all ages and backgrounds to help combat this social epidemic and build a more inclusive society. 




listingmap


 






 




















						cincinnati					








 




















						new york					








 




















						upper michigan					








 




more locations








 

































































al
ak
az
ar
ca
co
ct
de
fl
ga
hi
id
il
in
ia
ks
ky
la
me
md
ma
mi
mn
ms
mo
mt
ne
nv
nh
nj
nm
ny
nc
nd
oh
ok
or
pa
ri
sc
sd
tn
tx
ut
vt
va
wa
wv
wi
wy
dc















view all locations








 


















international federation 

lbfe is part of an international federation working to relieve social isolation and loneliness in 14 countries.founded by the french charity, les petits frères des pauvres, the international federation was established to promote the work of lbfe organizations throughout the world, developingprograms and encouraging communications between countries to better serve older people. 




 
 international federation website












want to help us relieve isolation and loneliness for older adults? 





contact us













home




locations




contact





copyright ©2025 lbfe, little brothers - friends of the elderly. all rights reserved. powered by good 




    


































