

















jesus' general
































































































































































help me reach 12 on the manly scale of absolute gender

if you like the patriotic work we're doing, please consider donating a few dollars. we could use it. (if asked for my email, use "gen.jc.christian@gmail.com.")




thanks!





friday, december 12, 2014





merry christmas jose padilla (by the general's inner frenchman)



posted by
anonymous





he paused as though he expected furniture to speak. furniture tried to shrink back into the surface of the bed again, away from the boot, away from the forcibly administered lsd and the pcp, away from the waterboarding and simulated executions, back into the isolation that had destroyed jose and given birth to furniture, the isolation jose had hated but furniture now craved.
--"a reading from orwell's 'furniture'"
i've thought about jose padilla a lot since pastor general john ashcroft announced his arrest in may 2002. originally, he was accused of attempting to build and use a dirty bomb. he was never indicted under that charge. instead he was charged and convicted of conspiracy to materially aid terrorists, a very broad, catchall-type charge, the kind of charge desperate prosecutors used to get that prestigious terror notch on their swagger stick. 



between his arrest and trial, padilla was brutally tortured:

in 2002, president bush declared padilla an “enemy combatant” and ordered him to be placed in military custody. u.s. officials seized padilla from a civilian jail in new york and secretly transported him to the naval consolidated brig in charleston, s.c., where they held him for 43 months without charge. interrogators subjected padilla to torture and other egregious forms of abuse, including forcing him into stress positions for hours on end, punching him, depriving him of sleep and threatening him with further torture, “extraordinary rendition” and death.
he was also drugged with powerful hallucinogens and needed medication was denied to him.

by trial time, he was a broken man, suffering from stockholm syndrome, extreme paranoia, and ptsd. his lawyer, andrew patel, described padilla's mental state:

mr. padilla remains unsure if i and the other attorneys working on his case are actually his attorneys or another component of the government’s interrogation scheme...he is especially reluctant to discuss what happened in the brig, fearful that he will be returned there some day...during questioning [by his attorney], he often exhibits facial tics, unusual eye movements and contortions of his body. the contortions are particularly poignant since he is usually manacled and bound by a belly chain when he has meetings with counsel...i was told by members of the brig staff that mr. padilla’s temperament was so docile and inactive that his behavior was like that of "a piece of furniture."
like furniture.

currently, padilla is serving time in one of america's harshest and most violent federal prisons, the florence supermax in colorado, a place where guards beat the prisoners and prisoners disembowel each other and decorate their cells with livers and intestines.

his nightmare continues.

i won't argue that padilla is completely innocent. i don't know. i do suspect that, if anything, his crime was minor, the kind of thing white people do and then brag about on twitter without consequences.

regardless of his guilt, it was wrong to torture him. we can't fix that. nothing we can do can even come close to fixing that. but we can make his time at florence a little easier by sending money to his commissary account, and at a place as violent as florence, a little money in a commissary account can be very important.

how to send money to jose padilla's prison commissary account. 

go to western union's "send money to an inmate" page
select "federal bureau of prison" as the facility name, enter amount you want to send, and click "get started"
on next page: click "send online"
do the registration thing*
receiver info: name: enter "jose padilla;" inmates account# and last name: enter "20796424padilla" (just like that--no spaces)
enter credit card info and finish up.


*i understand registration is a hassle, and i hate it, but it's the easiest way to do it. you can also send a money order by mail. (inmate number 20796-424). or in the worst case (because i don't want to do it) you can send the money to me via paypal button at top and i'll send it on. let me know in the comments below or on twitter at @jc_christian if you do that, but, again, i prefer that you don't.



if you disagree with me for doing this or you think i'm being unamerican, a communist, all muslimy, a terrorist, etc, go fuck yourself. see, that's why i don't write anymore. i'm just too damned angry.





at
8:07 pm


0
comments
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











monday, september 02, 2013





fulfillment of "the santorum prophecy" 



posted by
anonymous










at
7:51 pm


0
comments
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











saturday, august 24, 2013





righteous bonobian christians



posted by
anonymous




i'm not really sure what swinging is, but i praise jesus that good, god-fearing men and their not-men are doing it on a new web site called "christian swingers." this couple from salt lake city sounds like a lot of fun.







they even have this status thingy that lets you to update others about your jesus-based swinging lifestyle:









at
7:48 pm


1 comments
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











wednesday, july 31, 2013





the righteous rantings of an unheartlandishly-hued patriot



posted by
anonymous




i paid a visit to the thinking housewife expecting to see charges of heresy lodged against the homosexualist-loving usurper pope who replaced our revered pöpenfüherer. instead, i found an unheartlandisly-hued, paragraph-fearing patriot righteously ranting about his own inferiority:

with the black race, regarding important matters that form functioning societies, the issue cannot be reduced to terms such as “less functioning” and “less capable.”  rather, blacks as a group are largely incapable of the markers of normal civilization and healthy societies, as exemplified by the likes of haiti, detroit, east st. louis, south-side chicago, and much of the african sub-continent (unless one deems wretched villages and slums teeming with bastardy, absentee fathers, polyandry, crime at peerlessly high levels, disease, and ignorance as functioning).  in other words, the black race does not seem to fall within a clear behavioral continuum with the rest of humanity, but inhabit its own unique area that has little overlap with those of other races.  for instance, does any other place on earth, during peacetimes, fall to such ruination and seeming hopelessness as black-occupied lands?  one might proffer the muslim world as an example.  indeed, islam has corrupted middle eastern peoples to staggering obscenities, but their problems are mostly religious.  the problems of blacks chiefly lie with themselves.
if only he had thrown in a few random caps followed by a series of exclamation marks, we'd have the makings for our first unheartlandishly-hued conservative superstar. yet, i dare say that even without those required embellishments, mr. a reader has a bright future as a minority outreach director for the gop and fox news channel's official "the problems with negroes consultant."

but then again, maybe i've fallen victim to creeping liberalism by praising this patriot. perhaps the thinking housewife's donald expresses a more proper conservative response:

i doubt that the writer is actually a negro. i am in my 60′s and grew up around colored people, and i have never heard such thoughts and feelings coming from them. no not even once. that kind of deep and critical self-reflection is so very rare among blacks that i suspect hoaxcraft.
let no one say that post-racial conservatives are afraid to have a dialog on race. 




at
9:26 pm


0
comments
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











tuesday, march 05, 2013





apologies for disappearing



posted by
anonymous





i was waiting until i felt up to writing a long, clever post before writing this, but i'm just not there, so this will have to suffice for now.


i apologize for totally disappearing without explanation, you  have brought a great deal of joy into my life and i feel like i've treated you badly by not posting or communicating.



i haven't been feeling well. i am in near constant pain throughout my body and am exhausted. my doctors are trying to figure it out, but can't pinpoint the problem, yet.



my job has been demanding as well. by the time i get home, i'm too tired and in too much pain to pay the attention i feel i need to pay to writing. and after over 15 years of being the general--at least ten of which were here on this blog--it's tough to keep the old guy fresh. too tough when i feel like this.



i'm going to take a break from posting for awhile. i don't know when or if i'll be back, but thank you all for the joy you've given me all these years. it's been wonderful.



thanks to you who've sent emails. i apologize for not reading them all. i've just been overwhelmed.








at
9:49 pm


14
comments
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











thursday, february 21, 2013





apologies



posted by
anonymous




sorry about the lack of posts. my inner frenchman is trying to assassinate me. i'll be back monday with details and an announcement.




at
8:12 pm


7
comments
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











monday, february 18, 2013





obama's gun grabbing, un tax, mexican peoplization, and depantsing plot



posted by
anonymous




the conservative majority sent us this here robocall on friday. it struck something very deep inside of me. the guy who recorded it sounds like that drunk guy at the bar who punches anyone he believes might not be showing enough enthusiasm for the seahawks. 

but it's the message that's important: "serious conservatives who aren't afraid to fight" must impeach the furrin' obamunist usurper, whose middle name is hussein, before he:

"wipes out" the second amendment
releases the terrorist supermen from gitmo
allows mexicans to be treated like real people
makes us pay taxes to the united nations
pulls down our pants and taunts us.

ok, i added that last one, myself, but mark my words. once he's taken our guns, he's going to have agents of the aclu pull down our pants so he can make fun of the size of our little soldiers.

oh, and they also reminded me that obama probably wasn't even born here.






at
12:52 am


16
comments
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)

























sponsor ad







recent commentspowered by disqus




twitter updates


twitter updates

follow me on twitter









search jg


















regular ad





passing the plate







.




subscribe















probably french









memeorandum




europe grapples over its "collective security" under pressure from trump 
(haley ott/cbs news)












daily kos




how trump is paving the way for his failing media company to thrive












eschaton




looking into this












the electronic intifada




watch: “ i wanted to show the world how it feels to go around gaza”












the gods are bored




my first weigh-in on project 2025












jonathan turley




“the threat from within”: j.d. vance delivers a historic defense of free 
speech












bartholomew's notes on religion




conspiracy groups at farmers’ protests again












whatever it is, i’m against it




today -100: february 17, 1925: o klanada












informed comment




for trumpism “free speech” means neo-nazi speech












d  r  i  f  t  g  l  a  s  s




today we remember the glory days...












the register - odds and sods




the doom-in-a-pdf dev is back – this time with linux












fair blog




counting the victims of israel’s war on gaza is low on media’s priority list












blue gal




it's the corruption, stupid












letters from a broad...




state of the me: 2024-2025 edition!!












balloon juice




jack smith brief released (mostly in full, names redacted)!












right wing watch




roger ailes












bagnewsnotes




chatting the pictures: the climate’s dark harvest












view from the little red tent




handicap betting: our tips












stopbeck.com: home of stop glenn beck effort




five nyc radio stations commit to keeping glenn beck off the air












fivethirtyeight: politics done right




cassidy hutchinson’s testimony highlights legal risks for trump












talking points memo




listen to this: the race to ban abortion












the woodshed




toronto, city of dicks












americablog




whether (and how) america can survive trumpism












the gist




today on the michelangelo signorile show on sxm progress












dammit   janet!




juxtapose!!! two wankers.












downwithtyranny!




we've moved












i am trex




インプラントで噛む力を低下させずいつまでも健康に












emptywheel




dissenter weekly: leak prosecutions against blm protesters, police 
whistleblower in illinois












firedoglake




dissenter weekly: leak prosecutions against blm protesters, police 
whistleblower in illinois












think progress




search












hullabaloo




just drifting: r.i.p. buck henry by dennis hartley












last left turn before hooterville




march of the republican zombie ants












the wall of separation




trump had a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. let’s find out what 
the religious right thinks about that.












orcinus




ah, 'civility': the right-wing version












religious right watch




project blitz












slog




our music critics' picks for this week












pharyngula




friday cephalopod: i succumb to peer pressure and will mention octopolis












dwindling in unbelief




the bible's guide to health care












feminist christian socialist




here there be spoilers












no blood for hubris




"citizens' united"? no, no, no. roger stone's 527 is a vulgar acronym but 
it's roger's acronym, not this here writer's












doxees




many employees envision this festive friday event as something more












lady liberty's lamp




the true cuck: as told by a meme












the sideshow




more often than not












umx | el machete




men in crisis: the self emasculation movement












the corner tavern




post-holiday run – conditions: misty












the accidental environmentalist




cinema verde












rising hegemon




all that needs to be shown












edie howe | probably only interesting to potential employers and friends.




thoughts out of my head and into words.












dependable renegade




greetings.












unrepentant old hippie




testing testing 123












glenn greenwald




exclusive: despite escalating government intimidation, greenwald will 
“force the issue” and visit u.s.












comment is free: glenn greenwald on security and liberty | guardian.co.uk




obama's nsa 'reforms' are little more than a pr attempt to mollify the 
public | glenn greenwald












zaius nation - some apes are more equal than others




nra ceo wayne lapierre provides his solution for american gun violence












let's make peace




about coal in the northwest












the gospel of super jesus




extremists












jackson street books




meet author crystal marcos












vichy democrats




joe lieberman's leather yarmulke, circa y2k, $200












refudiate this sarah




sarah palin’s hypocrisy is bad for your health












dispatches from the culture wars




new pro-science think tank formed












pam's house blend - front page















mike tidmus















trapped by the mormons















correntewire















roger ebert's journal















hatewatch | southern poverty law center















news hounds















adult christianity















your inner bonobo















street prophets















prometheus 6 - all respect and no restraint














lawyer stuff

this is political satire. everything posted here should be understood in that context.









jackson street books





buy stuff






the frenchmen of the northwest forests

travel deals (paid ad)
43rd state blues
blatherwatch
blog reload
choosing hope
critter news
effin' unsound 
electoral math
evergreen politics
hominid views
homestead.com
horsesass
the (liberal) girl next door 
loaded orygun
mccranium
northwest progressive institute
olyblog
olympia united against hate
on the road to 2008
peace tree farm
preemptive karma
raging liberal
red state rebels
seattle speak
some of nothing
some snobbish women
tikun olam
upper left
vichy dems
washblog
you don't have to read










awards





who am i

the general is a graduate of bear river high in tremonton, ut squirrels piss him off.

contact me.



webmaster

finally, a webmaster for conservatives! cowan site services is now the official webmaster to the general."too bad the internet tubes and cowan site services weren't around when i was alive." --ronald reaganread about what a conservative webmaster can do for you. visit the css site now.

























































simple theme. theme images by nic_taylor. powered by blogger.
























