



west wind technologies - making waves on the web





















support
weblog
articles
store
pricing
news
contact








                        welcome to rick strahl's west wind technologies site. we build and sell software and tools, provide mentoring,
             training and software consulting services. 
                    

                        on this site you can find links to our various products and services, rick's development weblog, an extensive archive of rick's white papers and articles, and a support message board to have developer discussions. 
                    

products
services








markdown monster markdown editor and weblog publisher
version 3.6 - january, 22nd, 2025

                                        markdown monster is an easy-to-use and extensible markdown editor, viewer and
                                        weblog publishing tool for windows. it supports syntax highlighted markdown editing,
                                        live html preview, inline-spellchecking, many image embedding options, an ai image generator and gentle,
                                        optional toolbar support for embedding links, images and screen captures for user-friendly
                                        intuitive editing workflow. easily publish your work as pdf or html files, or publish
                                        to any wordpress or metaweblog api compatible weblog and manage your posts from markdown monster.
                                        there are many built-in convenience features like table editing, file browser, git integration,
                                        integration with many shell operations and much more...
                                        
                                        go ahead, feed your markdown to the monster!
                                    







west wind web connection
version 8.2 - january 15th, 2025

                                        create web applications with visual foxpro and take advantage of a
                                        proven web framework using the foxpro environment you already know.
                                        develop and test your code inside of the vfp ide against live web requests.
                                        web connection provides a core web interface engine, and several high level
                                        frameworks for developing just about any kind of web application you can imagine. create
                                        server driven html with mvc style scripting development or the rich control based
                                        web control framework, or use raw code to create low level services or data driven html interfaces,
                                        on top of web connection's core framework. you can also easily build
                                        json rest services to act as a front end to rich javascript or mobile applications
                                        we provide html templates for all styles of development to make
                                        your work look good out of the box.
                                    







west wind websurge http rest client and and load tester
version 3.0 (preview) - may 20th, 2024

                                        websurge makes it quick and easy to create, test and save http requests and play them back either individually
                                        for development rest style url testing, or under load for web application load testing. you can capture all types of
                                        http content including html and asset requests, or more commonly for rest, or other types of http services.
                                        websurge's workflow is optimized to make it easy to create new requests, test them quickly and then store
                                        and share them for later playback or testing. you can be up and running load tests in a few minutes.
                                        we include an http request recorder that lets you capture http sessions quickly, and you can easily modify
                                        the captured requests if necessary. with a couple of clicks you're then ready to test either individual
                                        requests or all requests of them under load. the request viewer lets you see individual request and response
                                        traces in an easily readable and optionally result formatted display. load tests produce simple understandable
                                        stats, that make it easy to capture and compare results between runs. check out websurge and get results quickly.
                                    








                                        west wind html help builder 5.0
                                    
version 5.38 - january 24th, 2024


                                        need to build online or offline documentation? help builder is a one stop solution
                                        for creating end-user and developer documentation. create documentation for application or developer docs,
                                        faqs, snippet repositories, knowledge bases, help desk references or a personal,
                                        organized storage for notes and other content. using help builder's low friction
                                        interface to create content using the popular markdown format, with easy tools to
                                        embed images from the clipboard, files or links, easy topic crosslinking and much more.
                                        a live preview keeps your text and the rendered output synced so you can always see
                                        what your output looks like. help builder generates a professional, mobile capable
                                        web static web site, or you can produce a chm help file or pdf or word documents.
                                        for developers, help builder can import class and database documentation from
                                        .net types, sql server databases, foxpro code, web service
                                        definitions and data and com objects.
                                        documentation doesn't have to be a chore - let help builder help!
                                    








                                        west wind internet and client tools for visual foxpro
                                    
version 8.0 - june 1st, 2024

                                        west wind client tools is a suite of utility classes that provide internet functionality
                                        including smtp & full featured http web access, ftp, sftp and low level tcp/ip access
                                        to your foxpro applications. utility classes include object based data access to sql server and web data,
                                        a light-weight business object framework, a powerful .net interop helper component, json and xml serializers,
                                        several configuration management classes and a rich library of utility and api functions useful in everyday
                                        visual foxpro development.
                                    








                                        user security manager for web connection
                                    
version 1.10 - may 13th, 2020

                                        need to add a full authentication system to your web connection application?
                                        user security manager for web connection is a drop in interface to provide
                                        user authentication, profile management, account validation, password recovery,
                                        a user menu widget and an administrative user management interface.
                                        the library is a drop in wwprocess class, along with a set of page templates
                                        that can be customized to your application's ui and feature set.
                                    








                                        web service proxy generator for visual foxpro
                                    
version 1.70 - december 7th, 2020

                                        need to call soap web services with visual foxpro? this tool makes it quick and easy to
                                        call soap 1.x web services. the tool creates a foxpro proxy via a .net bridge
                                        interface to provide a reliable service interface. it automates
                                        the .net service client and foxpro proxy class generation that you can
                                        just call from foxpro with a few lines of code.
                                    








                                        west wind web monitor
                                    
version 3.60 - april 26th, 2023

                                        web monitor can help you monitor your web sites or any url for
                                        failures or changes, and notify you when the url fails or changes.
                                        get notified on failures via email, or execute a url or a local
                                        application in response to a failure. why use expensive online services,
                                        when you can run your own, easy to use solution using web monitor in-house
                                        for a fraction of the cost?

                                    








                                        west wind globalization for .net
                                    
version 2.0 - june 23rd, 2015

                                        this library provides a database driven asp.net resource provider and .net resource manager
                                        for localizing resources via a sql database. we support sql server, mysql and sqlite out of the box and others can
                                        be easily added. use either the provided web based interactive resource editor, .net code using our localization data manager class,
                                        or simply manipulate data directly in the database to enter and update resources. the web interface can import and export resources
                                        to and from resx resources, so you can easily get your existing resources into the tools, edit and then when ready to deploy export
                                        back to resx. alternately simply run with resources directly out of the database.

                                    









technical support

                                        got stuck in your project and need a helping hand to get unstuck? we can help with
                                        technical and code support for issues large and small. we specialize 
                                        in all aspects of web development and web architecture on the microsoft platform and 
                                        javscript clients. we can also help with windows and iis server issues, and of course 
                                        anything related to .net. we also still support foxpro clients using our 
                                        web connection framework and those working with and integrating with web services.                                     
                                    







mentoring and project bootstrapping

                                        sometimes you just need a hand, to get your project started or to understand how to 
                                        integrate with a particular technology. we can provide one on one mentoring and
                                        pair programming to help you grok technology more quickly, or to simply get a lift from
                                        peer reviewing the work you've already done. and if necessary we can get you
                                        started with new technology by implementing skeleton frameworks or new base projects
                                        that you can build on top of.
                                    







training

                                        have a team of developers and need to get them up to speed on the latest technology?
                                        we can provide remote or onsite training for your developers in most
                                        aspects of .net, web and client side javascript development. we also partner with 
                                        code training for additional areas
                                        that are outside of our area of expertise.
                                    







full service consulting services

                                        west wind technologies is a small shop, but if your consulting needs call for a bigger team of
                                        developers to staff your project, we are partnering with code consulting to provide full service 
                                        consulting and developer staffing services. west wind technologies has long partnered with 
                                        code consulting in publishing the popular code developer magazine, but we are also sharing
                                        development resources for projects of all sizes.

                                    







code magazine

                                        west wind technologies is a co-founder code magazine together with eps software.
                                        code magazine has delivered relevant developer content for nearly 25 years now
                                        and the print and online magazine only continues to get more popular as it is
                                        one of the last developer magazines still standing while most publishers have
                                        gone to online publishing only. code excels at advanced, in-depth developer 
                                        content with microsoft centric but not exclusive content. and you can 
                                        also frequently find frequent content from your's truly in an issue once
                                        in a while. if you're a software or computer infrastucture vendor
                                        looking for a place to advertise your products or services
                                        we can also provide you with a great resource to reach thousands of 
                                        developers every other month.
                                    









rick strahl's weblog

contact rick
what's new



                        west wind news
                    


                        web connection web log
                    


                        rick strahl on twitter
                    
latest releases

markdown monster 3.6

january 22nd, 2025


web connection 8.2

january 15th, 2025


west wind client tools 8.1


october 1st, 2024


html help builder 5.38

january 24th, 2024


west wind websurge 2.4

january 15th, 2024


west wind web monitor 3.60

april 26th, 2023


user security manager for web connection

november 15th, 2018


web service proxy generator 1.60

february 9th, 2018


westwind.globalization 2 released

june 23rd, 2015



















