


coldwell banker mountain properties | luxury real estate in the durango

























make a referral
|
agent portal










 find a home 
 find an agent  
 sell  
 global luxury

about us 
							



our locations
careers


 home valuation
contact










 welcome to 




sign in
new account 



						forgot password
					











send email again

please wait...
										








forgot your password?


sign in
please wait...
									

























sign up
please wait...
								

















submit


cancel


please wait...
								



























coldwell banker mountain properties | durango

search for a home in coldwell banker mountain properties | durango


location






min. price


$



max. price


$



min. bedrooms





min. bathrooms






									search
								














coldwell banker mountain properties: coldwell banker mountain properties | durango

our brokers are experts in luxury resort real estate, with a proven track record of representing extraordinary properties in durango. with bespoke marketing strategies and one of real estate’s most robust global networks, let our brokers help you find the perfect mountain home or help you get more when it’s time to sell.
there are over 50 mountain communities in the rocky mountain west, and one company that connects you to all of them. whether you are looking for homes in the colorado communities of steamboat springs, breckenridge, frisco, winter park, vail, durango, or crested butte; the mountains of new mexico, santa fe, taos, and angel fire; the teton valley in idaho; or jackson hole in wyoming; we can help. we have one of the largest presences in mountain resort markets, and over 200 brokers to help guide you on your real estate journey.
with the most experience and local market knowledge, no other real estate company gives you more.








find an agent

get to know our experienced brokers.
work with a local coldwell banker mountain properties agent who can help find the right real estate listing for you. our agents and brokers pride themselves in having the most up-to-date knowledge about the local real estate market, and are ready to help with your real estate search.
meet our team








learn more about durango

durango, colorado, is a lively mountain town known for its rich history, vibrant cultural scene, and abundant outdoor adventures. situated along the animas river and surrounded by the rugged san juan mountains, durango offers a perfect blend of small-town charm and modern amenities. residents enjoy top-notch dining, boutique shopping, and year-round festivals, all while having easy access to world-class hiking, biking, skiing, and rafting. with the historic durango & silverton narrow gauge railroad and the nearby mesa verde national park, there’s no shortage of unique experiences. durango’s strong community spirit, excellent schools, and quality of life make it a sought-after place to live and invest in real estate.














 communities








durango









hesperus









hermosa









bayfield









contact us










coldwell banker mountain properties | durango office



durango, colorado 81301 
									
 970-259-3333 



* name



address



 city, state, zip



phone



* email



* how can we help?

select one
area info
buying a home
buying/selling commercial property
feedback
home valuation
market statistics
relocating
renting
selling my home



 message



* choose office :



* security code






			send request
		
please wait...	
		























                  quick links
               

find a broker
global luxury
home valuation
join our team
terms of use
privacy policy
contact us







                  office locations
               


coldwell banker mountain properties | angel fire, nm
coldwell banker mountain properties | breckenridge, co
coldwell banker mountain properties | crested butte, co
coldwell banker mountain properties | durango, colorado
coldwell banker mountain properties | frisco, co
coldwell banker mountain properties | jackson hole, wy
coldwell banker mountain properties | santa fe, nm
coldwell banker mountain properties | taos, nm
coldwell banker mountain properties | teton valley, id
coldwell banker mountain properties | vail, co
coldwell banker mountain properties | winter park, co







                  contact
               


 970-393-5896
 info@cbmp.com

























©2025 coldwell banker mountain properties. all rights reserved. listing information is deemed reliable, but is not guaranteed. each office is independently owned and operated.
















