

 

















lmc | separation machinery, made in the usa







































































800.332.8232

 

















 






















									menu								




home
about

company history
principles and values
quality
safety
career opportunities


key industries

beans & pulse crops
peanuts
seed and grain
tree nuts
additional industries


links
equipment

aspirators
advent cleaners
destoners
easy dump elevators
gravity separators
hard shell crackers
high capacity air gap cleaners
peanut blanchers
peanut dryers
peanut shellers
pneumatic samplers
prehullers
shear rolls
sizing shakers
vibratory conveyors
additional equipment
product brochures


support

parts & service
research and development
system design


construction engineering
news
contact
 














our sizing shakers have proven themselves overthe years by separating peanuts, almonds, beans, and more.the lmc marc gravity separators are the latestlmc gravity series which were originally produced in 1941.by taking our proven, reliable design and upgrading its performance, lmc has created the new standard for gentle-handling elevators.































































thanks for visiting our website

we want you to know that we understand the viewpoints of the diverse industries we serve.
clients are requiring commodities such as peanuts and almonds, and even recyclable goods to be cleaned and graded more efficiently than ever. our team of engineers and representatives make it a point to research each client’s unique manufacturing and processing situation to offer custom designed recommendations and solutions.
over 80 years ago, lmc’s reputation was founded on the belief in strong business relationships and dedication to building world class machinery. as you’ll see, lmc is not just a machinery manufacturer – we know how to link different types of machinery to maximize our customers’ performance. you can rely on us as the strong process resource you need in today’s competitive environment.
although the nature of our business requires that we constantly think of new manufacturing and processing options, one lmc characteristic stays the same: our down-to-earth dedication to customer service. from some of the largest food manufacturers in the world to the local shelling plant, we are here to help.
contact us today with any questions you may have regarding equipment you currently use or equipment you need to install. you won’t believe how helpful we can be!
respectfully,
lewis m. carter, jr.











how it’s made











our history






















 





p.o. box 428donalsonville, ga 39845
1-800-332-8232
229-524-2197
229-524-2531 (fax)


 



about lmc as a leader in producing world class machinery, lmc offers solutions tailored to not only your specific industry, but also to your specific company. from gravity separation machines and destoners to vibratory conveyors, lmc produces custom-built industrial separation equipment for your unique processing requirements.
 



 news 

lmc spearheaded the design and equipment used in the pyxus agriculture malawi processing facility.


the lmc high moisture sheller


2022 lmc excited based vibratory conveyor


 



contact us











full name email

how can we help?captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









 




copyright © 2015 lewis m. carter manufacturing, llc | website by: strategy6.

 

















 




scroll


















