

the academy of saint gabriel


the academy of saint gabriel
the academy is a group of volunteers who  
research medieval names and armory.  our primary purpose is to assist
members of medieval re-enactment groups like the
society for creative anachronism to find
historically accurate medieval names and coats of arms.  to this end, we maintain the medieval names archive and medieval heraldry archive. 
between 1996 and 2009, we also wrote individual email reports on name and armory questions.  for more
information, read the academy charter.

disclaimer


we've retired from writing personal research reports.


we are not official sca heralds.   we use different (and generally
stricter) criteria than the sca when we look at names and
armory.  
even if we say that an idea isn't historical, you might still be able to
register it with the sca.  for more information, check out our
longer disclaimer.



if you submit your name or arms in the sca, you can include academy reports
in lieu of photocopies of the sources that we've cited.  send the entire
letter (including headers).  this has been
approved by the current laurel sovereign of
arms.  as a courtesy to the heralds who receive the letter, please
highlight our references to the specific form of the name that you are
submitting.  also, be aware that our opinions are not binding, and we cannot
guarantee that your name will be passed by the college of arms.
need help?

we offer a variety of services.  we're oriented primarily to answering
questions from medieval recreationists but we can answer some questions from
other people.  please note that we do not answer questions about tracing
your family arms or
finding your ancestors.  follow
the links for information on those subjects.



the medieval names archive has over 100 documents on medieval names.  the answer to your question might be right here.
the medieval heraldry archive has articles on medieval armorial practices from various parts of europe and the far east.
 past academy reports contain answers to other people's questions.  the information you need may be there.
the academy's faq for heralds provides
	information specifically for heralds looking for help for their own clients.

old report information

the academy client's guide describes the old academy report request system.


send a request to the academy 
or find other ways to get help with research.

where's my letter?

if you would like to know whether we received your letter, you can look it up
below:




to check the status of a question that you've submitted to the academy, enter
your client number or the exact e-mail address you gave us.  if you don't get
a match and you're sure that you typed your e-mail address correctly,
send us e-mail about it.




search our past work

use this form to search an archive of our past reports, or
browse through
it.  the search is pretty slow.






text to search for: 

boolean: 
and
or
  case 
insensitive
sensitive


 


we also have an advanced search tool
with more options.

joining the academy

membership in the academy is completely open to anyone who's interested in
medieval names and armory.  
if you're interested in joining, or if you
have any questions about the academy, see our
members' guide
or send mail to the
list administrator.  to date we
have about 60 members; you can look at our roster.

linking to the academy

if you'd like to link to the academy's website, please read
this suggestion.



send a question to the academy (via form)
go to the medieval names archive
 search past
academy reports
look at the frequently asked questions list for clients
    or heralds
send mail to the academy
send mail to the webmaster



this page maintained by ursula georges (ursula at yarntheory dot net).  for advice on the server, contact jim trigg (known in the sca as blaise de cormeilles),
blaise@s-gabriel.org

last updated 14 january 2018.


