






power99 - saskatchewan's hit music





















































 






















skip to content







menu



 


listen live




more 
					▼
▲




sign in







▼▲sub menu toggleon airandy cohenangie heinzesarah nick▼▲sub menu togglecontests25k giveaway - spring editioncontest rulesevents guide▼▲sub menu togglefeaturesgood newscommunity airtime awardpower line: blogs & moreget our free appmusic 




home▼▲sub menu toggleon airandy cohenangie heinzesarah nick▼▲sub menu togglecontests25k giveaway - spring editioncontest rulesevents guide▼▲sub menu togglefeaturesgood newscommunity airtime awardpower line: blogs & moreget our free appmusicsign insearch





 


scroll down

























putting a spring in your step!








start sharing the goodness!








join the conversation!








andy cohen, mornings on power 99




see feature 0see feature 1see feature 2see feature 3










contests




25k giveaway - spring edition


it's our biggest giveaway ever on power 99!
get ready for the 25k giveaway! over the next year, we're giving away $25,000 to spend on things that you want!
from now until march 28th sign




blogs & best bits







full moon madness: myth or reality?

ever noticed that life just seems... extra when there's a full moon? more drama, pets losing their minds, tech glitches,...


feb 13, 2025










valentine's day gifts: sweet gestures or overanalyzed messages?

valentine's day is just around the corner, and while you might think love is all about roses and candlelit dinners, ther...


feb 13, 2025










raiders for mental health in key matchup against tigers

raiders ready for showdown with tigers at the art hauser centre the prince albert raiders are back on home ice tonight, ...


feb 12, 2025










lost & found: the hilarious panic of misplacing something important

we've all been there-one second everything is fine, and the next, your stomach drops. that thing you need-keys, wallet, ...


feb 11, 2025










snack bowl 2025: and the winner is...

after days of intense voting, heated debates, and countless snack-filled moments, we have a champion! in a nail-biting f...


feb 10, 2025








power 99 events guide





good news







































on air now
andy
11:00 am - 4:00 pm



weather



prince albert, sk, canada
-27 °c sunny



extended forecast



last played


more






 
contact usaccessibilitycontest rulesprivacy policyterms of service 


copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.




 


 










