



venomousreptiles.org home - the shhs is venomous snake headquarters




















venomousreptiles.org home -- venomous reptiles on the net

		    

welcome anonymous   
register a nickname! or

			    login!











home 


faq


community


articles



speakout


strays


survey


reviews


my profile


resources


file library


photo album


calendar


classifieds


links


glossary


rattlesnakes


antivenom bank


site


about the shhs


website team




link search

			






























ask the experts!
















are you an expert?  
	    
	    
	    
		the following are recently posted questions...
	    
	    

re: pronunciation help 

		
		    (2)
		
		
		

re: agkistrodon  

		
		    (7)
		
		
		

re: atheris chlorechis  cage temps 

		
		    (3)
		
		
		

re: turtleskin gloves vs midwest (vet pro) gloves. 

		
		    (3)
		
		
		

re: turtleskin glove closout sale 

		
		    (4)
		
		
		






 










free classifieds
















	may 3 
    

fuhrmont snake hide boxes


	bryan
    



	oct 11 
    

venomous show list oct 17 hamburg


	wolfman
    



	oct 11 
    

hamburg non-ven show list


	wolfman
    



	sep 21 
    

wanted: male bubblegum c.atrox and b. colombiensis


	kottonmouth
    



	may 25 
    

crotalus and bitis nasicornis


	scfords
    





 










survey














should hobbyists ever free handle venomous reptiles with their hands?

[282 votes since 2015-03-02]

        
   yes, as long as they have experience with the species in question. 
   yes, but only with thick leather gloves or similar protection. 
   yes, but only if absolutely necessary, and  with the head tubed or restrained. 
   no, not at all. 






 










reptile events calendar
















first 0 upcoming events 


location


start date






 










speak out!













female timber rattlesnakes basking on a gestation site: time lapse





 










venomous news items






















turtles empire 
	
	
	    -
	     
	
    



lizards world 
	
	
	    -
	     
	
    



snake massage in indonesia 
	
	
	    -
	     
	
    



2014 reptile calendar by cold blooded vixens 
	
	
	    -
	     
	
    



women and snakes photos 
	
	
	    -
	     
	
    



why are some snakes albino ? 
	
	
	    -
	     
	
    





 










hot herp links















last 5 rated
avg. rating





reptile maniac


5.0




reptileknowhow


5.0




snakes for pets


5.0




reptile direct


5.0




reptile guide


4.0



there are 1066 total links!



 










product reviews















midwest  mini hook & pinner combined -  excellent tool 
sawyer venom extractor -  dosn't work 
proventamite -  great but over priced better alternitive 
proventamite -  best thing out there. 
bruce edelman adjustable hook -  a piece of crap! 



 










stray thoughts













			  a little fear is a good thing. it leads to caution and respect for these venomous reptiles. 


bugbee_4 




 





 













venomous community spotlight

    zoltan takacs, ph.d.



















		hungarian born, dr.zoltan takacs currently carries out venom research at columbia university in new york. his work and interests have taken zoltan to over 109 countries and every continent. his work involves extracting venom, blood, and other tissue samples from venomous snakes in the most remote and inhospitable jungles, coral reefs and deserts on the earth.
                
		


		     [add venomous community]
		     [venomous community gallery]









 










articles

















the spring egress: moments with georgia’s denning horridus








i heard the same sound again, she had 
slithered through some tunnel under the 
shelter stone and her head was now poked out 
of the opening just two feet from my crossed 
legs!





jameson's mamba captive care








jameson's mambas are extremely fast 
and agile arboreal snakes. these snakes spend 
most of their time in trees but they may 
descend to the ground to bask or in pursuit 
of prey.  leo vegas online casino canada - slots-online-canada.ca/review/leovegas-casino/ invites new and inexperienced players to take their time while learning and mastering different online casino games.





captive care and breeding of the monocle








"i have heard of 
monocles well into their 20’s that are still breeding.  the monocle cobra can 
be a hardy, long-lived snake if its requirements are met."





keeping kraits








"the most common and probably the most dangerous among all indian snakes."





captive care notes for naja nigricollis





insight on the proper maintenance of the black-necked spitting cobra from south africa.





captive care & breeding of the red pigmy





a very detailed and interesting report on the red pigmy!





i should be dead








"...minutes later i lost all sense of 
humor and began to feel a heaviness in my 
chest, metallic tasting saliva, and a tingle 
that took on such violence that i felt like i 
was laying on a cheap motel vibrating bed. 






captive care notes for d. angusticeps





a south african environmental officer shares captive care notes for green mambas.





lachesis bites in brazil: 2 cases








"if there is venom inoculation, the first 60 minutes of these accidents are always dramatic and similar to the evolution of the hypovolemic shock: severe hypotension may occur within 20 minutes..."





the black mamba








an american and south african share their point of view and experience on africa's most notorious elapid, the black mamba. you can purchase screenflow 9 - https://abcoemstore.com/product/telestream-screenflow-9/ from the mac app store at full price.





pale-headed snake





captive care info for a rarely kept australian species, suspected to be of similar toxicity to the stephen's banded snake.





captive care of the russell's viper








a herpetologist from india discusses his techniques for captive care of the most dangerous viper in his country.





ophiophagus hannah: captive care notes





one couple's experiences with the captive care of king cobras.





snakebite in sri lanka








sri lanka's leading herpetologist gives us some insight into some possible factors that lead to the high rate of snakebite in this island country.





the midget faded rattlesnake





a fascinating and rarely kept species from the western u.s.





captive care of b.asper





"by my estimation,the world's most dangerous viper to catch" ~dean ripa





keeping gaboon vipers





captive care information for africa's heavyweight vipers.





captive care of the malayan pitviper








everything you need to know to keep these smooth-scaled, egg laying cousins of the north american copperhead.





being bit by the big one





"...both fangs right on the top of my hand, and injected a large quantity of venom...."





bushmasters and the heat strike





"why my bushmasters won't strike my artificial arm, and other sundries of the heat strike." -- by dean ripa





the eastern tiger snake





"hands on" experience from down under.






 























click to join the shhs email list

copyright 2000 - 2007 venomousreptiles.org

      contact webmaster@venomousreptiles.org

      with comments or questions.

venomousreptiles.org privacy statement









