





















hawaii discount activities - unbeatable discounts























maui activitieskauai activitieskona activitiesbloginfoabout ushawaii faqscontact us(808) 661-3333




 



deluxe molokini snorkel adventurereserve your seats today!whale watch specialreserve your seats today!book online, chat, or call us now!(808) 661-3333choose an island to view activities…mauikauaikonawe are an activity broker offering the best deals on all the fun activities on oahu, maui, kauai, and the big island. we’ve been helping guests and their families make amazing island memories since 1998. please, have fun looking around our site.
book online, or talk with one of our activity specialists toll free at 1-888-700-3764. and once you get here, we have rental shops all over maui, kauai, and the big island for your snorkel gear, surfboards, bicycles, and more!
if you are considering a luau, volcano helicopter tour, whale watch, or snorkel excursion, we can help. how about a tour of pearl harbor, the road to hana, the na pali coast, or any of the hundreds of other great hawaii activities? we can help!
our professional agents have years of experience, and they are ready to help you plan your hawaii vacation. you can find great information and discount prices here.
booking with hawaii discount activities will help you to…relax: take your time deciding what you and your family want to do on your vacation while you are still at home. read the activity descriptions, imagine yourselves here, and call one of our activity specialists any time for more info.
make the best choices: describe the type of experience you are looking for, and let our expert activity specialists tell you what’s on the island menu. these guys and gals also have the inside scoop on all the best restaurants and coolest local happenings, too!
save time: select and pay for your activities before you board the plane. you will spend your time in the islands simply being with your family and enjoying your vacation.
save money: hawaii discount activities is so named for one great reason; we save you money on the same activities sold by the resorts. plus, using your credit cards ahead of time frees up credit to use while you are here.
get exactly what you want many popular island activities sell out months in advance. make sure you can do the things you want to by securing your spots now.
we look forward to serving you here in the islands! if you have questions of any kind, please give us a call toll free at 1-888-700-3764. our friendly representatives will be right on the line to help with any of your needs.

aloha!
tweetsharesharepinredditwhatsapp




maui activitiesmolokini snorkel toursluausdinner cruiseshelicopter tourszipline tourskauai activitiesluaushelicopter tourszipline toursatv tourssnorkel cruises napalikona activitiesluaushelicopter rideszipline tourssnorkeling tourssubmarine tourslatest articlestop 10 maui snorkeling tourswhich hawaiian island should you visit?where to find the whales on each hawaiian islandkid-friendly activities that everyone can enjoyhow to have an authentic hawaiian vacationboss frog's reviewscontact us
(808) 661-3333
email
infocookies policyprivacy policymaui activitieskauai activitieskona activitiesabouthawaii faqblogcopyright © 2006 - 2025 · boss frog's vacation network. all rights reservedwebsite design & development 
by pxlpod web strategy

(808) 856-4274maui activitieskauai activitieskona activitiesbloginfoabout ushawaii faqscontact us
 
 












