










hotel newport or | best western plus agate beach






































skip to main content
skip to footer
web accessibility





(541) 265-9411
contact & directions











arrival




departure






book now







accommodations

specials
accessibility features
guest room amenities
pool & hotel services
pooch policy
bike friendly hotel



sea glass bistro & lounge





meetings & events

meeting rooms
banquet events
group blocks
testimonials


gift cards & add-ons

gallery

accommodations
hotel services
dining
hotel views


contact us
transportation

attractions

calendar




book now







						save 7% over all online sites as a rewards member! choose the "rewards member flexible rate"
					








welcome to agate beach inn
tour our rooms
our unique story








best western plus agate beach inn
just outside the best western plus agate beach inn, guests will find themselves in a secluded seaside haven, surrounded by breathtaking beach views.
located in newport, oregon, the best western plus ocean view hotel is perfect for every occasion. whether your trip to the oregon coast is a relaxing retreat away from the hustle and bustle of the city, a reunion with friends, or a family adventure, it's the perfect place to experience the peaceful and serene surroundings of the ocean while enjoying many hotel services and amenities including fully renovated guest rooms, amazing dining services, and excellent guest service.
book now

 




 accommodations
148 guest rooms in a wide range of accommodations, including ocean view or hillside. every room was freshly renovated in 2018 offering well-appointed, comfortable furnishings. we love pets and have a limited number of pet-friendly rooms available; please request a specific pet room when making your reservation if your furry family member will be joining you and check out our pet policy details here.
learn more


 amenities
the best western plus agate beach inn offers a wealth of thoughtful amenities; from an indoor pool to fitness center to outdoor fire pit, we invite you relax and enjoy all the amenities that the hotel offers to make your stay unforgettable.
 
learn more


 dining
great dining is about more than a delicious menu, it's about creating an experience that meets your dining needs. whether you are looking for casual coastal cuisine, in-room service, or a quick bite on the go, best western plus agate beach inn has your appetite covered.

learn more








local attractions & events
check out newport’s calendar of events and attractions








sea glass bistro & lounge

explore the sea glass bistro & lounge





host a group

explore special event spaces







heart of the oregon coast
ideally located on agate beach in newport, oregon, the heart of the oregon coast, the best western plus agate beach inn offers the perfect ingredients for a laid-back, quiet vacation getaway or family friendly reunion. enjoy all the comforts of home at our ocean view paradise as you relax and unwind or explore the newport area attractions such as the yaquina lighthouses, oregon coast aquarium, historic nye beach, and mariner square.







 

 

 





3019 n coast hwy (directions)





tour



































best western plus agate

3019 n coast hwy • newport, oregon 97365
book direct: (541) 265-9411 • group sales: (541) 574-2205 • email us • book now
website design copyright © 2025, l.e.t. group, inc. all rights reserved.
careers • privacy policy • site map • web accessibility





facebook
instagram
youtube

sign up for email updates


























