














lazenby & associates, specialty chemicals & instrumentation








































































specialty chemicals & instrumentation



0 items - $0.00


login / register





fort myers, fl


(239) 567-9199
mail@lazenby.net








 

home
monochloramine analyzer – model mcx
instruments

on-line (continuous monitoring) process instrumentation

support – on-line instrument sales policy, hf manuals, clx & micro tol troubleshooting & startup


lab/portable instrumentation
rental / demo / emergency equipment
ultrasonic bio film and algae control


chemicals

corrosion control products and services
polymers

water polymers
wastewater polymer


odor control
defoamers


test kits & reagents

dpd dispensers
dpd powder pop reagent
jaw – dpd reagent (just add water)
procal ntu standards (epa approved)
procheck solid ntu standards – discontinued
buffers – ph/orp
cbod nitrification inhibitor
test strips for chlorine


policies

on-line instrumentation
terms/conditions
shipping/tax exempt


shop
checkout
 
 


about us
lazenby & associates, inc. florida's choice for  water quality instrumentation and specialty chemicals for water and wastewater treatment. 

specialty chemical products include:
odor control, corrosion inhibitors, polymer, antiscalant, defoamers and more... 

instrumentation / analyzers include:
chlorine, turbidity (ntu), dissolved oxygen (do), ph/orp, & uv 254
 





instrumentation
we offer the hf scientific product line for continuous monitoring, laboratory and portable instrumentation featuring new lab and on-line ntu meters the m100+ and mtol+

we are pleased to offer the aquametrix line of sensors and analyzers for ph/orp and conductivity and the new model 2300 multi purpose analyzer!


we also provide products from other suppliers such as tintometer for laboratory applications. 
read more



free - on site instrument evaluations
interested in any of the hf scientific instruments for your treatment process?  not sure just from reading literature if this is the right product for you?  call us and we will gladly set up an on-site instrument evaluation at no cost to the utility.  

evaluation includes all appropriate reagent and accessories for the instrument under evaluation.  we would need to have access to reliable a sample stream, a power source and a drain.  also some time to show the appropriate personnel the proper use of the instrument being evaluated.  we would welcome the chance to show you the instruments in your plant, in your environment and allow you to compare them to what you have now or are considering.  


read more



polymer-corrosion treatment-algae control-polymer feed
polymer for water and wastewater
polymer feed systems
corrosion inhibitors
corrosion testing equipment
ultrasonic algae/biofilm control

in addition to instrumentation lazenby & associates, inc. also offers specialty chemicals such as polymers for water and wastewater, corrosion inhibitors, lime scale treatment and more.  we also have an excellent source for polymer feed systems and equipment for ultrasonic algae and biofilm control in treatment plants, ponds, lakes and more.  



read more









contact us
 




search for:

search


 



 
 



pay invoice 

 



copyright 2016 lazenby & associates, inc.
 simpleo theme powered by wordpress
















