


book reviews, bestselling books & publishing business news | publishers weekly















 




































self-pub 
jobzone


 |
		
login


logout


		 | 



subscribe: 




log in


logout
















advertisement








how authors are reclaiming indigenous histories
				new works of memoir, journalism, and fiction speak from experience.  more...






stephen graham jones knows good stories don’t happen in heaven
					when it came to writing his first vampire novel, the bestselling author knew he’d have to do things his own way, reimagining the fabled bloodsucker as an indigenous vigilante. more...




this week’s bestsellers: february 17, 2025
					ali hazelwood tops our trade paperback list with ‘deep end,’ a kinky, character-driven new adult romance. plus tj klune reintroduces fans to ‘the bones beneath my skin,’ and rick steves and the points guy hit the road (but not together). more...




book deals: week of february 17, 2025
					a big-name picture book adaptation of the grimm fairy tale “hansel and gretel” goes to harpercollins, margaret atwood brings a memoir to doubleday, sourcebooks picks up the memoir of the daughter of gisele pelicot, and more in this week’s book deals. more...











check out the new pw jobzone!


			new features include:
			
 enhanced listings
				 job alert emails
				 resume hosting
				 streamlined user interface
			
			plus the same focused job opportunities you've come to expect from pw jobzone


















latest jobs
national accounts manager, digital and online sales - harvard university - cambridge, maassistant production manager, artisan - hachette book group - new york, nyacquisitions editor - cognella, inc.associate publicist - publishing - church pension group - new york, nymarketing manager - candlewick press, holiday house & peachtree - somerville, mapublicist - scholastic inc. - new york, ny
for more about these and other great jobs, visit the new pw jobzone, now with resume hosting and more!
	








latest news


 



how ‘big chief’ by jon hickey got made


book deals: week of february 17, 2025


six publishers form the stable book group


this week’s bestsellers: february 17, 2025


hachette book group shines for lagardère in 2024




view all »













children's


 

 

‘hansel and gretel’ due this fall from stephen king and maurice sendak
 more...




five new picture books share indigenous stories


tundra books readies an indigenous children’s imprint


audiofile’s audiobook club plays ‘rez ball’ 


four questions for christian cooper




view all »





reviews


 

 

'great big beautiful life' by emily henry
				our featured review. 




flesh by david szalay
			

julie chan is dead by liann zhang
			

the book that held her heart by mark lawrence
			

disco witches of fire island by blair fell
			

life drawing by jaime hernandez
			

first rain in paradise by gwyneth lewis
			

lost at sea: poverty and paradise collide at the edge of america by joe kloc
			

bitter & sweet: global flavors from an iranian-american kitchen by omid roustaei, lauren ko
			

next to me by daniel salmieri, daniel salmieri, sophia haas, sophia haas
			



view all »












 
this week's print issue of 'pw'

 
pw's podcasts

 
pw best books 2024




get the timely industry information you need delivered to your inbox. sign up now!


				pw daily
				• tip sheet
				• children's bookshelf
				• the fanatic
			

				pw preview for librarians
				• religion bookline
				• global rights report
				• booklife report
			























bookselling


 

 

wi2025: indie booksellers to gather in denver for winter institute
 more...




this week’s bestsellers: february 17, 2025


books inc. begins fundraising drive for its reading bridge nonprofit


book club picks for february 2025


global book business condemns arrest of jerusalem booksellers




view all »





libraries


 

 

percival everett, kevin fedarko win 2025 carnegie medals
 more...




digital checkouts rose 17% at overdrive


percival everett, kevin fedarko win 2025 carnegie medals


louisiana supreme court revives librarian amanda jones’s defamation suit


freedom to read advocates celebrate a major legal victory in arkansas




view all »





international


 

 

global publishing markets see mixed results in 2024
 more...




new sharjah festival celebrates african literature


villa albertine celebrates french literary translation


storytel acquires 70% stake in swedish publisher bokfabriken


protests over gaza prompt the giller prize to end scotiabank sponsorship




view all »







previews


 

 

adult books for spring 2025
 more...




how authors are reclaiming indigenous histories


6 new works of historical horror


new historical fantasies reimagine the past


new historical fantasy novels about mermaids




view all »





authors


 

 

binnie kirshenbaum knows life is stranger than fiction
 more...




bad people, good people, and everyone in between: pw talks with joe dunthorne


“this man destroyed a lot of lives to get the answers he was looking for”: pw talks with alex green


a new identity for washington square press: pw talks with kate nintzel


stephen graham jones knows good stories don’t happen in heaven




view all »





pw picks


 

 

8 books that should be on your radar in 2025
 more...




writers talking writers: ben okri on christopher okigbo and katie kitamura on natalia ginzburg


barack obama's favorite books of 2024


8 books that should be on your radar in 2025


7 books from 2024 you shouldn’t overlook




view all »







freedom to read


 

 

the freedom to read issue: all our coverage
 more...




publishers, authors guild sue state of idaho over book banning law


dystopian novels see post-inauguration sales boost


industry orgs decry new doe guidance dismissing 'book ban hoax'


minneapolis concert raises funds for organizations battling book bans




view all »





booklife


 

 

a big five–published author goes indie
 more...




getting mental health representation right in ya


indie spotlight: january 2025


how cover art influences readers


first lines from booklife authors




view all »





podcasts


 



check out pw's latest podcasts on a variety of topics.
						
									






				
the skillset podcast #1: rethinking community engagement, with tamara king



pw and copyright clearance center's 'week ahead' podcast


more to come 660: meg lemke named eisner judge and more



pw kidscast: a conversation with dan gemeinhart





view all »






promote your book here »


pw select







the orchid network by pieter hendrik
					




australian poems: by the score and more by brian vickery
					




living possibility: in harmony with yourself, others and the essence of life by john wood
					




we were there, at the very first christmas by arlene max
					




a curlew cried by winifred millicent hardie
					




first-person messiah by stephen k. moore
					




do butterflies sleep? by lanet sawyer
					




la négritude by dr wacyf h ghali
					




wendy’s ocean whispers by marcus keetch
					




the business of possibility by john a. wood
					




saints! the time has come! let's tell it! by pastor leonard roy harris
					




black moon rising by julie ann walker
					




prairie cinderella by joan koster
					




the dragon codex: quest for the relics of design by david block
					




tick... tick... tick... by steve zettler
					




the witch's arcana by s. l. vela
					




a piece of my heart by katherine p. stillerman
					




the goffman course by tom hood
					




villainsac by john  warwick
					




my garden of roses: a book of poems by janice e. holliman 
					




the queen's musician by martha jean johnson
					




call of the owl woman: a novel of ancient peru by k.m. huber
					




the untended by mattea kramer
					




the magician's daughter - a memoir by katy grabel
					




wormhole destinations for sale or rent by andrew davis
					




planet meno: the origin of species by andrew davis
					




neuralnet's children by andrew davis
					




shades and shadows by ashley laster
					




vigilante priest by joe gallagher and dan bowden
					




pioneering prosperity: the morazan model for free cities by joyce brand
					




view all »









latest jobs
national accounts manager, digital and online sales - harvard university - cambridge, maassistant production manager, artisan - hachette book group - new york, nyacquisitions editor - cognella, inc.associate publicist - publishing - church pension group - new york, nymarketing manager - candlewick press, holiday house & peachtree - somerville, mapublicist - scholastic inc. - new york, ny
for more about these and other great jobs, visit the new pw jobzone, now with resume hosting and more!
	


































about us|
contact us|
submission guidelines|
faq|
subscriber services|
advertising info|
terms of use|
privacy policy|
do not sell|
calls for info|
editorial calendar|
archives|
press|

© pwxyz, llc. all rights reserved. publishers weekly and the pw logo are trademarks of pwxyz, llc.


news
obituaries
book deals
financial reporting
page to screen
bookselling
publisher news
awards & prizes
comics
business deals
shows & events
cooking
people
religion
audio books
manufacturing
marketing
pw picks
licensing
u.s. book show
 
reviews
fiction
mystery/thriller
sci-fi/fantasy/horror
romance/erotica
comics
poetry
inspirational fiction
nonfiction
lifestyle
religion
children's
web exclusive
booklife


bestsellers
children's frontlist fiction
children's picture books
hardcover frontlist fiction
hardcover frontlist nonfiction
top 10 overall
trade paper frontlist


children's
authors
book news
industry news

authors
profiles
interviews
why i write
booklife

previews
adult previews
children's previews
religion listings
on-sale calendar
galley talk

digital
devices
copyright
retailing
conferences
content / e-books
apps
digital marketplacethe roundup

international
deals
news
trade shows
frankfurt book fair
london book fair
sharjah book fair
china showcase
translation database
job zonejob moves
find usfacebooktwitterinstagramlinkedin pwlinkedin pw religion & spiritualitylinkedin pw school librarian


ai










x


			stay ahead with
			tip sheet!


free newsletter: the hottest new books, features and more
			
















x


x



loading...






		email address
password
log in
forgot password




premium online access is only available to pw subscribers. if you have an active subscription and need to set up or change your password, please click here.

new to pw? to set up immediate access, click here.

note: if you had a previous pw subscription, click here to reactivate your immediate access. pw site license members have access to pw’s subscriber-only website content. if working at an office location and you are not "logged in", simply close and relaunch your preferred browser. for off-site access, click here. to find out more about pw’s site license subscription options, please email mike popalardo at: mike@nextstepsmarketing.com.
	

thank you for visiting publishers weekly. there are 3 possible reasons you were unable to login and get access our premium online pages.
you are not a current subscriber to publishers weekly magazine.to get immediate access to all of our premium digital content try a monthly subscription for as little as $15 per month. you may cancel at any time with no questions asked. click here for details about publishers weekly’s monthly subscription plans.
you are a subscriber but you have not yet set up your account for premium online access.
contact customer service (see details below) to add your preferred email address and password to your account.
you forgot your password and you need to retrieve it.click here to retrieve reset your password.
your company has a site license, use our easy login.enter your work email address in the site license portal.
customer service

if you have questions, contact:

email: publishersweekly@omeda.com

call:1-800 -278-2991 (outside us/canada, call +1-847-513-6135) 8:00 am - 4:30 pm, monday-friday (central)
	

		to subscribe: click here.
	



























