


















	home inspections & commercial property inspections | national property inspections



































































login








home
inspection services
home inspections
commercial inspections
specialty services


resource center
faq
franchising
about
blog





search button


button
















home






home








america's premier
inspection service 
with over 35 years in commercial and home inspection,
npi has you covered.

enter zip code 
find an inspector



america's premier
inspection service
with over 35 years in commercial and home inspection,
npi has you covered.

find an inspector











 
why choose npi


 




since 1987, national property inspections has been the premier provider of home inspections and commercial property inspections throughout north america. npi inspectors evaluate thousands of homes and commercial properties each year, utilizing industry-leading training and technology to give you an unbiased look at the condition of any home or commercial building.
our ever-growing list of satisfied clients includes homebuyers and sellers, commercial property investors, employee relocation companies and more. find your local inspector today and discover why npi is the first name in home inspection.




 




				residential

				commercial

				additional services





 
what we offer
 
						 

						whether you’re buying, selling or building your home, national property inspections offers comprehensive home inspection services that help you make informed decisions regarding your investment.






explore buyer's inspections




explore pre-listing inspections




explore more home inspections
 









 
what we offer
 
						 

						npi’s commercial inspections can provide a thorough and accurate assessment of your property. with our diverse skill set and comprehensive training, our inspectors can help you identify the good and the bad.






explore apartment & multi-unit inspections




explore commercial draw
											inspections



 
explore more commercial
											inspections










 
what we offer
 
						 

						both npi’s home and commercial inspections give our clients the option to choose from many additional services. from radon to infrared inspections, we’ll put your mind at ease knowing your property is safe.






explore radon inspections




explore mold inspections




explore more add-on services










 











 

trust npi's experienced inspectors

npi home inspectors assess thousands of homes and other properties each year
every npi inspector undergoes industry-leading training with national support
npi inspectors are fully insured and professionally certified according to state and provincial standards
our home inspection reports are comprehensive and unbiased, helping you make the best decision about your investment

learn more

 

 


trust npi's experienced inspectors
 

npi home inspectors assess thousands of homes and other properties each year
every npi inspector undergoes industry-leading training with national support
npi inspectors are fully insured and professionally certified according to state and provincial standards
our home inspection reports are comprehensive and unbiased, helping you make the best decision about your investment

 
learn more







recent articles

explore recent articles from npi, inc.!






 
read more articles here


 


























































































































































































national property inspections, inc., founded in 1987, is one of the oldest companies in the inspection industry. our reputation is built on honesty, integrity and professionalism. national property inspections operates as global property inspections in canada.
our history









useful links

find your inspector
home inspection services
commercial inspection services
resources
about npi
privacy policy











about us

corporate headquarters:
	9375 burt st., suite 201
	omaha, nebraska
800-333-9807
www.npiweb.com
find us on social media!



facebook
googleplus
linkedin
instagram
twitter
youtube





































©
copyright 2018-2025 by national property inspections, inc
terms of use
privacy statement

















