 axiom veterinary laboratories – the quality clinical pathology service 
 order consumables      email usadmin@axiomvetlab.co.uk  call us(01626) 355655   homeabout ussustainabilitylab servicesbiochemistrycytologyendocrinologyhaematologyhistopathologyimmunologymicrobiologymolecularresults interpretationdownloadsfact sheetsfarm animal fact sheetssmall animal fact sheetsequine fact sheetssubmission formssmall animal submission formsfarm animal submission formsequine submission formscase studies & resourcesequinefarmfaqsnewscareerscontactimportant information – rabies testing – temporary change of supplier turnaround times during this period may be extended – please contact the laboratory for further information.





homeabout ussustainabilitylab servicesbiochemistrycytologyendocrinologyhaematologyhistopathologyimmunologymicrobiologymolecularresults interpretationdownloadsfact sheetsfarm animal fact sheetssmall animal fact sheetsequine fact sheetssubmission formssmall animal submission formsfarm animal submission formsequine submission formscase studies & resourcesequinefarmfaqsnewscareerscontact


admin@axiomvetlab.co.uk                


01626 355655                




order consumables                    


 welcome to axiom veterinary laboratories the quality clinical pathology service axiom veterinary laboratories offers a broad range of diagnostic services to practices within the uk, ireland and europe.  read more 
laboratory servicesour laboratory provides an extensive range of accurate and prompt diagnostic laboratory services to all types of veterinary practice.disciplines include:biochemistryhaematologyendocrinologyimmunologymolecularmicrobiologyallergy serologydermatological testingcytologyhistopathology we have a comprehensive range of tests available for all species: domestic, farm and exotic with the ability to tailor specific profiles to meet a practice’s needs.

01

farm animal diagnostics

our dedicated farm animal diagnostics service offers a comprehensive ‘one stop shop’ for all your farm animal diagnostics needs. we take pride in providing the highest quality advice, testing and results for you and your clients.

01

equine services

our collaboration with bell equine enables us to offer bespoke solutions for your external testing requirements. we provide an integrated service designed to provide you and your clients with the highest level of clinical quality and service.


innovative
lab solutions                         


more lab
services                          download our farm animal price guide    download our small animal price guide    download our equine price guide  
what we offer
our laboratory servicesaxiom pathologists offers a broad range of diagnostic services and additional support services ....
 

biochemistrybiochemistry focuses on the analysis of bodily fluids (e.g. blood, urine, body…  find out more
 

cytologycytology refers to the microscopic examination of cells from animal tissues or…  find out more
 

endocrinologyendocrinology is the speciality that deals with the organs and cells that…  find out more
 

haematologyour haematology laboratory employs advanced technology and is staffed by experienced and…  find out more
 

histopathologyour histopathology and histology teams are based at our sister laboratory, finn…  find out more
 

immunologywelcome to axiom's immunology department, where our dedicated team of staff passionately…  find out more
 

microbiologyat axiom we provide high quality bacteriology and parasitology services to the…  find out more
 

molecularhere at axiom, we perform a variety of animal pathogen pcr testing,…  find out more
 

results interpretationveterinary clinical interpretation can be provided by our friendly team of medicine…  find out more
keep up to date
our latest news  latest news january 22, 2025farm january newsletter 2025 posted by sam weaver  latest news january 7, 2025farm december newsletter 2024 posted by matt mullins

testimonials jordan mumford royston veterinary centre from the beginning our axiom pathologists’ business development manager has been incredibly helpful. the histology turnaround times have been very quick and it is really good to be able to speak to someone knowledgeable without having to wait on hold for ages. we’ve received some detailed specialist advice on dermatology cases which has helped greatly.april young weeley veterinary centre we started using axiom as a newly opened practice, it has been great to see our practice grow and we are glad to be using axiom for more and more of their wide ranging services. we’re really pleased to always be able to get hold of somebody quickly on the phone, and the receptionists are very friendly and helpful.estelle jenner wangford veterinary centre the entire service is smooth, from our overnight courier collection right through to receiving results directly into our practice management system. we really needed a veterinary diagnostic laboratory who we could contact easily and one who would stick to their stated turnarounds, and axiom have not disappointed. the pathologists are fantastic, going above and beyond with their case help.mariana alvarez vets on the meowve we are using milab diagnostics in house analysers which enables us to get same day results to clients. for almost everything which we cannot run in house, we use axiom. the service from milab and axiom has been excellent, ensuring we can get results to our clients as quickly as possible.join our mailing listfor receiving our news and updates in your inbox directly. 
leave this field empty if you're human:  need help?  get in touch get in touch location manor house, brunel road, newton abbot, devon, tq12 4pb contacts call us :  01626 355655 email us :  admin@axiomvetlab.co.ukcompanyabout uscontactlaboratory servicesnewsorder consumablesessentialscareersprivacy policyterms of usesitemap © 2024 axiom veterinary laboratories ltd. all rights reserved.    

 homeabout ussustainabilitylab servicesbiochemistrycytologyendocrinologyhaematologyhistopathologyimmunologymicrobiologymolecularresults interpretationdownloadsfact sheetsfarm animal fact sheetssmall animal fact sheetsequine fact sheetssubmission formssmall animal submission formsfarm animal submission formsequine submission formscase studies & resourcesequinefarmfaqsnewscareerscontact

 






 your name
  your email
  subject
  your message (optional)
 
 the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness no one rejects dislikes avoids pleasure itself because it is pleasure but because know who do not those how to pursue pleasures rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful desires to obtain.
read more  latest news















â© 2021 creote. all rights reserved.


             



