







home - fsa









































 


home
services
events
about us
donate





















home
services
events
about us
donate






















live fully.
we provide outpatient mental health counseling and recovery services so that you can get back to living life to the fullest.

learn more











high quality outpatient services since 1942
for more than 70 years, family service agency (fsa) has been a leading provider of mental health counseling for managing stress, anxiety and depression, family counseling, substance abuse recovery, and more.
to learn about our outpatient services in central arkansas, click below

explore our services
learn more about us






guided by our
core principles



our vision
emotional healthy families and individuals contributing to a caring community


our mission
to enhance the wellness of individuals, families, and communities by providing quality services.




our values

diversity and strengths in individual and family structures.  
partnering with others in the community to achieve our mission.
an organizational culture which respects the unique contribution of each employee and volunteer.  
accountability at the individual, organization and community levels.












drug & alcohol safety education program
dwi or dui conviction?
fsa offers a drug & alcohol safety education program (dasep), which includes pre-sentence screening reports (pssr) to all courts in pulaski, lonoke, prairie and saline counties.   these classes are required for persons who plead or are found guilty for the offense of driving while intoxicated (dwi), driving under the influence (dui), and refusal to submit.


learn more


















annual fundraiser golf tournament
mulligans for mental health
a “mulligan” in golf is a second chance to take another shot, without penalty. our annual golf tournament provides a day of fun and allows us to better provide needed second chances to clients with mental health issues and substance abuse disorders.  
this year’s event will be held on friday, november 1st at country club of arkansas in maumelle. for details and event info, click below.


learn more
















we are a not-for-profit agency that has worked since 1942 to build a stronger and more caring community. the agency focuses on this mission by working to improve the economic health of families, reducing the incidence of domestic violence, treating substance abuse, helping families and individuals resolve conflict, and helping people and employers solve work performance problems.








628 w. broadway
north little rock, ar 72114

501.372.4242




© 2025 fsa
site by z-axis creative

















