








	vicksburg district, u.s. army corps of engineers


























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
vicksburg district website










®








           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           history
        
 

           faq
        
 

           our offices
        



           public affairs office
        



           stem activities
        
 



           internal review and audit compliance office
        
 

           office of counsel
        
 

           logistics management office
        
 

           safety and occupational health office
        
 

           equal employment opportunity
        
 



           employee resources
        
 



           business with us
        



           small business
        
 

           real estate
        
 

           construction quality management (cqm) training
        
 

           contracting office
        
 

           customer guide
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           peer review plans
        
 

           levee safety program
        
 

           project partnerships
        
 



           recreation
        



           arkabutla lake
        
 

           enid lake
        
 

           grenada lake
        
 

           sardis lake
        
 

           lake greeson
        
 

           degray lake
        
 

           lake ouachita
        
 

           grand ecore visitor center
        
 

           j bennett johnston visitor center
        
 

           bayou bodcau
        
 

           caddo lake
        
 

           wallace lake
        
 

           j bennett johnston waterway
        
 

           ouachita-black river
        
 

           jesse brent lower mississippi river museum
        



           exhibits
        
 

           photo gallery
        
 

           mv mississippi iv
        
 

           visit us
        
 

           contact us
        
 



           mississippi project office
        



           wear it to win it
        
 



           louisiana field office
        
 

           arkansas project office
        
 

           wear it to win it!
        
 



           programs and project management
        



           project management
        



           mrl seis
        
 

           mississippi river levees project
        
 

           pearl river
        
 

           sw ark red river nav channel extension
        
 



           programs management
        
 

           regional planning & environment division, south
        
 

           yazoo backwater
        
 



           regulatory
        



           public notices
        
 

           permits
        



           standard permits
        
 

           nationwide permits
        



           pre-construction notification
        
 



           regional general permits
        
 



           jurisdictional determinations
        



           approved jd's
        
 



           mitigation
        
 



           emergency operations
        



           arkabutla emergency repairs
        
 



           operations division
        



           management support branch
        
 

           project resources management branch
        



           section 408
        
 



           river operations
        



           mat sinking unit
        
 





           engineering and construction division
        



           technical support branch
        



           cost engineering section
        
 

           technical data section
        
 

           technical services section
        
 



           design branch
        



           acme section
        
 

           cad/gis section
        
 

           levee and drainage section
        
 

           river stabilization section
        
 

           structures section
        
 



           hydraulics branch
        



           water control management
        
 

           dam & levee modeling section
        
 

           water quality section
        
 



           geotechnical branch
        



           analytical section
        
 

           investigation and inspection section
        
 

           geodata section
        
 



           construction services branch
        



           partnering for success
        
 

           saftey plus program
        
 

           forms
        
 







           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 

           vicksburg district offices
        
 



           careers
        



           media
        



           news releases
        
 

           videos
        
 

           images
        
 

           map/chart info
        
 



           usace library
        



           contact
        




























if you have comments and/or questions related to vicksburg district’s section 508 program or if you have concerns related to the section 508 ict accessibility of any content or the user interface on this website, please send an e-mail to vicksburgdistrict@usace.army.mil. where applicable, please include in your e-mail the web address or url and the specific accessibility barrier(s) you are encountering..










click this link for the yazoo backwater project page
 
click this link for the pearl river frm project page
 
click this link for the arkabutla lake repair project page



 























vicksburg district hosts mississippi valley division park rangers for training
the vicksburg district hosted park rangers from every district in the mississippi valley division for training and listening sessions.
more














vicksburg district extends non-breach emergency at columbia lock and dam
vicksburg, miss. – the us army corps of engineers vicksburg district has extended the non-breach emergency at the columbia lock and dam located on the ouachita river approximately seven miles upstream of columbia, la. this declaration allowed the corps to adjust water levels upstream and downstream of the lock and dam to investigate concerns while safely operating the structure for the navigation industry.
more














pearl river draft environmental impact statement (deis)
the pearl river basin, mississippi federal flood risk management project draft environmental impact study (deis) published today to the federal register. the notice of availability, deis, and its appendices may be accessed through the links below. a commander’s report will be posted to this page soon. please check back regularly for updates.
more














interim repairs continue at arkabutla dam
vicksburg, miss – the u.s. army corps of engineers vicksburg district (usace-mvk) continues to advance interim risk reduction measures (irrm) at arkabutla dam in northwest mississippi. contractor frontier services, inc., began construction and equipment mobilization in early may.   
 
currently, drill pads are being installed for piezometers, automated instruments used for monitoring groundwater pressure. relief wells, which act like valves to relieve the water pressure, allow excess water to be diverted safely, and serve to prevent sand boils, are scheduled to follow. the additional piezometers increase the usace-mvk’s monitoring ability by sending data hourly to the technical team, allowing them to analyze conditions in real time.
more














meet armor one
the revetment mission is about to get an upgrade. armor 1 is a state-of-the-art piece of machinery that will make the task of fortifying the banks of the mississippi river safer and more efficient than ever. replacing the nearly 70-year-old mat sinking unit, armor 1 will revolutionize the way that we manage the mighty mississippi.
more














the national inventory of dams (nid)
browse the federal database of dams for the continental united states.
more











the national inventory of dams (nid)
























welcome to the usace vicksburg district.






 the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) vicksburg district is engineering solutions to the nation’s toughest challenges. we encompass a 68,000-square-mile area across portions of mississippi, arkansas and louisiana that holds nine watersheds and incorporates approximately 460 miles of mainline mississippi river levees. we are engaged in hundreds of projects, and our approximately 1,100 personnel are committed to the communities we serve.




for general questions or information, call:
601-631-5000 or toll free 1-800-522-5672
 




















latest news






update: arkabutla dam emergency - lake levels expected to surpass 220 feet as spring flood season begins

                2/14/2025 
            

                arkabutla, miss. – recent storms have brought significant rainfall to the arkabutla lake area, pushing lake levels above 210 feet and prompting expectations that they will exceed 220 feet within the...
            


narrows dam at lake greeson announces schedule for trash rack repairs

                1/31/2025 updated


                vicksburg, miss. – the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) vicksburg district plans to begin work on the trash rack repairs at narrows dam at lake greeson in arkansas in mid-february...
            





usace vicksburg district announces new chief of management support branch

                1/23/2025 
            

                vicksburg, miss. – the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) vicksburg district announces the selection of laura barlow as chief of the management support branch, operations division.the mission of the...
            


corps of engineers issues record of decision for the 2024 yazoo backwater study area water management plan

                1/17/2025 
            

                vicksburg, miss. – the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) has signed a record of decision marking a significant milestone in the efforts to address flooding and environmental challenges in the...
            


usace vicksburg district extends timeline for publication of the final environmental impact statement for the pearl river basin, mississippi federal flood risk management project

                1/13/2025 
            

                vicksburg, miss. – the u.s. army corps of engineers vicksburg district announces the publication timeline of the final environmental impact statement (feis) for the pearl river basin, mississippi...
            


virtual public update scheduled for mississippi river study

                1/7/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, new orleans district has scheduled a virtual public update meeting for the lower mississippi river comprehensive management study (lmr comp) on tuesday, jan. 28, at 2...
            







view more













































 






social media












facebook


x







tweets by vicksburgusace?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw 


















essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the vicksburg district website
the official public website of the vicksburg district, u.s. army corps of engineers. 













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govplain languageopen governmentsmall businesseeo & sharp


rssinspector generalfreedom of info actisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














