heliguy™ – drone shop, caa training, uk repair centre0191 296 1024surveyrentaltrainingrepairsdronesblogeventsabout uscontactyour drone partnerelevating your business togetherour missiontransforming client potential through cutting-edge drone technologywith 17 years of experience in the drone industry, we've observed an exponential increase in the availability of diverse hardware and software solutions. keeping up with this rapid evolution is increasingly challenging when combined with regulatory compliance. to facilitate your adaptation to these changes, heliguy™ has established the necessary infrastructure to expedite your adoption. about our missionconsultancy *as standardbuild your drone programme with heliguy™ by your sideleverage our two decades of industry expertise to initiate and expand your drone enterprise. our committed account managers will collaborate with you to craft the ideal programme, guiding you from proof of concept and workflow integration to regulatory support and enduring assistance. this is made possible through a robust and focused infrastructure that encompasses seasoned sales managers, adept training team members, and specialised technical repairs and servicing divisions.our consultancy serviceheliguy™ drone training7,000+ candidates trained benefit from a progressive training pathway to grow operational capability. provision includes caa-approved courses, industry-specific training, cpd, and ofqual-regulated learning for career development. online courses and instructor-led training available. learn from a team that has taught network rail, national grid, balfour beatty vinci, and london fire brigade.drone training provisioncomplex drone missionsosc & bvlosmaster complex operations to scale your drone programme. our regulatory specialists help you prepare an osc application to expand your operational envelope and develop bvlos pathways. unleash the full potential of automated drone missions.in-house osc consultancysupported by industry leading solutionsour equipment, expertise, and support will ensure success for your undertaking previousdji flycart 30overcome traditional transport constraints with the dji flycart 30 delivery drone, featuring large payload capacity and capable of long-range operation.£19,572.00 1 items in stockdji air 3dji air 3 is a dual-camera content-creation drone. this package comes with the dji rc-n2 controller and standard accessories. £962.00 5+ items in stockdji mini 4 pro with rc-2 (fly more combo)the ultimate dji mini 4 pro combo: includes rc 2 smart controller with 5.5-inch screen, three flight batteries, charging hub, and bag. £960.65 ask usdji matrice 350 rtk (battery & charge station combo)the ultimate combo to get you going with the flagship dji m350 rtk. it features a suite of accessories, including tb65 batteries and bs65 battery station. £10,959.00 5+ items in stockdji mavic 3 enterprise droneincrease surveying efficiency with this lightweight, compact drone. it has an integrated dual payload, including a 4/3 wide camera with mechanical shutter. £3,080.00 5+ items in stockdji mavic 3 thermal dronethe dji mavic 3 thermal is a versatile drone with a triple-camera set-up. it is equipped with wide and zoom cameras and a thermal sensor.£4,839.00 5 items in stockdji mavic 3 multispectralwith its four multispectral sensors and rgb camera, the mavic 3 multispectral is a portable drone solution for precision agriculture and environmental monitoring.
£3,698.00 5+ items in stockdji dock 2 with dji matrice 3ddji dock 2 with dji matrice 3d drone is dji's first drone in a box surveying solution, meeting the needs for high-precision, automated drone mapping.£10,539.00 2 items in stockdji dock 2 with dji matrice 3tdthe dji dock 2 with matrice 3td offers a drone-in-a-box solution for security and inspection, featuring wide and zoom cameras and a thermal sensor.£12,244.00 4 items in stockdji flycart 30overcome traditional transport constraints with the dji flycart 30 delivery drone, featuring large payload capacity and capable of long-range operation.£19,572.00 1 items in stockdji air 3dji air 3 is a dual-camera content-creation drone. this package comes with the dji rc-n2 controller and standard accessories. £962.00 5+ items in stockdji mini 4 pro with rc-2 (fly more combo)the ultimate dji mini 4 pro combo: includes rc 2 smart controller with 5.5-inch screen, three flight batteries, charging hub, and bag. £960.65 ask usdji matrice 350 rtk (battery & charge station combo)the ultimate combo to get you going with the flagship dji m350 rtk. it features a suite of accessories, including tb65 batteries and bs65 battery station. £10,959.00 5+ items in stockdji mavic 3 enterprise droneincrease surveying efficiency with this lightweight, compact drone. it has an integrated dual payload, including a 4/3 wide camera with mechanical shutter. £3,080.00 5+ items in stockdji mavic 3 thermal dronethe dji mavic 3 thermal is a versatile drone with a triple-camera set-up. it is equipped with wide and zoom cameras and a thermal sensor.£4,839.00 5 items in stockdji mavic 3 multispectralwith its four multispectral sensors and rgb camera, the mavic 3 multispectral is a portable drone solution for precision agriculture and environmental monitoring.
£3,698.00 5+ items in stockdji dock 2 with dji matrice 3ddji dock 2 with dji matrice 3d drone is dji's first drone in a box surveying solution, meeting the needs for high-precision, automated drone mapping.£10,539.00 2 items in stockdji dock 2 with dji matrice 3tdthe dji dock 2 with matrice 3td offers a drone-in-a-box solution for security and inspection, featuring wide and zoom cameras and a thermal sensor.£12,244.00 4 items in stockdji flycart 30overcome traditional transport constraints with the dji flycart 30 delivery drone, featuring large payload capacity and capable of long-range operation.£19,572.00 1 items in stockdji air 3dji air 3 is a dual-camera content-creation drone. this package comes with the dji rc-n2 controller and standard accessories. £962.00 5+ items in stockdji mini 4 pro with rc-2 (fly more combo)the ultimate dji mini 4 pro combo: includes rc 2 smart controller with 5.5-inch screen, three flight batteries, charging hub, and bag. £960.65 ask us next123dji l2 drone lidar enhances workflows at everton stadium developmentdiscover how the dji zenmuse l2 improves efficiency and accuracy at everton's £550m stadium development, aiding earthwork calculations and dock monitoring while generating digital 4d models for real-time updates.read moreheliguy™ survey assistend-to-end survey supportunlock the power of drone surveying. in-house gis specialists offer end-to-end assistance, including consultancy, survey-specific training, on-site data collection, software support, and data processing. access a surveying ecosystem of drones, lidar and photogrammetry payloads, gnss equipment, and software.view survey supportdrone rentalyour drone, when you need itaccess the uk’s largest drone rental fleet for dynamic scaling and one-off jobs. deploy the latest technology, when you need it, without making a long-term hardware commitment. or, try before you buy.rental cataloguerepairs & crash supportin-house dji-accredited technicianscomprehensive crash support from the heliguy™ in-house repair centre. our full-time dji-accredited technicians have conducted 6,500+ repairs. benefit from a fast-track repair service, phone support, fault diagnosis, free warranty repairs and replacements, drone servicing, and direct access to the manufacturer.book a repairwhy you should buy from heliguy™?comprehensive, lifetime assistance to help you start and scale your operations.streamlined deliveryfree next day shipping over £99 and 50-day free returns on faulty items.trusted uk partner20 years in uavs, expertise in repairs, servicing, training, and insurance.uk supportin-country technical support line staffed by four trained technicians.loading trusted reviews...phone us:0191 296 1024email us:info@heliguy.comservicesapproved usedrepair refresh crash coverosc consultancycorporate assist programmedrone defenceremote monitoringlegalterms & conditionsanti slavery policydelivery & returnsabout usabout usour eventsour learning portalcareersindustrydrones for constructiondrones for emergency servicesdrones for surveyinginspection dronesdrones for councilsdrones for agriculturemedia & filmmaking dronesresourcesblog & case studiesdrone lawsgsd calculatortraining calculatorrepair calculatorsupport guidesknowledge basecopyright © 2025 colena ltd / heliguy™term of useprivacy policycookie policy

