


mendocino luxury inn & restaurant maccallum house

































				“everything considered ~ food, wine ~ the maccallum house gets the nod as the area's best restaurant. ”
				– wine spectator			

				“there is no better place to spend an entire evening than the maccallum house.”
				– ny times			

				“#1 rated hotel in mendocino.”
				– tripadvisor			

				“drop your bags at the maccallum house, a picture-perfect victorian home... right in the heart of mendocino village... the vibe is elegant but relaxed.”
				– shermans travel			









maccallum house restaurant & bar 
winter closure
our restaurant is currently closed for dinner service until february 14th.
 
luxury in the heart of mendocino
maccallum house is the place to stay and dine in mendocino. a historic victorian home nestled in the center of town, maccallum house is a boutique hotel and restaurant that features your choice of several luxurious accommodations and meals to remember. surrounded by lush gardens, our main property houses nineteen beautiful and unique rooms, along with our exceptional restaurant. the maccallum house restaurant is rated best on the coast, as one of  california's original farm-to-table and chef-driven dining experiences, featuring all that is local, seasonal, and fresh. from our main house to our suites, cottages and barn rooms, our property is one of the truly special places to stay in mendocino. many of these options include fireplaces, hot tubs, ocean views, and more. book your visit to our famous boutique hotel and restaurant in mendocino, california, today!
 





weddings in the air!
"that was the best wedding i've ever attended!" "best wedding food ever!" "amazing!" ... these are quotes from real wedding guests at the maccallum house. if you're thinking of a destination wedding, click 'learn more' to see the variety of full-service, eco-friendly wedding options available. 

photo: https://www.hollyshankland.com
learn more





join us for breakfast!
maccallum house restaurant is  open for breakfast daily. our breakfast hours are from mon-friday 8am-10am & weekends from 8am-11am. walk -ins are welcome.
for reservations please give us a call 707.937.0289.
learn more





new autumn  menu 2024
join us for dinner with chef alan kantor's new autumn menu! 
our restaurant will be closed during january, we'll re-open february 14th.
learn more







					1-800-609-0492
				

amenities
indulgences
packages
family
pets
blog


accommodations
main house  (1-6)
cottages  (7-13)
historic barn  (14-19)
maccallum suites  (25-33)
vacation homes

dining
menus
restaurant
wine & cocktails
chef
special events
reservations
archives

weddings
elopements
coordination
ceremony
reception
catering
eco-friendly
testimonials
inquiries
wedding guide
event guide
vendors

about
history
mendocino
gardens
maps
photo gallery
press



















book a room





adults
1
2
3
4


children
0
1
2








join our mailing list:







contact
press
directions
book a room
site credits
gallery

707.937.0289     800.609.0492     reservations@maccallumhouse.com
				45020 albion street | box 206     mendocino, california 95460

facebook
instagram
tripadvisor
rated #1 hotel in mendocino




























