









casamorada - hotels in florida keys with boat docks










































































 











casamorada |  islamorada, florida






 












 
book now







 

explore            
















edit content











 







menu




home
about

about
amenities


accommodation

garden suites
seaview suites


explore

set sail in the florida keys
pet friendly
local attractions


blue mist
offers
gallery
events

media production
weddings


contact
enthusiast hotel collection















 

 














the key to happiness is at 



casa morada 



experience the florida keys like nothing else at our resort and private island 



 









 



 






escape the everyday 











experience life at the pace it’s meant to be lived at in our own little slice of paradise; casa morada. here, we prioritize relaxation and rejuvenation over the hustle and bustle of daily life. surrounded by the tranquil waters and wildlife of the national marine sanctuary, we offer 16 beautiful suites and complimentary use of our kayaks, paddle boards, and bicycles so no matter how you choose to experience the keys, you can do it in style. elevate your experience by booking one of our boat tours, available on request.we understand that connecting to yourself is the key to enjoying life, so we also offer complimentary yoga sessions every wednesday, saturday, and sunday. find peace and rejuvenation at casa morada, where the sun will melt your stress away and the sea inspires bliss every day. 












casa morada is a 90 minute drive south from miami international airport and 90 minutes north of key west. guests of casa morada may also arrive to the hotel by boat. we are a pet-friendly hotel and welcome children 16 and older. 





                                book now                                     











 
property map











 
directions



















 




step into a world of tranquility surrounded by vibrant gardens in our garden view suites. relax amidst nature’s beauty and find solace in the peaceful ambiance. 






explore garden view suites










 




treat yourself to stunning vistas of the endless water in our seaview suites. the gentle breeze and mesmerizing blue bay create the perfect backdrop for relaxation. 






explore seaview suites

















stay & play 



experience the keys with our exclusive experiences 







 
explore












 

 

 












guest experiences 



 





















 

quiet relaxing stay in a beautiful location. this is a lovely property which is quiet and seems far away from the bustle of highway one even though it is only a short block off the main road. all rooms are suites which are spread out over several buildings.



 

freeda



















 

wonderful place- quiet, beautiful, excellent management and very hospitable. breakfast was delicious just like european tasty bfast. pretty views of the water from this pvt island. architecture was also amazing. loved if. 👌🎉



 

avneesh



















 

beautiful!!! we had a tiny room above the reception desk area as we were passing through and only staying one night. the area is perfect for night life. walking distance to everything. we took a kayak out and rowed into the sunset. best experience of our entire trip.



 

meghan ruff



















 

we enjoyed our stay so much. the hotel has very high standards reflected in the service, cleanliness, and beautiful, well equipped, and spacious suite.
breakfast was continental and everything you could need and more.
we enjoyed using hire bikes. we also enjoyed laurielee restaurant nearby.
thanks to all for a brilliant stay.



 

anita i










 










stay more, save more 



enjoy longer stays and greater savings with our “stay more, save more” offer, granting you up to 20% off your vacation of 5 days or more, blending relaxation and value seamlessly. 







 
check offers












enjoy up to 20% off your extended stay! 





                                contact us                                     














we are a part of enthusiast hotel collection 



inspiration in every direction 





 

 






 




welcome to the enthusiast hotel collection, a kaleidoscope of boutique hotels, inns, and travel getaways carefully chosen to delight the senses, expand the imagination, and inspire adventure. each property in the collection is personally handpicked and cherished, representing a distinct and unique experience that we would like to share with our fellow travel enthusiasts.   









 





want access to more exclusive deals and experiences? 



get the inside scoop on special offers, packages, and great information about what’s happening in our area. 





please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.email *submit  









rooms & suites 






garden view




sea view









explore 






waterlife




 bluemist 




local attractions









events 






weddings




production









partnerships  






cornell lab partner




press/media releases









locate us 







 
136 madeira road islamorada, fl 33036





 
+1 (305) 664-0044





 
info@casamorada.com





 
outside view


























 






partnered with 




 







 






follow us on social 



 
















 









© 2024. casamorada. all rights reserved. 











 
book now







 














×

















































