


miracle prayer & a course in miracles




















    
	miracle prayer & a course in miracles
	
  
"through prayer love is received, 
and through miracles love is expressed."

jesus in a course in miracles





saturday, january 03, 2009



	 
	 the war against myself is over
	 
    


as long as one brother is asleep the dream, there is a justification to kill. this is not about a world out there. this is about your individual decision only. and i am done.i felt like posting this:towards a miracle in the middle eastby marianne williamsontoday is a day to cry for israel. today is a day to cry for the palestinians. today is a day to cry for all of us.       today is a day of war.      war anywhere, at this point in our history, is an action that threatens peace everywhere. particularly when it comes to the middle east. from its spiritual significance to its political significance, it is humanity's hot spot. it always has been and probably it always will be. it's where all the rivers of human perspective meet, to become either a cauldron of hatred or an ocean of love.      while it might be tempting to “take sides” between israel and the palestinians, spiritually there are no sides to be taken. god does not give us victory in battle but rather lifts us above the battlefield. as a generation, our moral imperative to end war period, to somehow move beyond the idea that war is an acceptable means of solving problems. anything less then that makes us attitudinal conspirators with a line of probability leading to nuclear catastrophe.     according to swiss psychologist carl jung, humanity's biggest problems cannot be solved; they must be outgrown. our task is to create a field of consciousness in which the idea of war has dropped from the ethers.       so how do we outgrow war?         the first thing we do is to accept the possibility that the end of war is possible. in fact, in the words of congressman dennis kucinich, “we must challenge the belief that war is inevitable.” we must embrace the possibility that a world without war could exist.       secondly, we must mature beyond the belief that the thinking that got us into this mess can lead us out of it. “the problems of the world will not be solved on the level of thinking we were at when we created them,” wrote einstein. we must realize that the mortal ego will not provide us with a solution, because it itself is the problem. notions such as, “the israelis have a right to defend themselves,” and “the palestinians have taken so much abuse; what do you expect them to do?” are both insidious drivers of war masquerading as principled stands. they keep us attached to the very duality that is the root of separation and war.      on a spiritual level, our greatest service to both israelis and palestinians is to reach for a higher truth within our own minds. for an essential principle of metaphysical reality is that all minds are joined; as any of us are drawn to higher thoughts, then all of us are drawn to higher thoughts. as we ourselves embrace a higher truth, we help create an anti-gravitational force field that lifts all minds above separation, hatred and war.       for all our talk about wanting to be the change, how many of us are siding now against one side or the other in the current mid-east conflict. if you really want to help the situation there, ask god to remove from your heart any judgment you have against the israelis or the palestinians. any thought of judgment you hold is like a gun that you yourself are firing.      the human race is evolving to the realization that what is happening on the level of consciousness both precedes and determines what happens in the world. war is just an effect, not a cause. with the power of our minds, we can move beyond the level of effect to the level of cause. there, and only there, can we wipe out what president franklin roosevelt called the “beginnings of all war.”       as americans, we have a creed --- a set of principles enshrined and institutionalized in our founding documents. first and foremost among them is that “all men are created equal.” period. end of story. don't be lured into thinking that either israelis or palestinians have been either the perfect innocents or the perfect victims here; such thinking serves neither. the greatest gift you can give to both is to realize that on a spiritual level, israelis and palestinians are one. their only true reality is the reality of whom they are in this moment, freed from any thoughts of the past.       complexity is of the ego; do not linger there. of course there is a complicated history to the struggle currently playing out in the middle east, and that complicated history has significance and relevance for traditional political formulation. so leave that to the traditional politicians. our task as seekers and purveyors of a higher human consciousness is to move beyond traditional political notions, to a holistic politics that embraces the relevance of psychological and spiritual realities to the political issues of our time. as students of gandhi and dr. king, we know that moving beyond the violence in our own hearts is essential if we are to be conduits for the creation of a world at peace. the truly new politics goes beyond mere “post-partisan” hand-shaking and collaboration among former rivals. it takes us to a new kind of thinking as a basis for the creation of a new kind of world.         traditionalists can call us naïve all they want to. but anyone who thinks that human hatred can simply be bombed away…they are naïve. anyone who thinks we can continue to tolerate violence on this planet at ever-increasing levels and have such conflagrations not lead to the ultimate cataclysm of nuclear catastrophe… they are naïve. anyone who thinks that the narrowness of a rationalistic, mechanistic human perspective can lead us out of the hell which that perspective itself has created…they are naïve. and those who see prayer as merely “symbol, not substance”… they are naïve. prayer is hardly just symbol; it is a mover of hearts, and thus a mover of mountains.      mountains we now need desperately to move.         through the grace of god we are not powerless; according to a course in miracles, moving mountains is small compared to what we can do. war is at heart a spiritual problem and it can only be eradicated with a spiritual solution….a solution that lies within all of us.     martin luther king jr. said there is a power in our hearts more powerful than the power of bullets. he described mahatma gandhi as the first person in the world to take the love ethic of jesus christ and turn it into a broad scale social force for good (to gandhi himself, non-violence was not just the love ethic of jesus, but rather the heart of all religion and the heart of reality itself). on today's geo-political landscape, we see hatred turned into a political force all around us; the politics of non-violence turns love into a political force. the question for any conscious human being, much less spiritual seeker, is, “how can i help do that?” only the power in our hearts will be able to eradicate the idea of war, and then the reality of war from the experience of the human race.        according to gandhi, the problem with the world was that humanity was not in its right mind. and arguably, we still are not. war, quite simply, is insane. for those of us who wish to be part of the solution, not part of the problem of war; it is time to change our own minds, to accept a healing of our own war-like thoughts, in order to create a new field of possibility. whether dealing with the transformation of the individual or of the transformation of the world, only what is changed on the level of consciousness becomes a fundamental change in the conditions of the world.        for five minutes each day, be a spiritual activist.         you probably already know what to do. turn off the tv; neither cnn, msnbc or fox know the news. they only know data.       turn off the bright lights. put down the newspaper. and go within.      however you do it, turn your attention to the god of your understanding. surrender your own hatred, give over your own wars, and ask that this year you be lifted above the violence that still lives inside your heart.       with your eyes closed, see on one side of your inner vision the israeli people. see their physicality, their mannerisms, as you recognize them on the material plane. now see a light within their hearts, and slowly watch that light expand, extending beyond the confines of their bodies. see the bodies begin to fade before the greater light of their eternal selves.       now with your inner eye look to the other side of your inner vision, and see there the palestinian people. see their physicality, their mannerisms, as you recognize them on the material plane. now see a light within their hearts, and slowly watch that light expand, extending beyond the confines of their bodies. see the bodies begin to fade before the greater light of their eternal selves.       now using your inner eye - your greatest source of power -bear witness to what happens as the inner light of the israelis begins to merge with the inner light of the palestinians. bear witness to the merging of their spiritual selves. simply watch and focus, for what you focus on grows stronger.       you are bearing witness now to a higher truth, thus using the power of your mind to draw a heavenly truth into material manifestation. in the presence of higher thought forms, lower ones fall of their own dead weight. in the presence of light, darkness disappears. in the presence of eternal truth, temporal lies begin to fall away.      in the words of dr. king, “no lie can last forever.”  the idea that the israeli and palestinian people are truly separate, or have separate needs, is simply a lie of the mortal mind. spiritually, we are all one. israelis and palestinians were created by the same god; in him they are equal and they are joined eternally. only thought forms have separated them. thought forms of guilt and separation have been handed down to children born innocent of such lies, generation after generation; those are the true enemy here, not either group of people.       as any of us move beyond the fear-based thought forms of separation and guilt to the truth of our eternal oneness, it becomes easier for everyone else to do so as well. let's give up the way-too-easy, so-american way of chiding either israelis or palestinians for their difficulty in forgiving the past. what both peoples have endured is almost unimaginable, and only the truly sainted among us should even for a minute consider judging either side.    we don't have to; and when in our own right minds, we don't want to.     use the power of your mind to create a new possibility… a miracle in the middle east.      as the poet rumi wrote so eloquently, “out beyond all ideas of right and wrong, there is a field. i'll meet you there.” so go there now. such thoughts are not just poetry, or even symbol, any longer. in the world that's being born, they're the stuff of a new politics.       no more simply asking, “but what can i do?” go even further, to “what can i think? what can i pray for? what can i meditate on?” pray for the removal of all walls that separate any of us from any of us, not only on our earth but also in our minds. pray for the removal of the guns that still fire within your own mind as you accuse or withhold your forgiveness from anyone. and pray that at this perilous hour, those of us whose lives have not been touched by the horrors of war can be of service to those whose lives have been.        dear god, please deliver them.        and dear god, deliver us.



posted by lily bonnes at 8:16 pm






tuesday, september 02, 2008




	 a course in miracles unleashed with lisa natoli
	 



show starts september 8th!a course in miracles unleashed is "a direct encounter with jesus christ in the evolution and enlightenment of the human species."lisa is starting this incredible radio show. please go to the website and tune in. she is so fun and i am sure you are going to have a blast. don't miss it!labels: a course in miracles, a course in miracles unleashed, interviews, lisa natoli, movie, radio



posted by lily bonnes at 12:56 pm
0 comments






saturday, august 30, 2008




	 a course in miracles unleashed
	 



this is incredible. a course in miracles is changing the world you see. make sure you watch the movie. get a copy @ http://www.acourseinmiraclesunleashed.comlabels: a course in miracles, awakening, movie, testimonial



posted by lily bonnes at 4:46 pm
0 comments






wednesday, july 02, 2008



	 
	 uncompromising joel
	 
    


prayer becomes effective when you do not pray for anything! that is the basic law of prayer. anyone can receive answers to prayer as long as they will release themselves from human desires for personal good or personal gain.        it is trying to make a “house of merchandise” of god that interferes with prayer, asking for food for me or for you – or asking for clothing or housing in spite of the master’s teaching that you shall not pray for what you shall eat or what you shall drink or wherewithal you shall be clothed – that you shall not take thought for things.        when you pray, pray only that the kingdom of god be revealed to you. pray that the will of god be revealed to you. pray only that god’s grace reveal itself within you and let that prayer result in whatever form of good is within the realm of spiritual grace.study & meditation #49from joel goldsmith1960 chicago open class (1:2a)tape 321 side 2i looooove it! thanks joel.labels: god, help, joel goldsmith, prayer



posted by lily bonnes at 3:23 pm
2 comments






tuesday, july 01, 2008



	 
	 i call upon god's name and on my own.
	 
    


this morning i got a call from a brother asking: what name should i use all through the day? god, jehova, abba, father, jim? we were laughing together because if you are in the experience of god you could call him anything, like coat hanger for example. god is the big name behind any form and so little things and names join in that one meaning. and...what does it say in today's lesson?repeat the name of god, and little names have lost their meaning.  no temptation but becomes a nameless (!!!!) and unwanted thing before god's name.  repeat his name, and see how easily you will forget the names of all the gods you valued. i love this lesson because there is no room to ever be in conflict or unhappy, because you literally will create an altar for truth, each time you turn to god.those who call upon the name of god can not mistake the nameless for the name, nor sin for grace, nor bodies for the holy son of god.  and should you join a brother as you sit with him in silence, and repeat god's name along with him within your quiet mind, you have established there an altar which reaches to god himself and to his son.i went with friends on the wisconsin river today. i live here about 10 years, but i never rented a boat to go play on the river and it was the most beautiful thing. so, we parked the boat on a little beach and my friend read today's lesson. we had been in this quiet almost surreal space. nobody was around. no boats, no people. all of the sudden while reading this passage of the lesson: god's name can not be heard without response(!!!!), nor said without an echo in the mind that calls you to remember.....and there they where, at least 6 boats at once with everyone waving at us, big waves coming up the shore and just a lot of energy. like everything responded to this lesson. i am telling you soon on every airport, shopping mall or bus station there will be an hourly reminder of the daily lesson of a course in miracles coming over the speakers.god thank you for this day. i love you.labels: altar, brother, god, miracles



posted by lily bonnes at 5:26 pm
1 comments






monday, june 23, 2008



	 
	 7%
	 
    


a swami was having a conversation with lord shiva one day and said:'lord, i would like to know what heaven and hell are like.lord shiva led the swami to two doors.he opened one of the doors and the swami looked in. in the middle of the room was a large round table. in the middle of the table was a large pot of stew, which smelled delicious and made the swami's mouth water.the people sitting around the table were thin and sickly. they appeared to be famished. they were holding spoons with very long handles that were strapped to their arms and each found it possible to reach into the pot of stew and take a spoonful.but because the handle was longer than their arms, they could not get the spoons back into their mouths. the swami shuddered at the sight of their misery and suffering.lord shiva said, 'you have seen hell.they went to the next room and opened the door. it was exactly the same as the first one. there was the large round table with the large pot of stew which made the holy man's mouth water. the people were equipped with the same long-handled spoons, but here the people were well nourished and plump, laughing and talking. the swami said, 'i don't understand.''it is simple,' said lord shiva.'it requires but one skill. you see they have learned to feed each other, while the greedy think only of themselves.' when lord shiva created the world, he was thinking of you. it's estimated 93% won't forward this. if you are one of the 7% who will, forward this with the title '7%'.i'm in the 7%remember that i will always share my spoon with you.thought this was a fun story and this my way t forward the message.i love you. have a great daylabels: god, heaven, hell



posted by lily bonnes at 3:31 pm
1 comments






friday, june 13, 2008



	 
	 let not my mind deny the thought of god.
	 
    


i was sitting this morning in my room reading today’s lesson: let not my mind deny the thought of god. and i was praying to have a different day. a day, that will open a new door for me. i asked for a change---and: it did (it still surprises me when it happens).this is also the reason i am writing this post. well there isn’t really a reason i could define, i only know: i should. for my self. all my judgments aside. like i really believe i am a bad and not very interesting writer. but i figure: just follow the instruction. judgment is not my department.it’s also when dear one appeared, how he does every time i need him. and this is that wants to be shared.when i got the call at 11pm on tuesday, may 20th about the transition of the old man, i have to admit that i wasn’t surprised. i actually gave him complete permission to leave for a while. the thing is though: he did not leave.-or better: i am gone with him. he feels so much closer to me. he never was the identity i gave to him, when he was sitting in front of me every day --my way of separating my self from him. he came back as my self.so, this morning i prayed for a change. i had the most amazing day. most of all i am grateful to todays lesson. let not my mind deny the thought of god. today i actually remembered the lesson a lot. each time i would catch my self going into a judgment about someone, i applied it. looking beyond. having my gaze fixed on god. not making up stories, but staying with the lesson. staying present.i love it!there is a god.- and he is there for me. he does not judge me. he looks right at me disregarding my insanity completely. and so does dear one and jesus and my brother.i was only mistaken about my self. and that is the lesson to "for-give".labels: a course in miracles, god, lesson, life



posted by lily bonnes at 6:39 pm
2 comments











about me

name:  lily bonnes 
location:  wisconsin dells, wi, united states 
painting is a very intimate occurrence. it is adventure. going where i never have been before. disregarding past references. the art of taking thoughts and letting them meet with an nonconceptual abstract and guidance. i look at life as art and my work is happening in a laboratory that is creating new avenues. mighty powers seem to stir and through a miraculous giving in, become a route,  a gesture, an adventure that touches many and transform my perception constantly.

this blog is a means to share my work and inspirations.
view my complete profile

links

make a prayer request @ the miracles healing center
miracles healing center website 
view and download master teachers videos and audios
read the course in miracles!
lisa's blog
sooz's blog
tanja's blog
monica's blog
anita's blog
alban's blog
kristen's blog














subscribe to rss headline updates from: 
powered by feedburner
a course in miracles




previous posts

the war against myself is over
a course in miracles unleashed with lisa natoli
a course in miracles unleashed
uncompromising joel
i call upon god's name and on my own.
7%
let not my mind deny the thought of god.
my stroke of insight
happy easter
smiling as the shit comes down- day

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
september 2006
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
january 2009











 



