







cascada | official website



























































































































































































 



skip to content









 


search for:








abouttournewsdiscography 








videosmerchandisecontact




















home2024-06-24t13:13:56+02:00 
checkout my latest single
never be lonely (cascada remix)
jax jones, zoe wees, cascada
listen on spotifyeverytime we touch …



musical milestones
„everytime we touch“ reached top 10 positions in many countries in 2006, including number 2 in the uk and number 10 in the us billboard hot 100. the song was particularly successful in europe and north america. the debut album of the same name sold millions of copies worldwide, secured top 10 positions in numerous countries, redefining the eurodance genre.
the recognition in the music industry was corresponding: in 2007, cascada won the world music award as „world’s best selling german artist“, one of the few music awards with a global focus.





stylistic evolution: „evacuate the dancefloor“
in 2009, the album „evacuate the dancefloor“ heralded a new era for cascada. the album signaled a stylistic shift from cascada’s previous eurodance sound to a more contemporary electropop style. the single of the same name was a worldwide hit. it reached number 1 in the uk charts, knocking michael jackson’s „man in the mirror“ off the top spot. this was particularly notable as it happened shortly after michael jackson’s death, as many of his songs experienced a posthumous resurgence in the charts.




cascada: musical journey to new heights
since their international breakthrough in 2006, cascada has established itself as one of the most influential forces in the international dance music scene. founded in 2004, the group has sold approximately 30 million records worldwide to date. now the charismatic lead singer natalie horler is aiming for further success at the pinnacle of the international hit scene with her new single „ain’t no mountain high enough“ (release date: 15.3.2024). the accompanying album „studio 24“ will be released in fall 2024.




studio 24 – a new era
inspired by the disco and funk era, the new album „studio 24“ is currently in production. the collaboration with renowned german producer christian geller is responsible for the musical development. the new songs bring a fresh perspective to the iconic sounds that made the legendary „studio 54“ club in new york world-famous. they once again demonstrate cascada’s talent for integrating different musical elements into her distinctive style and appeal to both loyal fans and new listeners.
natalie horler describes the idea as pure passion: „what i’ve always loved about the studio 54 era is its legendary aura and the outcry for freedom and self-expression. back then, you could walk into the club naked or ride in on a white horse. nobody batted an eyelid. i just love that kind of thing.“
„ain’t no mountain high enough“ – a modern classic
the first single „ain’t no mountain high enough“ is a modern and powerful interpretation of the soul classic by marvin gaye and tammi terrell – newly produced with the unmistakable cascada flair. the song is regarded in music history as one of the great classics of soul and the motown era. the message of unwavering devotion and the willingness to overcome any obstacle has turned the song into a timeless embodiment of love and connection.















on toursince 2004 cascada have been touring and are still producing new music to this day. their tours have spanned across the usa to australia, to the very north of norway, all the way to africa and most countries in between. please ensure to purchase tickets only through official websites to avoid the risk of fake tickets that may not grant access to the show!
 




discography



since their international breakthrough in 2006, cascada has established itself as one of the most influential forces in the international dance music scene. founded in 2004, the group has sold approximately 30 million records worldwide to date. now the charismatic lead singer natalie horler is aiming for further success at the pinnacle of the international hit scene with her new single „ain’t no mountain high enough“ (release date: 15.3.2024). the accompanying album „studio 24“ will be released in fall 2024.




studio 24

album release, october 2024
get it herethe best of cascada
album release, 2013
get it hereacoustic sessions

album release, 2013
get it hereits christmas time

album release, 2012
get it hereback on the dancefloor

album release, 2012
get it hereevacuate the dancefloor

album release, 2009
get it hereperfect day

album release, 2007
get it hereeverytime we touch

album release, 2006
get it herevideosfor privacy reasons youtube needs your permission to be loaded. for more details, please see our privacy policy.i acceptfor privacy reasons youtube needs your permission to be loaded. for more details, please see our privacy policy.i acceptfor privacy reasons youtube needs your permission to be loaded. for more details, please see our privacy policy.i acceptfor privacy reasons youtube needs your permission to be loaded. for more details, please see our privacy policy.i acceptfor privacy reasons youtube needs your permission to be loaded. for more details, please see our privacy policy.i acceptfor privacy reasons youtube needs your permission to be loaded. for more details, please see our privacy policy.i acceptwatch more videosmerchandisecascada 2021 eyes edition
buy nowcascada 2021 mic
buy nowcascada 2021 pride edition
buy nowdiscover the whole collection
visit cascada fanshop



 
 
contactfor all booking & media requests
managementblue art event gmbh
frank ehrlichvarlar 1348720 rosendahlgermany
+49 (0) 2541- 801 47 79f.ehrlich (at) blue-art-event.com
please do not send us any autograph requests ! it´s important to us to go with the times and be more sustainable!
record labelzooland music gmbh
manuel reuter, yann peifer
girlitzweg 30
50829 köln
germany
info (at) zooland-records.de
privacy policyimprint

 
 
page load link



this website uses cookies and third party services.					

ok		




























































































go to top



