



schenectady county, new york history and genealogy





















this page conforms to the xhtml standard and uses style sheets.  if your browser doesn't support these, you may not see the page as designed, but all the text is still accessible to you.

schenectady digital history archive
bringing the heritage of schenectady county, new york to the world since 1996



skip menu
home

what's new

people

biographies
family genealogies
family files at the schenectady county historical society
first settlers of schenectady
hudson-mohawk genealogical and family memoirs
schermerhorn genealogy and family chronicles
biographies in history of the mohawk valley: gateway to the west 1614-1925
biographical review: greene, schoharie and schenectady counties
project to discover schenectady county's eastern european roots
census
city directories
coroner
vital records
wills

places

schenectady county
city of schenectady
town of duanesburg
town of glenville
town of niskayuna
town of princetown
town of rotterdam
village of scotia
mohawk river
union college

topics

baseball
buildings
canals
cemeteries
census
churches
city directories
coroner
education
general electric
health and medicine
labor
military
mohawk river
pictures
property assessments and land records
railroads
vital records
wills
yearbooks

books

first settlers of schenectady
history of the schenectady patent
history of schenectady during the revolution
schenectady county, new york: its history to the close of the nineteenth century
electric city immigrants: italians and poles of schenectady, n.y., 1880-1930
history of education in schenectady, 1661-62 - 1961-62
history of the mohawk valley: gateway to the west 1614-1925
hudson-mohawk genealogical and family memoirs
schermerhorn genealogy and family chronicles
biographical review: greene, schoharie and schenectady counties
new york state civil war muster rolls
—» and more!

research sites

schenectady county historical society
schenectady county public library
clerks, historians and societies
efner history research library
museum of innovation and science [misci]  archives
union college / schaffer library / archives
adirondack research library
edison tech center
—» more research help

our region today

schenectady county
fulton county
hamilton county
montgomery county
saratoga county
schoharie county
warren county
washington county

scpl

schenectady county public library
schenectady county public library catalog
scpl history and genealogy resources
scpl research services

search

this site
schenectady / capital district obituary index
schenectady county historical society catalog
schenectady county public library catalog
schenectady county property assessments and land records
ancestry (central library only)
historical new york times 1851-2017 (central library only)
america's news (scpl card required outside the library)
referenceusa (scpl, mvls or sals card required outside the library)
nys doh genealogical research death index (1957 - 1972)
dar genealogical research system
social security death index (familysearch)

contact











schenectady county, new yorkhistory and genealogy






the schenectady digital history archive is coordinated by robert g. sullivan and is a member of the nygenweb, usgenweb and american history and genealogy projects, dedicated to making information about schenectady's heritage more accessible to researchers around the world.
 follow us on bluesky
schenectady county was formed from albany county on march 7, 1809.  it has a population of 159,902 (2023 u. s. census estimate, twentieth in new york state) and an area of 206 square miles, making it the second smallest in the state outside of new york city.  the name "schenectady" is derived from a mohawk indian word for "on that side of the pinery," or "near the pines," or "place beyond the pine plains."
schenectady was known as the "city that lights and hauls the world" because of its prominent place in the locomotive manufacturing industry and the presence of the headquarters of the general electric company.




research resources for schenectady county


where to go
historical and genealogical resources may be found at the schenectady county historical society, the schenectady county public library, county, city and town clerks and historians and many other organizations.  see research help for more information.
don't forget the catalogs of the schenectady county public library, mohawk valley library system / southern adirondack library system, which includes the holdings of public libraries in fulton, hamilton, montgomery, saratoga, schoharie, warren and washington counties, the upper hudson library system (albany and rensselaer counties) and the new york state library.
how to get there
the schenectady county public library is located at the corner of liberty and clinton streets, across a corner from the efner history research library at city hall and down the street from union college. the historical society is located a few minutes west of the library (drive to the end of union st., take a right on washington ave., and it's on your left). the new york state library is about 45 minutes east in albany (see parking and location information).  you might want to check our frequently beautiful, but always interesting weather before you come. for more information about our area, see our schenectady county and capital district area links.

directory

people
family genealogies, biographies, pearson's first settlers, family files at the schenectady county historical society, hudson-mohawk genealogical and family memoirs …
research topics
baseball, buildings, canals, cemeteries, census, churches, city directories, coroner, education, health and medicine, labor, military, mohawk river, pictures, property assessments and land records, vital records, wills, yearbooks


places
schenectady county, city of schenectady, duanesburg, glenville, niskayuna, princetown, rotterdam, scotia, union college
schenectady county locations and historic districts in the national register of historic places
business and industry
railroads, general electric, civitello's italian pastry



don't miss:

what's new?
haven't visited for a while? check out important new links!


search
looking for surnames or historical information? search our site by keyword!


research help
records, places to go and people who can help you find information.


read all about it!
selected works on schenectady history and genealogy, some of them available online.


border crossing
useful sources for researching history and genealogy in neighboring counties and elsewhere in new york and the united states.


community information
schenectady county and the capital district area today.





if you have any suggestions for sites to add to this page, please let us know.
go to top of page

https://www.schenectadyhistory.org/index.html updated january  8, 2025
copyright 2025 schenectady digital history archive — a service of the schenectady county public library



w3c xhtml 1.0 √



w3c css √



w3c wai-aaa wcag 1.0 √










statcounter







