




 

 
 








kadlec regional medical center | providence









 

































englishespañol







languages


english


español











skip to main content
 




















provide your location


we'll use your location to find clinics, hospitals and doctors closest to you.







zip code or city






















mychart    






pay my bill    






careers    










 









 
                                    my account
                                
 













 
 
 













 



















popular searches





quick links

























find a doctor    






locations    







services    












cancer    




heart & vascular    




neurosciences    




orthopedics    




primary care    






pediatrics    




maternity    




urgent care    




view all    









get care    












see a doctor    




same day care    




get care virtually    




download providence app    




schedule with mychart     









billing support    












online bill pay    




help paying your bill    




get a price estimate    








pay my bill    






mychart    






careers    

























popular searches





quick links











 

 








 






                                kadlec regional medical center
                            






kadlec regional medical center


our departments






birth center
bloodless medicine and surgery
cardiac care
chaplain services
diagnostic imaging






pediatric center
emergency services
intensive care unit
neonatal intensive care unit
palliative care








patients and visitors




bill pay
hospital policies
medical records request
patient and family advisory council
support groups






classes and events


donate and volunteer


kadlec and sacred heart keep kids healthy




heart care close to home






pharmacy residency




contact us
application requirements
frequently asked questions
learning experiences






volunteering at kadlec


more


















 







 











            kadlec regional medical center
        




















            4.8
                  |  15,373 ratings        







888 swift blvd, richland, wa 99352



            7002.3 miles away
        




            509-946-4611
        




        509-946-4611

    







            kadlec regional medical center
        




















            4.8
                  |  15,373 ratings        














509-946-4611




888 swift blvd, richland, wa 99352



            7002.3 miles away
        



 



 













                            overview
                        

                            classes & events
                        

                            donate & volunteer
                        






                                    overview
                                    








kadlec first opened its doors in 1944 to provide care for the hanford area workers and their families. since then, we have grown into a regional medical center that provides care for residents across the mid-columbia region of central washington.  
commitment to a higher standard
we are dedicated to caring for you and your family using advanced technology and medical equipment. additionally, our staff is committed to providing all our patients with compassionate, high-quality care.  
kadlec is home to a number of advanced services and programs, including: 

the region’s only level iii neonatal intensive care unit
an all-digital outpatient imaging center
an award-winning cardiac care program

learn more about kadlec 









                                    classes & events
                                    








kadlec offers a full spectrum of classes and programs to help support patients, from prenatal and childbirth classes to community lectures. 














                                    donate & volunteer
                                    








we rely entirely on support of generous donors and volunteers like you to help fund the health care needs of our community.
kadlec foundation, on behalf of its donors, supports the work of kadlec regional medical center. it's work that's more important than ever with the increasing financial challenges facing health care. 
learn more about kadlec foundation
there are a number of opportunities for you to get involved and volunteer your services at kadlec. from our junior volunteer program to our music program, we would love for you to be involved.
learn about volunteering 









current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





browse hospital departments 

 











view all departments 
 
 







recognition 









u.s. news & world report - central washington best regional hospital in 9 types of care (2024-25)









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in colon cancer surgery (2024-25)









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in copd (2024-25)







see all recognition 
 






 

current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





looking for a different location? 





                        set your location to find care near you. your location:
                    







zip code or city








 











find another location 
 







news & information from our experts 





                            from our blog
                        

                            latest news
                        

                            latest from facebook
                        






                                    from our blog
                                    

















                        mental health in the black community
                    

                            2/14/2025
                        
explore the stigma around mental health in black communities and find supportive resources and tools available to help. learn more from providence.








                        pink eye vs. allergies: what’s causing my symptoms?
                    

                            1/31/2025
                        
suffering from red, itchy and watery eyes? learn how to tell the difference between pink eye and eye allergies.








                        telecritical care ensures the best care, anytime, anywhere
                    

                            1/24/2025
                        
telecritical care at providence collaborates with critical care teams at smaller local hospitals to provide specialized 24/7 monitoring and care.








                        comprehensive guide to winter illness
                    

                            1/22/2025
                        
explore our comprehensive guide to winter illnesses, including flu and rsv, as well as prevention and care tips to stay healthy this season.







go to the blog 
 









                                    latest news
                                    

















                        lacey perry named chief philanthropy officer
                    

                            2/11/2025
                        
lacey perry named chief philanthropy officer








                        kadlec offers unique trauma support program
                    

                            2/6/2025
                        
trauma support program








                        jim hall, “the voice of kadlec” retires after 30 years
                    

                            1/16/2025
                        
jim hall retires from kadlec after 30 years








                        kadlec regional medical center now has additional tool to detect breast cancer
                    

                            11/7/2024
                        
kadlec offering prevention4me for detection of breast and other cancers.







read our latest news 
 









                                    latest from facebook
                                    









powered by curator.io


 




             today, on neonatal intensive care unit (nicu) nurses day, we share our thanks and appreciation to these #providenceheroes who give our tiniest patients and their families compassionate and comprehensive care. these #healthcareheroes passion and dedication is evident every day and their lasting impact is often remembered over decades. join us in saying thank you to these hardworking professionals. #neonatalnursesday #neonatalnursesweek        providence holy cross medical center sep 15, 2021                      with the surge in cases of the #covid-19 #deltavariant and the potential for updates on the #vaccines, many of us are wondering what might come next. tune into the upcoming broadcast to learn more about what @providence  experts know.        providence holy cross medical center sep 9, 2021             load more 

 








 






















about kadlec
for more than 75 years, kadlec has been the leading health care organization in the region, offering primary and specialty care to patients in the tri-cities and surrounding area. as a not-for-profit community health system with more than 4,000 caregivers and volunteers, kadlec is committed to its mission of providing safe, compassionate care. 









contact us 









patients and visitors 

billing & financial assistance 

get a price estimate 

price transparency 

kadlec expresscare 

annual reports to our community 

community health needs assessments and improvement plans 

find a clinic 

find a doctor 

patient and family advisory council 









work for kadlec 

careers 

physician & provider careers 

family medicine residency 

for students and guests 

for employees 

board of directors portal 

physicians leadership portal 




















connect with us 

 

 

 







disclaimer 

terms of use & privacy policy 

notice of nondiscrimination and communication assistance 

notice of privacy practices 

patient rights  





©2025 providence. all rights reserved.
 














