
       essense-of-life.com  


    






           
    my cart: 0 item(s)      your shopping cart is empty   

 







shop our catalog 




product search












 contact us


 cart
0




      
contact us
blog
  call us: ☎ 1 (951) 639-9708    
if you experience any issues, try switching to another browser such as chrome, or to another device such as phone or laptop, to complete your order.

              0       product search               sign in   cart0      global account log in         email adress    password       register   forgot password?         secure checkout        


 sign in or register





shop all


health a-z


 main menu


a-z health topic library


alkaline minerals


blood health support


bone and joint support


diet support


digestive health support


energy support


healthy ph support


heart health support


immune support


memory and brain support


muscle recovery support


view all health a-z




minerals


 main menu


all minerals


mineral singles


mineral blends


alkaline minerals


lipid minerals


packages


view all minerals




nutrition


 main menu


all nutrition products


enzymes


probiotics


vitamins


nutritional support


specialty products


books and guides


gastrodefense


mother earth labs


view all nutrition




books


herbs


topical


equipment


pets



contact us
blog





         

















about us
essense of life



nutritional support for cancer patients is essential for overall quality of life. since 2002, essense of life™ has been working to bring you the best in unique high quality concentrated nutritional supplements with this very goal in mind.

we know that our customers have very specialized and individual nutritional needs. that is why we strive to provide only the best quality products, and don't waste time with lesser products that don't meet our standards.

our complete line of mineral, vitamin, and herbal supplements are in a concentrated liquid form, which ensures a small particle size for easy absorption and rapid delivery, unlike capsules or pills. 
whether you or your pet are under the care of a doctor, working with an alternative healthcare provider, or going it alone, we are here for you. we respond to your requests quickly and are here to answer your questions. for personalized help, we provide free consultations. contact us today!




click here to contact us today








what our customers have to say

































featured products



colostrum immune oral spray (professional strength)
$39.95





curcumin with liposomal delivery
$30.95





gastro defense stomach armor
$30.95





vitamin c liposomal delivery
$30.95



shop featured


 


featured category





shop sovereign labs professional strength products














what is a cancer diet? if you are looking to change your diet here is a good place to start. this article offers tips for making healthier choices that will enable your body to work towards healing from within.

read article











every day there is a war going on in your gut. foreign proteins, bacteria, and viruses are trying to enter your body through the very thin layer of cells that line your gut. fortunately, there is a natural food that can jump start the immune system.

read article











the goal of an alkaline diet is eat more alkaline-forming foods to both increase your body’s alkaline reserves and to balance out your intake of acid-forming foods. this alkaline diet quick-start guide provides a helpful overview of foods to eat and foods to avoid.

read article











there is a lot of confusion about ph, how to test ph levels in the body, and what raising your ph actually means. this article will help clarify these commonly misunderstood topics.

read article











interviews with real cancer survivors who have used a variety of alternative cancer treatments and therapies to overcome their cancer diagnosis. these personal stories are provided in their own words, and represent individual experiences and opinions.

read stories






          

category
category


minerals


nutrition products


herbs


topical


equipment


pet products


books & guides


health a-z


shop all



    quick links quick links   about us   contact us   international order faqs   shipping and returns   privacy policy   order status   essential health blog   affiliates        connect with us connect with us                         safe & secure 








   contact information   office hours (central time):monday–friday 8am-3pm    united states customers: 1 (951) 639-9708    international customers: +1 951 639 9708     contact us     

privacy statement


shipping and return policies

© 2025 essense of life all rights reserved


  

information on this site is provided for informational purposes only. it is not meant to substitute for medical advice provided by your physician or other medical professional. you should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing any medication. you should read carefully all product packaging and labels. if you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your physician or health care provider. information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


   

    

  