

shotglass.org -- a resource for the shot glass collector






















 
displays   |   feedback   |   links   |   message board   |    shotglass database 
   |  what is a shot glass
















			search this site
                





search the shot glass database





















		    on tap
                





what is a shot glass?

do you collect glasses or designs?

connections to other hobbies

what is that glass worth? 

the pickvet cataloging system

types of collections 

article archive



how i ...

     got started collecting

     describe/classify shot glasses

     display my shot glasses














		shotglasses hit the mainstream!
		





world record

		the  guinness book of world records has an entry for the world's largest 
		shotglass collection. brad rodgers of las vegas is listed as the holder of the record as detailed in a 

                las vegas review-journal article 

shotglasses on film

                the recent movie "you've got mail" mentions the hobby of shotglass 
                collecting. it's not a major plot-point, but meg ryan and tom hanks are trying 
                to figure out what the 152 in a mail address of ny152 could mean, and tom hanks 
                guesses "152 souvenir shotglasses?" if you find anymore references like this, 
                let me know. 
                

                one scene in "tomorrow never dies" has james bond drinking from a tall glass 
                that has a very thick base -- almost half the height of the glass is solid.
                many people have asked where they came from. they are a "vodka glass" from the boris collection of a uk glass maker called lsa international. 
                

another popular movie "shot glass" is the metal cup used by val kilmer as doc holliday in the movie tombstone.  i contacted someone involved in the production and found out that it was a very special prop.  most props used in movies are part of a set of identical items -- if one gets lost or broken, they have a replacement.  the cup that doc used was one-of-a-kind, which made shooting difficult for the property team.
		












			other tidbits
	        






                   get shot glass books from 



feedback

                   if anybody has some feedback let me know leave feedback


message board

                   somebody asked for a guestbook which would let visitors communicate with each 
                   other. here is a link to the 
                   message board where you can ask questions, answer other visitor's questions,
                   or post anything you want related to shotglasses.
                

links

                   other shot glass links

                   other topics of interest














			advertising
                























			october 2024 - welcome to the site!!

		









		i have been collecting shotglasses for almost half of my life, and for the 
                longest time, i felt like i was the only one who collected these things. over 
                the years, i have searched for information on shotglasses and shotglass 
                collecting. there is not much information available, so i decided to create this 
                site to share what i have learned.
		





 more autographed glasses

i finally got my first nascar autographed glass -- from the 2020 champion chase elliot.  i did not have a one of his glasses, and the event where we met him was not at the track where i could have purchased one, so his autograph is just on an interestingly shaped glass (i had a few plain glasses in my collection to choose from:)  maybe i will be better prepared with at least a nascar logo glass the next time i get to meet a driver.




 broken glasses

i recently purchased a large collection and did not inspect every glass before i purchased it.  i have done this a couple of times, without any negative effects.  this time, things were a little different...

among a nice selection of glasses, some pre-pro, some box sets, some international, were a few things that i had never purchased before.  it appears that if the the previous owner broke a glass, he just glued the pieces back together, and kept the mended glass in his collection.  the application of glue was not very precise, and the glasses do not look very nice.

i never thought about gluing a glass back together -- even if it was a fairly rare glass, if it broke, i tossed the pieces.  has any of you encountered mended glasses before?  do you glue your broken ones back together?


 autographed glasses

a few years ago i won an auction for a set of chaos comics shotglasses that were signed by the artists.  i did not think much more about autographs until a few weeks ago.  i am a nascar fan who regularly attends races, and i am aware that there are often opportunities to get a driver's autograph.  most fans bring a hat or a model car to an autograph session;  i thought that i should bring a shotglass the next time i had an opportunity to meet a driver, and get a shotglass autographed.

the 2015 nascar season is over, so i will have to wait until next year for the racing to begin again.  i recently attended a small sci-fi convention, which provided an opportunity to get a different type of autograph.  many conventions have shotglasses available to commemorate the event, but many of them do not.  this convention had glasses available, and they also had a few celebrities who were signing autographs.  one of these celebrities was actor richard hatch, who played apollo in the original battlestar galactica, and more recently, he played tom zarek in the latest vesion of galactica.  i now have a one-of-a-kind derpycon shotglass, autographed by richard hatch.





 anime glasses

i have been a fan of animation for most of my life, and that includes japanese animation, also known as anime.  my daughter and i recently attended an anime convention, and in the artist's room at the convention i found someone selling shotglasses.  
        


 
(bleach, levi from attack on titan, and miku)
click on the image to see it larger

sorry for the poor quality of the photographs, but i wanted to post them quickly. the designs are acid etched into the glass, which means they are dishwasher safe.
for those of you interested in more than just shotglasses, she also makes regular sized glasses. 
more of the artist's work can be found at rins-artstudio.  



 jimmie johnson 2013 nascar champion

for those of you who do not follow nascar, you may not know that jimmie johnson won his sixth chamionship this year, and for the first time, they made a shotglass to celebrate the event.  i saw it on the site, but when i tried to order it, it is already out of stock.  i hope they get more in, as i would love to have one in my collection.  jimmie is my wife and son's favorite driver.  i need to find a new driver as mark martin is no longer going to be driving.



 nipple caps or nipple covers

another item that often shows up in collections of older glasses are "nipple caps" or "nipple covers" for glass baby bottles (also known as "nursing bottles").  many older baby bottles had much narrower openings than modern bottles, which have a wider opening (making them easier to clean).  these older bottles had a rubber nipple that stretched over the opening, and the nipple cover was held on by just a pressure fit over the rubber.

many if these caps have a flat top, such as this example so if you stand them up, they look like a small glass.  they are also about the same height as a shotglass, and are made from fairly thick glass, so i can see why someone might add one to their collection.  two problems that i have with caps being included in a collection is that since these bottles had fairly small openings, these covers are fairly narrow (much narrower than your average shotglass).  these covers also usually have some name embossed on them, and with names such as "steri-seal", "stork " and "tuffy-kap" it seems obvious that they are something other than shotglasses.

but having said that, here are three examples that are in my collection.  i obtained them as parts of collections that i have purchased, and keep them as examples of what might be, or might not be, a shotglass.



 toy tumblers
as a collection grows, especially a collection that includes older glasses, or glasses obtained from family and friends, items that were not originally produced as "shot glasses" may enter the collection.  one of the more obscure types of these items is a "toy tumbler."  

a "toy tumbler" is a small glass that was sold as a child's toy -- a glass made for playing "house" with a doll or teddy bear, made to serve water or lemonade.  in the days before toys were made out of plastic, children were allowed to play with things that were made out of glass.  these glasses usually came in a set that included a tiny pitcher.  the sets are regularly seen as children's toys and sold that way.  as with most breakable objects, the entire set often does not survive, and the remaining glasses make their way onto shelves marked as shotglasses.
 
many of these "toy tumblers" come from the late 19th century to the early 20th century, so the style of the glass often mimics a fancy cut glass pattern.  because they are so old, and were "played with" they often have small chips missing from their base or their rim.  also, since they were made as toys, the workmanship may not be as good as it would be on an "adult" glass of the period.  





as you can see from the photograph, they are usually smaller than a "standard" american shotglass, but about the same same size as a "slightly barrel shaped - small" glass which is quite common in europe which hold 20 ml or 2 cl of liquid.  most of the "toy tumblers" that i was able to find online are being sold as sets, with the price of over $10 per glass (even as a set missing the pitcher).  i do not know if you can get the same price for a single glass if you correctly identify it as a children's toy, but most of the ones that i have purchased as "shotglasses" were priced much lower.  the "toy tumblers" in the database can be found (along with a few others) by searching for the keyword  "toy" 



 tomorrow never dies
        somebody has provided me with information about the shotglasses from the movie "tomorrow never dies."  the glass appears to be a "vodka glass" from the boris collection of a uk glass maker called lsa international.  they can be purchased here.  thanks dmitrii!



 more shotglass origin info
	in my research into the origin of the shotglass i looked into when the word "shot" started
	to be used in association with drinking alcohol (or distilled spirits).  i was hoping that 
	it would be a rather recent 
	connection, but i was wrong.  i found a story from the 1830's that talked about the first 
	drink from a bottle to be the deadliest -- i assume because without a first drink you would 
	never have a second...  but in the story they talk about taking a shot from the bottle
	(but no mention of using a glass).

	the shotglass has its origin at the beginning of the 20th century.  manufacturing processes that made 
	glassware inexpensive probably played a part.  prohibition helped kill the thin-sided 
	"pre-prohibition sample glass."  soon after these stopped being made, the more 
	sturdy, thick-walled shotglass appears.  perhaps bartenders and/or owner of places that served 
	alcohol had been using the free glasses and liked them.  when the free ones were no longer 
	available they had to pay for a similar glass, and
	since they were spending their own money on them, they wanted something that would last, and started using thicker glasses.

	the research continues...   



 more disney shotglasses
	i have been collecting disney shotglasses for years, and have noticed that they 
        call them "toothpick holders."  on a recent trip i noticed that the receipt 
        listed an item as a "shotglass".  it looks like they are called "toothpick
        holders" at parks where alcohol is not served (such as the magic kingdom) and 
        are called "shot glasses" at parks where alcohol is served (such as epcot).



 more epcot shotglasses
        it is time for me to again write about one of the topics that i write
        about quite often: shotglasses from epcot at walt disney world.  there
        is a new group of shotglasses for the countries of the world showcase.
	these new glasses are a tall pilsner shape, with a white design.  the
	last epcot glasses were tall, flared glasses with a slight foot and 
	were not something that appealed to many collectors, so it is nice to 
	see a return to a more mainstream design.

	one of the odd things about the new glasses is that the norway glass, 
	while similar in design to the rest of the countries, is at least twice 
	as large as the other glasses.  also, while in the past you could 
	purchase a glass for sweden and denmark at the norway pavillion, there 
	are no other countries represented with the new design.  both the 
	china and japan pavillions did not have glasses in the previous, flared 
	design, and they do not have the latest design either.  they both still 
	have an older "standard" shaped glass.
      


 buying shotglass collections
 
      many people post on the message board that they are selling their collection, and i was wondering if 
      anybody has purchased any, and would like to share their experiences.  i have purchased a number of 
      collections, and most of my experiences have been less than good.  a while back i wrote about how to
      pack and ship shotglasses, and most of the sellers did not follow these simple rules, resulting in 
      lots of broken glasses. please post your stories on the message board.



 shotglass size 
 
      people love to argue about is the size of a "shot."  the main reason for the arguments (at least here 
      in the united states) is that there is no federal definition for the size of a shot.  this leaves it 
      up to the states to define the size of a drink, but most states do not have laws or regulations that 
      address the minimum size, or amount of alcohol, in a drink.  most of the states that have regulations 
      only address the maximum amount of alcohol that can be served to, or in the possession of a patron.

      

      while researching this i had found one attempt at creating an "official" definition for a shot in a 
      state (the state of new york tried to legislate the minimum size of a shot in 1947), but the bill was 
      not passed.  the next closest thing was a law in south carolina that required the use of mini bottles 
      (at first 1.5 ounces, and later 1.7 ounces) -- no shotglasses or free pours allowed.  this was repealed 
      a few years ago.  in march of this year, the state of utah changed their definition of a shot from one 
      ounce to one and one half ounces.  as far as i can tell, utah is the only state with a current law.  

      


 bejing olympics shotglass set 
 
      one of my favorite places to go on vacation is walt disney world.  one of the places to get shotglasses 
      at disney world is the world showcase at epcot.  for those who do not know what the world showcase is, 
      it is an area of the park where parts of various countries are reproduced, and staffed by residents of 
      the respective countries.  you can shop, eat and drink in eleven different countries.

	

	over the years, there have been a couple of different sets of glasses available at epcot.  these sets 
      usually have the flag of the country along with the name of the country.  there are often more than 
      eleven glasses in the set, as glasses from finland and sweden are available in norway, while nothern 
      ireland, scotland and wales glasses are available at the united kingdom pavillion.  these sets 
      are specific to epcot.

      

	there are occasionally other shotglasses available at the pavillions, usually representing some part 
      of the host country.  this year there was a set at the china pavillion that i just had to buy.  they
      have created a set of 38 shotglasses to commemorate the 2008 olympics in beijing.  there is one glass 
      for each of the sports.  i have many olympic shotglasses, but i have never seen a set with this many 
      glasses.  



 doc holliday's cup from the movie tombstone 
 
      i often get questions about shotglasses from the movies.  one of the most asked about "glasses" is the 
      small metal cup (with a handle) that was used by val kilmer in his role as doc holliday in the 1993 
      movie tombstone.  

	

      my usual answer to this question is that metal cups are easy to make on a small scale, and they often 
      have no maker's mark on them, so their origin is difficult to determine.  so even if i had the item in 
      front of me, i might not be able to determine where (or when) it was made.  trying to identify an 
      object from a movie is almost impossible.
	
      

      well, i decided to use some of my knowledge of the theater and movie making, and see if i could find out 
      more.  asking somebody to remember a small prop from a movie made over a dozen years ago is quite a 
      longshot, but as it turns out, i was able to contact someone from the the production who remembers 
      the cup.  if a prop comes from the property department (props) they will have more than one, just in 
      case one gets lost or damaged.  this cup stood out because there were no replacements, so when it went 
      missing, it had to be found.  most likely this cup was picked up in santa fe by val kilmer himself, 
      and he brought it to the set.  
	
      

      anybody in santa fe want to start checking out the local metalsmiths?
      


	

 shipping shotglasses

	i have purchased hundreds shotglasses on-line, and i have traded many glasses 
	with other collectors.  i have received packages where the glasses were well 
	protected, and glasses that were just dropped into an empty box with no padding, 
	or just mailed in a padded envelope (a bad idea!). i have received many broken 
	glasses, and while insurance can provide monetary reimbursement, it cannot 
	replace a "one-of-a-kind" item or complete a boxed set where one glass was 
	damaged, or repair an original box damaged in transit.  nothing can protect 
	against everything that a package will encounter on its trip, but here are a few 
	things that i have learned:

	
  crumpled newspaper is a bad packing material for 
		glasses unless it is compacted tightly
  put as much "stuff" between glasses as possible
  putting stuffing inside thin walled glasses helps them survive some 
		crushing
  many people remember to keep the glasses away from the sides of the 
		box, while others are good at keeping them away from the top and 
		bottom, but few keep them away from all sides
  most original packaging was not designed to survive shipping via ups 
		or usps
  if there is an original box and you can remove the glasses, wrap them 
		individually but do not put them back in the box unless there is 
		lots of extra room! in many boxes the slots were designed for the 
		glass, not the glass plus wrapping -- putting wrapped glasses back 
		in damages the box
  if there is an original box, with sufficient padding between the 
		glasses, wrap the box tightly (like a birthday present) so the top 
		cannot come loose, then put padding around it 
  if you remove the glasses from the original box, try to put something 
		in the box that will protect it from crushing, but that will not 
		damage the cardboard insert(s)
 more is better when it comes to padding 


	in the previous paragraph i mentioned insurance.  in general, insurance for 
	shotglasses is a waste of money (although some people think that a package 
	marked as insured will get better treatment.)  in order to make a claim, you 
	need the small, green insurance receipt, and most shippers do not put it in the 
	box.  if you have the receipt, and wish to make a claim, you need an independent 
	book or guide that identifies the glass and provides a value.  very few glasses 
	can be identified this way.
		



 reviews	

	anybody who visits this site on a regular basis will know that i occassionally 
	do reviews of shotglasses or shotglass related items.  if you have a new 
	shotglass or shotglass related item and would like me to review it, contact me 
	via the feedback  link.  
	i won't guarantee a favorable review, just an honest one :)

	


  i need your help!   

                i am in the process of trying to come up with guidelines for dating a glass 
                based on the shape of the glass, and what the maker's mark on the base of the 
                glass looks like. i am trying to determine the earliest use of a particular 
                style of glass and the range of dates that a particular maker's mark was in use. 
                for example, the libbey glass company recently changed the base of their glasses 
                -- the main mark is still a script upper-case l but the "mold numbers" are now 
                below the letter, while prior to 1998 they were to the left of the letter. 
                this is where you can help me. if you have any glasses that have a date 
                on them, such as those that were were made for a specific event, like a wedding, 
                or the superbowl, tell me the date, what the mark on the bottom of the glass 
                looks like (see my identification page ) and the 
                shape of the glass. also, some newer glasses have copyright dates on them, and 
                this information can be useful, but be aware that designs are usually 
                copyrighted before they are used. an example of this is the logo for the 1996 
                atlanta olympics -- it was copyrighted in 1992, so glasses with this design 
                might have been made 4 years before the "big" date. you can send me the 
                info by leaving feedback, or by leaving a message on the messageboard if you have a photograph, 
                and you have your own website, you can link to the photo in your messageboard 
                message. 
	

		thanks 
		
		              mark 
        	

main page article archive





















		like most web sites, this place is always being worked on. 
	        
		if you find a problem, let me know. 
		
		if you have something you would like to see, let me know. 
		
		if you like what you see, let me know

		                    -- mark 
	        














