



































































fremont tribune | breaking news | | read fremont, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















2°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



huskers



college



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



comics



games



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



pets



people



faith



travel



celebrations




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


fremont tribune



burt county plaindealer




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



diers ford



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

diers ford









2°
light snow
























        
        
            nebraska baseball blanks san diego state behind strong will walsh start

will walsh delivered a strong start and nebraska's bullpen finished off san diego state in the huskers' first shutout win of the year. 

















        
        
            nebraska men's basketball flips switch in second half for crucial comeback win at northwestern

for 25 minutes, a zombified version of nebraska sleepwalked through its game at northwestern. a different version of the huskers closed the game, regaining poise and physicality in time to pick up a crucial road win.

















        
        
            alexis markowski-led rally falls short as nebraska loses to big ten’s hottest team

alexis markowski led a late nebraska rally, but it wasn’t enough to overcome the illini — especially without britt prince, who left in the fourth quarter.

















        
        
            fred hoiberg cuts hand during halftime 'incident with a whiteboard'

nebraska played one of its worst halves of the year against northwestern, and fred hoiberg had the bandage to show for it. after the eventual comeback win, he said the injury came in a halftime "incident with a whiteboard."

















        
        
            moore: 3 takes from nebraska men's basketball's comeback win over northwestern

check out wilson moore's three takeaways after nebraska men's basketball's comeback win over northwestern.  

















        
        
            dominant nebraska softball weekend includes eye-popping offense

ava kuszak became the third husker in program history to hit three home runs in single game as nu wrapped up a 5-0 weekend.

















        
        
            nebraska's cam jurgens celebrates super bowl win with a beer-chugging, jerky-tossing week

former nebraska offensive lineman cam jurgens soaked in a super bowl win this week with an appearance on "the tonight show" and more following a breakout season with the philadelphia eagles.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            fred hoiberg cuts hand during halftime 'incident with a whiteboard'










        
        
            nebraska under an extreme cold warning until tuesday midday


















        
        
            dodge county real estate transfers















                
                the latest



















        
        
            fremont neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in fremont tribune 












        
        
            nebraska under an extreme cold warning until tuesday midday

on monday at 2:51 a.m. the national weather service issued an extreme cold warning valid from 6 p.m. until tuesday noon. the warning is for columbus area and fremont area as well as knox, cedar, thurston, antelope, pierce, wayne, boone, madison, stanton, cuming, burt, colfax, washington, but…





















        
        
            fremont neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in fremont tribune 












        
        
            update: cold weather advisory issued for nebraska until sunday morning

on sunday at 3:36 a.m. the national weather service issued an updated cold weather advisory in effect until 9 a.m. the advisory is for columbus area and fremont area as well as knox, cedar, thurston, antelope, pierce, wayne, boone, madison, stanton, cuming, burt, colfax, washington, butler a…












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after win vs. northwestern




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            half-court press part 1: creighton and...russia? nebraska's streak cooled by maryland












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after win vs. northwestern

nebraska's fred hoiberg after win vs. northwestern. video courtesy of nebraska athletics 




















        
        
            'for sharpie': gabe swansen's swats lift nebraska baseball over no. 16 vanderbilt

on the day after nebraska baseball lost play-by-play announcer greg sharpe, nu slugger gabe swansen helped delivered an emotional, upset win over no. 16 vanderbilt





















        
        
            half-court press part 1: creighton and...russia? nebraska's streak cooled by maryland

half-court press part 1: creighton and...russia? nebraska's streak cooled by maryland 




















        
        
            tigers run gambit of emotions at class a state tournament

fremont bowling experienced highs and lows at the 2024 edition of the class a state bowling tournament at sun valley lanes in lincoln.












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.












sponsored








        
        
            this sweet and savory holiday ham recipe will delight you and the whole family

content by nebraska pork producers association. pig farmer karen grant shares a wonderful easter ham recipe. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            schmidt public affairs



                                        917 prince st, alexandria, va 22314
                                    






















        
        
            busch equipment



                                        2810 38th street, columbus, ne 68601
                                    






























        
        
            senegal specialty contracting



                                        20332 husker dr ste d, gretna, ne 68028
                                    



 website
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15
























car





        
        
            p & l automotive - ad from 2025-02-14
























other





        
        
            wes ewasiuk - ad from 2025-02-16







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


burt county plaindealer

the plattsmouth journal

lincoln journal star

beatrice daily sun

columbus telegram

get healthy




services


subscribe

contact us

newsletters

work here

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        fremont tribune, 135 n. main st. fremont, ne 68025
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































