





liberal democrats































                        skip to main content
                    



















































































































































































































































































                            take action
                            
                                




                            explore
                            
                                









donate






join





















                                                        for everyone
                                                    





attend  events




back our  campaigns




become a  volunteer




vote for  us




sign up for email  updates




work for  us








                                                        for members
                                                    



join from £15/year






attend  conference




become an  activist




become a  candidate




members'  area









donate






join













                                                        about us
                                                    





our  party




our  people




latest  news




in your  community








                                                        what we stand for
                                                    





for a fair deal - manifesto 2024




our values




our campaigning victories








                                                        our networks
                                                    





business network




liberty network




the future fund




affiliated organisations




diversity groups




international









donate






join





























join the liberaldemocrats today
                        
                    


                    
                    more than 90,000 people are liberal democrat members. help us win a fair deal for britain by joining today.
                


    join today















for a

fair deal



    read our manifesto

view


















caring isn't just ed's story, it's the story of millions, caring for each other, dealing with tough times, and keeping going with love.
the liberal democrats will be the voice of carers every day, fighting their corner in parliament.











                    
                    meet ed davey
                

                    leader of the liberal democrats
                

ed davey is a husband, a father and a carer. he is the leader of the liberal democrats.

it is ed’s experience of caring that drives much of his politics, and motivates his tireless campaigning for a fair deal.


                    learn more about ed
                



                    our people
                


                    meet our representatives and candidates.
                



    learn more




























join us in harrogate:

register for conference now!



    register here


                        view
                    









            latest news
        



                view all
            















                    international affairs
                





                    ed davey marks holocaust memorial day 2025
                


                    today is holocaust memorial day. 
                


ed

by ed davey
27 jan 2025




        view
    









                    international affairs
                





                    britain leading again
                


                    the uk must once again stand tall, leading on the world stage and working closely with those who share our interests – including, above all, our partners in europe.
                


ed

by ed davey
16 jan 2025




        view
    









                    latest uk news
                





                    protecting children from sexual abuse
                


                    no child should ever have to experience sexual abuse. these are horrifying crimes that cause so much harm to the children who are victims. we will keep up the pressure so that the action needed to make our communities safe all children finally happens.
                


mw

by munira wilson
8 jan 2025




        view
    















sign upfor email updates


        oops! please check the fields below and submit again.
    


    looks like there was a problem with the submission. please check the fields below and try again.



        form successfully submitted
    








first name *






last name *






email address *

you can opt-out at any time




postcode






                                the liberal democrats may use the information you provide, including your political opinions, to further our objectives and share it with our elected representatives. any data we gather will be used in accordance with our privacy policy: libdems.org.uk/privacy. you can exercise your rights and withdraw your consent to future communications by contacting us: data.protection@libdems.org.uk or: dpo, lib dems, 1 vincent square, sw1p 2pn.
                            



sign-up











donateto fuel our campaigns



help us win

























the liberal democrats will use your contact details to send you information on the topics you have requested. any data we gather will be used in accordance with our privacy policy at www.libdems.org.uk/privacy. to exercise your legal data rights, email: data.protection@libdems.org.uk.


                
                    
                    
                    we take accessibility and your data privacy seriously. read our accessibility statement and cookie policy.
                
                

promoted by the liberal democrats, 1 vincent square, london sw1p 2pn.website by prater raines.






















this website uses cookies

                
                    like most websites, this site uses cookies. some are required to make it work,
                    while others are used for statistical or marketing purposes. if you choose not
                    to allow cookies some features may not be available, such as content from other
                    websites. please read our cookie policy for more information.
                
            














                                    essential
                                
essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the website to function properly.






                                    analytics
                                
statistics cookies collect information anonymously. this information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website.






                                    marketing
                                
marketing cookies are used by third parties or publishers to display personalized advertisements. they do this by tracking visitors across websites.




                        reject non essential
                    









