









rustic canyon golf course | moorpark, ca - home


















































 home      tee times


 (805) 530-0221      email      location



 home      tee times      contact 











golfcourse
golf coursehole by hole flyoverstee timesawards & accoladesrates & feespro shoppractice facilitiesgolf newsdining& events
rustic canyon grilloutings & tournamentsevents calendarrustic canyon men’s clubcertifiedinstruction
ryan kennedy, pgasteve holmes, pgacontactdirections
contact & directionsbuy a gift cardcustomer survey 
















 
slide1tee timesplay our 18 hole championship golf course. public welcome. book onlineslide2the courseconsistently ranked as one of the top courses in california.take a tourslide3golf ratesthe most affordable rates & specials in the area!click hereslide4rustic grillcome dine at our restaurant, open daily, non-golfers welcome!view menuslide6gift cardspick up a gift card or custom logo item from our golf shop today!click here 



 







welcome
welcome to rustic canyon golf course in moorpark, ca. all guests are invited to register to receive the latest news from the club and book tee times online. call the pro shop to reserve your tee time: (805) 530-0221 or book online via the link below.
book a tee time
ranked #57 in golfweek's best courses you can play 2022 (top 100 u.s. public-access courses ranked)ranked #5 in golfweek's best courses you can play 2022 (california public-access layouts)
















 




                                            welcome to rustic canyon golf course                    
                    
                
opening in 2002 to rave reviews, rustic canyon golf course is a tribute to the very roots of the game with a lay-of-the-land creation by gil hanse golf design. built without detailed blueprints or working drawings, hanse shaped the large contoured, free-form green complexes and sculpted the bunkers from the natural landscape preserving and incorporating into the design the native barrancas. the canyon hills are dotted with sagebrush, cactus, waves of brome, and stipa grass highlighted by a few picturesque oaks.
challenging the rustic canyon layout is an exercise in restraint, with flat, wide-open fairways that fade into the native surroundings and bunkers edged with shaggy eyebrows of thick, drooping fescue. the ground game is critical as the greens play to a bump & run approach. rustic canyon is a strategic course for golfers who savor the discovery of a proper approach position on an expansive fairway to best attack the green depending on the pin location.





 



















course















accolades















rates















tee times















outings and tournaments















calendar




















ready to book a tee time?

click here







 upcoming eventsno events

view full calendar
 in the news







                                                    gift cards                        
                        
                    
we now have gift cards available for purchase online. the perfect gift for birthdays, holidays, or any occasion. click below - it's easy and we'll ship anywhere you'd like!
gift cards






                                                    golf lessons                        
                        
                    
we've got an amazing pga certified golf instructor ready to help you take your game to the next level! see the 'golf instruction' tab above to learn more about ryan, then start your journey forward!
ryan kennedy















© rustic canyon golf course • 15100 happy camp canyon rd • moorpark, ca 93021tel: (805) 530-0221 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company    follow via facebookfollow via instagramfollow via youtubecontact us today!


















golfcourse
golf coursehole by hole flyoverstee timesawards & accoladesrates & feespro shoppractice facilitiesgolf newsdining& events
rustic canyon grilloutings & tournamentsevents calendarrustic canyon men’s clubcertifiedinstruction
ryan kennedy, pgasteve holmes, pgacontactdirections
contact & directionsbuy a gift cardcustomer survey


rustic canyon golf course15100 happy camp canyon rdmoorpark, ca 93021












 








