





welcome to radon-ease, inc.



















click here to view their stories





































































804-598-5267


p.o. box 6325
							richmond, va  23230
							e-mail:
							wally@radonease.com

							learn more 
							about radon at
							  


							the epa radon website







please report any problems 
							or broken links to
lisa@radonease.com

 

 


 



 yes virginia, there is a radon problem
(but only if you ignore it!)
one in four homes in central virginia has elevated radon levels as compared to one in fifteen nationally. this is an alarming fact that is not going away. since this odorless gas causes lung cancer second only to smoking, the only smart thing to do to protect your family, is to test your home to see if you are at risk.
testing is easy and inexpensive. radon-ease, inc. uses the latest computerized short-term testing procedures and equipment for maximum accuracy and integrity with minimal turnaround time. within 5 minutes the radon monitor is placed in your home and left to take hourly readings. when the monitor is retrieved at least 2 days later, the results are ready. you will know if you have a radon problem.
while radon-ease does not offer radon mitigation, elevated radon levels are easily correctable with remediation which also typically controls moisture, mold and mildew. this is an added benefit for those who suffer from these allergies. the cost of remediation depends on how your home was built and other factors. most homes can be fixed for about the same cost as other common home repairs, like painting or having a new hot water heater installed. the average cost ranges from
                            $1800.00 to about $3000.00.
you should also test your home again after it is fixed to be sure that radon levels have been reduced. if your living patterns change and you begin occupying a lower level of your home (such as a basement), you should retest your home on that level. in addition, it is a good idea to retest your home sometime in the future to be sure radon levels remain low.


surgeon general health advisory:
"indoor radon gas is a national problem. radon causes thousands of deaths annually. millions of homes have elevated radon levels. all homes should be tested for radon. when elevated radon levels are confirmed, the problem should be corrected."



 


 




							about us | services | faqs | area radon levels
request info | links | risk chart 
© 1987-2025 radon-ease, inc. | privacy statement
							this site was last updated tue, dec 27, 2022

 



 





