



skytopia : welcome to the highest place on the planet!






































music gallery

(aka soundburst shrine)
+ soundburst modules
greatest pop music
greatest classical music





art gallery

(aka waterfall views)
contents
ray-traced pictures
tube sleigh pics
stereoscopic pictures
fractal mountains
dreamscape art compo
animation factory





games

(aka leisure zone)
contents + overview
arcade trivia
gameplay ideals
records + high scores
top c64 game music
top snes game music
cacg fanzine
best 2-player games





articles & projects

(aka whirlpool of knowledge)

contents + description
misc articles
technology of dreams
fruit lowdown
rating music & chords
optical illusions
light/colour trivia
science trivia
super magnet

lucid dream journal
distance perception quiz
super impossible maths
the 12 note music scale
top keyboard demo music
rotating cube tutorial
battle of the web hosts
battle of the registrars
astragrid game
midi transform applet
mystery of 3d mandelbrot
mp3 player battle
infinitely fast cpu
opalcalc calculator



software gallery





fruit lowdown

(aka fruit emporium)





science trivia




guestbook


forum
about me
links



linking to this site
if you would like to link to this site, feel free to use one of the below banners on your site:

small
med
big
mega



news









welcome all!....

...to skytopia - around 58 trillion miles away from earth. no matter what your interests are, you're sure to find something that takes your fancy.








maybe first, you could view the skytopian picture


gallery.

or maybe you'd prefer listening to some uplifting
music


 - take your pick! there are articles and opinions
on the best games, and totally random stuff like the lucid dream
journal, 'world's most unanswered science'  project, or our
ramblings, er... views on how every picture or piece of music
can be rated on its own merits outside of personal preference. also, you'll 
find a special article giving the lowdown on every fruit - complete with ratings
for 'weirdness' and overall taste!



a must read for anyone who sees those strange
looking fruits with spikes at the supermarket, but hasn't got the nerve to buy the things ;-)













choose your destination:


































soundburst shrine




		the site's main feature. relax to the dreamy chords of 'sky city', or groove to the rhythm of 'new millennium'. complex and rich melodies are sure to keep you entertained and your speakers happy. oh, and don't leave without hearing the 'grand finale' of music!
		


waterfall views


		view the best art gallery in the world! colourful designs and intricate detail ensure a visual experience you won't forget. on offer is a multitude of pictures in ray-traced, mountain-esque and hand-drawn form. a real feast for the eyes.
		






		fruitemporium





		how much is a pineapple worth? is a strawberry really better than a cherry?
		what does that spiky fruit at the supermarket actually taste like - does it taste any good?
		where does the humble apple fit into all this?

		every fruit analysed and rated according to how weird they taste and how /good/ they taste.

		




whirlpool of knowledge



		a whole host of stuff - opinions and various projects, including quizzes, (unique) optical illusions, a humorous article on fruit and lots, lots more. discover the big deal behind 'lucid dreaming' and  have a chance to scientifically prove the existence of an afterlife - based on the 'near death experience' phenomenon.
		






leisure zone




		covering mainly the classic era with articles, reviews and trivia on hidden gaming treasures of the past. also containing a high score/level section, comparisons between different versions of games, articles, best game music charts and lots more!



		


science trivia




		* what weird and cool effects occur when two gigantic mirrors face each other?
		* what happens to water if you compress it more and more and more... (it can't just disappear)?
		* can liquid diamond be made and if so, what would it taste like theoretically?


		everyone who's just curious about science - up to the top expert on nuclear fusion - will find something here! hundreds of the most bizzare science questions are put to the test.
		











		if you have any comments about the site, visit the forum or feel free to email me.


disclaimer: all games, music and graphics on this site are copyright of their respective owners.  no part of this site may be copied or reproduced without the express permission of its owner. site design and contents created by daniel white copyright © 2002 onwards. all rights reserved.
		if anyone should wish to discuss a copyright issue concerning this site, please email me.
privacy policy: all information posted on the site (in the form of polls, forum posts etc.) is archived for fans and general users. it goes without saying that your private information (such as your email address or icq number) will never be sold in any way to a third party.
		we use third-party advertising companies (through google) to serve ads when you visit our website. these companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. please click here more info or to opt out.
		
		

		site hosted on neopages servers.




		










