


traditio traditional roman catholic network, including the official catholic directory of traditional latin masses















we are what you once were.
we believe what you once believed.
we worship as you once worshipped.
if you were right then, we are right now.
if we are wrong now, you were wrong then.
seek out exclusively the fully traditional catholic
latin mass, sacraments, doctrine, and morals.


qr code for traditio




we do not use cookies; we do not store any of your data; we do not publish advertising.




the traditional roman catholic network
"the independent voice of traditional roman catholicism since september 29, 1994"
and virtual encyclop&#230dia of traditional catholicism
with current church news and analysis
home of the official traditional catholic directory
the first traditional roman catholic web site
with more readers than any other fully traditional roman catholic site
one terabyte of traditional roman catholic information
"rupes inter fluctus, pharus in tenebris"







   subscribe to the free traditio rss feed
enter "http://www.traditio.com/rssfeed.xml" into your yahoo, google, microsoft, or other aggregator

traditio network's web site map - the traditio fathers at rome and worldwide

daily commentaries from the traditio fathers
(hard-hitting commentaries on recent church news
and readers' questions from an independent traditional catholic perspective)
official traditional catholic directory
listing all traditional latin masses and traditional resources for north america
(provided by the national registry of traditional latin masses)
library of files - faqs and traditional apologetics (answers your most common questions)
traditional liturgical calendar
ask the fathers
booksales
confraternity of st. michael
fr. denis fahey archive (provided by the fr. denis fahey project)
gregorian chant (provided by the st. john schola for gregorian chant)

holy cards, california missions & stations of the cross
novus ordo service photo gallery
papal photo gallery
prayers for the living and deceased, including a necrology of independent traditional catholic priests
special features (articles, reviews, sermons, other)
traditional catholic priests wanted and available
traditional latin mass, divine office & sacraments
















what's new on the traditio network?





investigate new items on the site

necrology of traditional catholic priests updated - 12/29/24
the necrology of traditional catholic priests has been updated to include now recently deceased traditional catholic priests, for a total of over 80.  (we do not include pseudo-traditional clergy, such as that of the neo-sspx of 1991+ and of the newchurch of the new order.)  for further information, click on the prayers for the living and deceased (including a necrology of traditional catholic priests) department.
official traditional catholic directory updated - 01/01/25
the traditio network has been informed by the national registry of traditional latin masses that the new january 2025 original edition of the 30th annual edition (2025) of the official traditional catholic directory, listing all traditional latin masses and traditional resources for north america has been published.  the directory is free as of 2024, but if you wish to support the continued publication of the directory, you may mail donations by cash, check, or money order to the confraternity of st. michael, 21128 baker road, castro valley, ca 94546, usa.  for further information, click on the  official traditional catholic directory department, provided to the traditio network by the national registry of traditional latin masses.  site representatives, be sure to check your traditional site's listing for correctness.
traditio's fully traditional liturgical calendar (1950) for 2025 - 01/01/25
the liturgical calendar for the fully traditional roman rite (1950), from before the corruptions introduced in the 1950s that culminated in the new latin mess of 1962, follows the rubrics of pope pius x for the universal calendar of the church, and has been updated for 2024 by our traditional catholic volunteer scott, who kindly provides this service for the traditio network's readers.  this calendar is one of traditio's most popular features, as the fully traditional catholic calendar used by traditional catholic priests and laypeople is not available elsewhere on the internet.  for further information, click on the traditional liturgical calendar department.
liturgical calendar and ordo recommendations - 01/01/25
around this time of year people look for a printed traditional catholic calendar and ordo for the next year.  the calendar and ordo that the traditio fathers recommend are both based upon the most traditional form of the roman rite, before the untraditional "modernizations" of 1951, 1956, 1960, and 1962.  they are the ones that correspond to the fully traditional version of the missale romanum and the breviarium romanum.  immaculate heart of mary church publications produces the best and most complete full-color calendar, both in the calendar's daily boxes and in the religious art that accompanies each month.  it contains full information about all feasts, commemorations, votive masses, fasts and abstinence, ember days, and more.  in the back matter there is excellently-summarized information about indulgences, fast and abstinence, and other practical matters.  the st. lawrence press produces the best and most complete annual ordo available, the ordo recitandi officii divini sacrique peragendi [order of reciting the divine office and carrying out the sacred rite], entirely in latin and in the traditional form.  it contains detailed information about the mass and divine office that priests and the most advanced laypeople use, much more complete in its detail than any calendar can give.  additional pages give the rubrics for solemn votive masses, conventual masses, and private votive masses and the text for the movable feasts sung on epiphany.  for further information, click on the traditio network's traditional liturgical calendar department.

read today's daily commentaries from the traditio fathers
where every day the traditio fathers provide hard-hitting commentaries on church news and readers' questions from an independent traditional catholic perspective.  the fathers' unique, provocative, often bitingly satirical commentary (after the roman satirist juvenal, st. thomas more and other saints of the church) is based upon over half a century's personal observation of the church, both pre- and post-vatican ii.
view the current monthly revised edition of the official traditional catholic directory, listing all traditional latin masses and traditional resources for north america
provided to the traditio network by the national registry of traditional latin masses






this more than 225-page e-book, issued in paperback since 1994 and as an ebook since 2006 in the universal and free adobe acrobat pdf format, includes the only complete list, by sponsoring organization, of the approximately 800 traditional catholic latin masses in the pre-vatican ii roman rite, regularly and publicly celebrated in north america, as well as contacts for mass sites outside north america.  it also includes a list of traditional catholic periodicals, suppliers, organizations, seminaries, religious orders, lay societies, retreats, schooling, and a necrology of traditional catholic priests.  site representatives, be sure to check your traditional site's listing monthly for correctness.  for further information, click on the  official traditional catholic directory department, provided to the traditio network by the national registry of traditional latin masses.




pray today's traditional divine office 
the most important prayer that the church offers to almighty god after the holy sacrifice of the mass, in the fully traditional catholic rite (1950).
see today's traditional liturgical calendar 
where the saint, rank, and color of the day are listed, together with any fast and abstinence applicable in the fully traditional catholic rite (1950).
listen to gregorian chant provided to the traditio network by the st. john schola for gregorian chant

the traditio network recommends the gregorian chant recordings of the st. john schola, 
which is recording a series in the universal mp3 format, consisting of live recordings of the type of chant pieces that may be used at traditional churches and chapels.  the series makes no pretense to being professional, but to what is achievable, with a little work, by the average small lay choir and to serve as a practical guide for the wider use of gregorian chant in the traditional roman catholic liturgy. for ordering information on the series, click on st. john schola:  a traditional chapel sings gregorian chant.

volume i:  christmas matins of the divine office-an abridgement (december 2006)
volume ii:  first mass of christmas (december 2006)
volume iii:  fourth sunday after epiphany (january 2007)
volume iv:  pentecost (may 2007)
volumes i-iv:  box collection (may 2007)
volume v:  14th sunday after pentecost (september 2007)
volume vi:  4th sunday after easter (february 2008)
volume vii:  basilica of sts. peter & paul (january 2009)
volume viii:  cantus populares-popular chants (december 2009)
volumes v-viii:  box collection (december 2009)
volume ix:  holy week and easter (february 2011)
volume x:  feast of the precious blood (november 2012)
















in addition to its series, the st. john schola has provided to the traditio network chant clips with supporting music sheets and booklets, which can be downloaded free of charge.  for further information, click on the traditio network's gregorian chant department.
have a fully traditional latin mass celebrated for your chosen intention 
it is possible to have a fully traditional latin mass celebrated for a particular person, living or 
deceased, or for a special intention.  for further information, click on faq02:  how i submit a mass intention? in the traditio network's library of files (faqs and traditional apologetics) department and then e-mail traditio about the availability of a mass date.  

review the booksales 
where the traditio network continuously offers for sale traditional catholic books and compact discs that are typically hard to find.  advance notice of this sale is sent to those on our booksale e-mail list.  if you would like advance notification of booksale announcements, simply e-mail traditio.
make a donation to the traditio network's  apostolate
if you wish to support the traditio network's apostolate, you may mail donations by cash, personal check, cashier's check, or money order to the confraternity of st. michael, 21128 baker road, castro valley, ca 94546, usa.  please provide your e-mail address for an acknowledgment.  contributors become benefactors of the confraternity and share in the fruits of the fully-traditional latin masses offered.

use the traditio network's search engine to find topics of interest on the traditio network





  


search this site 
or 

the web
      
powered by freefind


 


 
 site search
web search
freefind is not associated with the traditio network.








about us






the traditio network was selected by catholic riverside as the traditional catholic web site of the year for best "representing traditional catholicism and displaying a great love for jesus christ."








the traditio network was designated by the french traditional catholic organization as "the english-speaking world's strongest site for tradition." 









*the traditio network was determined by a statistical survey to be the most popular and longest-existing traditional roman catholic web site on the internet.








the traditio network was selected by the editors of the encyclopædia britannica as "one of the best on the internet when reviewed for quality, accuracy of content, presentation, and usability."









the traditio network was selected to receive the catholic award as "a quality catholic web site and for outstanding efforts made in propagating the catholic faith."  the criteria were catholic content, overall quality, navigability, and design appeal.









the traditio network was selected to receive the mary award from holland as "a quality catholic web site of great catholic thought that contains a great love for the blessed virgin mary."




contact us

if you have any questions, e-mail the  traditio network.


copyright © 1994-2024.  publication of any material from this site without explicit written permission is strictly prohibited.  references to the traditio network from external sites, or external advertisements that may appear below, do not necessarily indicate permission, approval, or even knowledge of such external sites or advertisements.  this site operates independently of any diocese, religious society, or other web site.  opinions are those of the respective authors only.   the information and materials contained in this web site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation any warranty of accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the information and materials, title, non-infringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer viruses.













