




	montezuma, ga - official city website































                        city of montezuma
                        p.o. box 388
                        montezuma, ga 31063
                        (478) 472-8144 
                        









                            great future…rich past…
                







city links




meeting minutes
code of ordinances
job openings opportunities
city calendar
annual financial reports 
annual budget
pay utility bill








city hall hours
			            mon, tue, thu, fri:
                                    8:30 a.m to 5:00 p.m
                                    wed: 8:30 a.m to noon
                                    478-472-8144
                                


                                        pay your traffic
                                        tickets online
                                    
                                    visit montezumapay.com 
                                    to pay your traffic citations online.
                                

simplify your life
have your city utility bill drafted from your account automatically on the due date.  there is no charge for this service.  come by city hall to sign up.



search





































welcome to the city of montezuma!
mayor nealie johnson and the montezuma city council welcome you to the home page for the great city of montezuma, georgia! we hope you find our site helpful in answering questions related to montezuma.
you may navigate through this site by clicking on the section titles at the top of each page or by using the links at the bottom of each page.
the mayor and council section contains a directory of montezuma's elected officials as well as minutes for recent city council meetings.
the departments section contains a directory of city departments as well as links to more information about each department.
the ordinances section contains a listing of recently passed as well as proposed ordinances. from here, you may view the full text of listed ordinances.
the employment section provides a listing of current job opportunities available with the city of montezuma.
the public meetings/events section contains a schedule of all meetings and events open to the public.
the contact us section provides mailing addresses, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers for contacting the city of montezuma. in addition it contains an on-line h.e.l.p. form for reporting problems and an on-line suggestion form for making suggestions that will enable us to serve you better.
thank you for visiting our site.



















 upcoming events



view city calendar









...loading weather data...




h:

l:





humidity:  wind: 



detailed forecast...







© 2025 montezuma, ga


sitemap

|

contact us

|

accessibility



















