






naps – passionate about air quality – we become what we breathe

































naps – passionate about air quality
we become what we breathe






sample page







the history and importance of workplace air quality standards
bykathy
uncategorized
april 4, 2022

it is generally agreed that air quality standards are necessary to protect public health. the first air quality standards were set in the united states in the early 1970s. 
these standards were based on studies of the effects of various pollutants on human health.  over the years, the standards have been revised and updated as new scientific information becomes available. in recent years, there has been increasing concern about the effects of particulate matter on human health. as a result, new standards for particulate matter have been proposed.  
the process of setting air quality standards is complex and involves input from many different stakeholders. the process is overseen by the environmental protection agency (epa). the epa sets national ambient air quality standards (naaqs) for six pollutants: carbon monoxide, lead, nitrogen dioxide, ozone, particulate matter, and sulfur dioxide.  to set these standards, the epa considers several factors, including:
the effects of the pollutant on human health the effects of the pollutant on the environment the costs of reducing emissions of the pollutant the availability of technology to reduce emissions of the pollutant 
after considering these factors, the epa sets a primary standard and a secondary standard for each pollutant. the primary standard is designed to protect public health with an adequate margin of safety. the secondary standard is designed to protect public welfare, including such things as visibility and property damage from acid deposition.
how to improve air quality at the workplace
it is no secret that poor air quality can have a negative impact on our health. in fact, according to the world health organization, poor air quality is responsible for over 4 million premature deaths each year. what is less well known, however, is that poor air quality can also have a significant impact on our productivity at work. 
a recent study by the university of nottingham found that workers in office buildings with poor air quality were up to 10% less productive than those in office buildings with good air quality. the study also found that workers in office buildings with poor air quality were more likely to report sick days due to headaches, dizziness, and nausea. this is one of the main reasons why scientists have called on the cdc to finally set air quality standards for workplaces.
so what can be done to improve air quality at the workplace? here are a few ideas:  
1. increase ventilation 
one of the best ways to improve air quality is to simply increase ventilation. this will help to remove any airborne contaminants that may be present in the air.  
2. use air purifiers  
another way to improve air quality is to use air purifiers. air purifiers can remove a variety of airborne contaminants, including dust, pollen, and bacteria.  
3. improve housekeeping  
poor housekeeping can contribute to poor air quality. be sure to keep the workplace clean and free of dust and dirt.  
4. no smoking  
smoking is a major contributor to poor air quality. if you must smoke, do so outside and away from the workplace.  
5. educate employees  
make sure your employees are aware of the importance of good air quality. encourage them to practice good hygiene and to report any problems they may have with the air quality in the workplace.
air quality for people with asthma
it is estimated that over 25 million people in the united states have asthma. this chronic lung condition can make everyday activities, such as walking, talking, and even breathing, a challenge. people with asthma are also at an increased risk for other health problems, such as bronchitis, sinus infections, and pneumonia.  
there are many things that can trigger an asthma attack, including cold air, exercise, pollen, dust, smoke, and strong emotions. in some cases, weather changes can also play a role. for example, barometric pressure changes can cause the airways to constrict, making it difficult to breathe.  while there is no cure for asthma, there are treatments that can help control the symptoms and prevent attacks. 
one of the most important things people with asthma can do is to avoid triggers that can cause an attack. in many cases, this means staying indoors on days when the air quality is poor.  air quality can be affected by a number of factors, including emissions from factories and power plants, car exhaust, and even household cleaning products. in general, the more pollutants there are in the air, the worse it is for people with asthma.  
there are a few things you can do to improve air quality in your home if you or someone you live with has asthma. first, try to avoid using cleaning products that contain harsh chemicals. stick to natural or gentle cleaners instead. you should also avoid using scented candles or air fresheners, as these can also trigger asthma attacks.  in addition, make sure to keep your house well-ventilated. 
this means opening windows and doors on a regular basis to let fresh air in. you may also want to invest in an air purifier to help remove pollutants from the air inside your home.  by taking these steps, you can help create a safer and healthier environment for yourself or someone you love who suffers from asthma.


change can be hard
bykathy
uncategorized
november 17, 2021

it feels like something that was once very important to you has moved to the back burner of life. for some people, this is an intense feeling of the loss of some aspect of one’s identity.  perhaps this time in your life is prompting some sort of depression or state of malaise.  life is passing you by while you wait for things to get better.
preoccupied with this one thing that has slipped down the ladder on the things you care about, it is easy to feel lost, hopeless, or defeated. perhaps your focus is on your job or work that doesn’t feed your heart or soul. perhaps you are consumed with escaping something that feels negative or overwhelming. it can become a vicious cycle that begins to define you.in the beginning, it may have been a step that you took that turned out to be a bad decision. the lingering feeling is that you’ve taken a wrong turn. rather than proceed in a new direction, you were trapped in a non-starter. commonly, there is a lost emphasis on what you feel is important in life. if things keep going the way they are going, life will be a continuous disappointment.
when your life is a daily grind, you tend to be defensive about any attempts to make a change. it feels like the thing that is important to you has been lost forever. you may have made a bad decision that left you off in a bad direction. you feel that you’re in the wrong place in your life.
you’re trapped in a pattern of disappointment. bitterness, anger, resentment, and a sense of defeat overwhelm you. it is easy to feel hopeless when you have been disappointed so many times without a positive result.
you have been in a negative pattern of self-sabotage.  in your mind, you aren’t good at the thing you care about.  you don’t think you can ever escape from your negative patterns.  it’s easier to be critical and close your heart to the very thing you feel you’re missing in your life.





made with pacer. powered by wordpress.





