












home


























                  

 

 

 





     home



  about us


   safety is job #1



  our staff



  board of directors





  programs


   character & leadership



  education & career



  health & lifeskills



  sports, fitness & recreation



  the arts



  youth of the year





  news & events





   contact



  forms



  pledge for kids



  monthly calendar






   

call now








    
 





         

donate now!




    




       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button










    who we are
  boys & girls clubs of manteca and lathrop meet the need the boys & girls clubs of manteca and lathrop have been serving the manteca community since 1982. our organization serves over 600 members per year. the club's goal is to provide a safe and positive learning environment so that our kids can reach their full potential as productive, caring and responsible adults.         

read more




   



   when it comes to our club kids -
safety is our priority!



       

    

button




  

    

button










   



   when i grow up i want to be a. . .



   



    please join us at the club!
annual membership $60.00
scholarships available.





   545 west alamedamanteca, ca 95336(209) 239-kids



  


   school days: 
m - f 3:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.musd minimum days:12:30 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.summer & some holidays: 
m - f 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.ages: 
6 years old in 1st grade 
to 18 years old in 12th grade. 
parent must provide proof of age 
and grade level for all 6 year-olds.
    our partners & sponsors




  
 thank you to our generous partners & sponsorsat the boys and girls clubs of manteca and lathrop, we are deeply grateful for the unwavering support of our community sponsors. their generosity and commitment make a significant difference in the lives of the young people we serve.contributions have enabled us to: renovate our facilities: creating a safe, welcoming, and inspiring environment for our members.expand our mentorship programs: providing guidance, support, and positive role models for our young members.enhance our educational resources: ensuring our kids have access to the tools they need for academic success.
our heartfelt gratitudewe extend our heartfelt thanks to each of our sponsors for believing in our mission and investing in the future of our community’s youth. your support not only helps us maintain our current programs but also allows us to dream bigger and do more for the children and teens we serve.together, we are building a brighter future. thank you for being an integral part of our boys and girls clubs family.   










      



   locate us  


   follow us
  

 

 





 contact us
  physical address: 
545 w. alameda street
 manteca, ca 95336

mailing address:
p.o. box 1061
manteca, ca 95336
phone: 209-239-kids

















































































































  
  share by:








