


arrogantly shabby lounge





















    
	arrogantly shabby lounge
	
  
welcome to a little island paradise where shabby is always chic.grab your favourite beverage, pull up a chair and listen to the surf.oh, and pass the shrimp.





friday, march 17, 2006



	 
	 how irish am i?
	 
    


you're 55% irishyou're very irish, and most likely from ireland.(and if you're not, you should be!)how irish are you?wow!imagine how irish i'd be if i actually drank!  lol



posted by elizabeth at 3/17/2006 04:32:00 am
5 comments






wednesday, march 15, 2006



	 
	 picture yourself as a south park character
	 
    


have you ever wondered how you would look as a south park character? now that isaac hayes has left the show, perhaps there's now an opening for a new character ...a new south park you!



posted by elizabeth at 3/15/2006 11:56:00 pm
1 comments






monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 the sexy name decoder...
	 
    


suzer made me do it! 



posted by elizabeth at 3/13/2006 07:52:00 am
2 comments






sunday, march 12, 2006



	 
	 spring has sprung
	 
    


although it won't be officially spring for a couple more weeks, you can't point out things like that on a calendar to mother nature.  she makes up her own mind!  the yellow snow is falling and benedryl sales are rising.    here, the wild azaleas are blooming.



posted by elizabeth at 3/12/2006 01:36:00 am
0 comments






saturday, march 11, 2006



	 
	 annie proulx bashes the oscars.
	 
    


yes, annie proulx, the author of brokeback mountain, is upset that the film based upon her short story was not the recipient of the best picture oscar.  neither is she happy that the acting awards went elsewhere.hollywood loves mimicry, the conversion of a film actor into the spittin' image of a once-living celeb. but which takes more skill, acting a person who strolled the boulevard a few decades ago and who left behind tapes, film, photographs, voice recordings and friends with strong memories, or the construction of characters from imagination and a few cold words on the page? i don't know. the subject never comes up.she critiques the show in an article for the guardian unlimited:there were montages, artfully meshed clips of films of yesteryear, live acts by famous talent, smart-ass jokes by jon stewart who was witty and quick, too witty, too quick, too eastern perhaps for the somewhat dim la crowd.i find it rather amusing that while middle-america fusses about hollywood being too edgy and too out of touch with american values, annie proulx calls hollywood "provincial" for not selecting "her" film as the top film.despite the technical expertise and flawlessly sleek set evocative of 1930s musicals, despite dolly parton whooping it up and itzhak perlman blending all the theme music into a single performance ... there was a kind of provincial flavour to the proceedings reminiscent of a small-town talent-show night.annie also describes protesters she saw as her limo approached the theatre.  i don't know why i'm surprised that protesters would show up to decry gays in movies.  the episcopal church is undergoing a schism over a gay bishop who was ordained last year.  why shouldn't the closed minded also protest at the oscars over the presumed win of brokeback mountain?



posted by elizabeth at 3/11/2006 03:47:00 am
0 comments






friday, march 10, 2006



	 
	 hells angels sue disney...  no, really!
	 
    


the hells angels "motorcycle club" is suing  walt disney co..  the hells angels suit claims that a planned movie, called "wild hogs", about a group of motorcycle riders infringes on its trademark name and skull logo.think about it...  outlaw bikers sue one of the most litigious and trademark protecting companies over...  trademark infringement.  you gotta laugh.  :)



posted by elizabeth at 3/10/2006 04:20:00 am
0 comments






wednesday, march 08, 2006



	 
	 have you ever seen a yeti?
	 
    


betcha didn't know that yeti existed, didja?well, this yeti lives deep in the pacific and it's a crab!  or a lobster thingee!  it's a furry crustacean at any rate. :)it's called kiwa hirsute which basically means "furry goddess of shellfish."



posted by elizabeth at 3/08/2006 04:48:00 am
0 comments






monday, march 06, 2006



	 
	 out of touch and proud of it...
	 
    


this, from his oscar acceptance speech, is one of the reasons that george clooney is my pretend movie boyfriend:"and finally, i would say that, you know, we are a little bit out of touch in hollywood every once in a while. i think it's probably a good thing. we're the ones who talk about aids when it was just being whispered, and we talked about civil rights when it wasn't really popular. and we, you know, we bring up subjects. this academy, this group of people gave hattie mcdaniel an oscar in 1939 when blacks were still sitting in the backs of theaters. i'm proud to be a part of this academy. proud to be part of this community, and proud to be out of touch."not, of course, that i agree unreservedly with his assessment.  i do think hollywood is largely out of touch with the sensibilities of a significant portion of their audience.  i think there is a fundamental lack of respect and an underestimation of both the audience's intelligence and its desires.no, what i like about clooney's statement is the heartfelt belief that hollywood can change things for the better; that it can be the leading edge of the nation's opinions about social and societal issues.  this is optimism about what can be good about the arts and the art of filmmaking.



posted by elizabeth at 3/06/2006 03:07:00 am
0 comments






sunday, march 05, 2006



	 
	 the bride
	 
    


my cousin, holly, the lady of the hour.



posted by elizabeth at 3/05/2006 03:21:00 pm
0 comments






friday, march 03, 2006



	 
	 bells will be ringing...
	 
    


i'm going to be out of town this weekend to see my cousin and her fiance wed and blend their families together.  my best wishes to holly, keven, ashley, kristen, and bailey!



posted by elizabeth at 3/03/2006 01:08:00 am
0 comments






sunday, february 26, 2006



	 
	 daisy and the dog show...
	 
    


daisy really got a kick watching last month's fifth annual akc/eukanuba national championship dog show.



posted by elizabeth at 2/26/2006 03:32:00 am
2 comments






friday, february 24, 2006



	 
	 how am i defined in the dictionary?
	 
    


stolen from hal:elizabeth --[noun]:a poltergeist sent back in time to change the course of history forever'how will you be defined in the dictionary?' at quizgalaxy.com



posted by elizabeth at 2/24/2006 02:50:00 am
0 comments






thursday, february 23, 2006



	 
	 who was i in a past life?
	 
    


in a past life...you were: a happy go lucky belly dancer.where you lived: tibet.how you died: natural causes.who were you in a past life?



posted by elizabeth at 2/23/2006 03:03:00 am
0 comments






wednesday, february 22, 2006



	 
	 mmmmmm...  donuts!
	 
    


oh, goody, my favourite kind!you are a glazed donutokay, you know that you're plain - and you're cool with that.you prefer not to let anything distract from your sweetness.your appeal is understated yet universal. everyone dig you.and in a pinch, you'll probably get eaten.what donut are you?



posted by elizabeth at 2/22/2006 03:35:00 am
0 comments











about me

name:  elizabeth 
location:  united states 
elizabeth is a spec screenwriter from the deep south.she is moderatrix and webmistress of behind the celluloid curtain, a private bbs for entertainment industry professionals ... and actors.she was the leather-clad marshmallow with a whip, junior pooper scooper, and chief bottlewasher at the infamous wolfesden actor exchange, alongside friend and notorious den founder sterling wolfe, before its untimely demise due to termite infestation.
if found wandering around aimlessly, please feed her cheese doodles, return her to her home in the swamp, and release.
view my complete profile

previous posts

how irish am i?
picture yourself as a south park character
the sexy name decoder...
spring has sprung
annie proulx bashes the oscars.
hells angels sue disney...  no, really!
have you ever seen a yeti?
out of touch and proud of it...
the bride
bells will be ringing...

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006

website links

behind the celluloid curtain
diamond t
wolfesden
the screenwriter fortnight
nanowrimo
razzie awards

cellmates' blog links

æsop is deadby barry carver
finding my voiceby tracy eliott
stephon's world!!! "my long ass blog" an actor's journey ...by stephon elliot
bonblogs ... a work in progressby bonnie gillespie
hostess of the all-night party in room 7609by amy harber
xaatmby susan jones
the wicked stageby rob kendt
on a positive note ...by aleta lindsay
some stuffby bill lippincott
broad rangeby debra mccarthy
stuff my head spits outby julie o'malley
the way of halby hal perry
pretzizponderingplaceby christine simonson
communicatrixby colleen wainwright

scriboshere blog links

one slack martian's screenwriting blog
kung fu monkey
the screenwriting life
this autumn evening
adventures in storytelling
alligators in a helicopter
blimps are cool
by ken levine
chris soth
complications ensue
could you describe the ruckus
everyone has reversals
fencing with the fog
fun joel
harvest home
it beats working a 9-5
johnaugust.com
konrad west
lack of faith
lee goldberg
man bytes hollywood
mental origami
moviequill
plot point zero
red right hand
scriptweaver
the american knight
the awful writer
the daily pitch
the pen is mighter than the spork
the thinking writer
the write brother
the write way
this savage art
writergurl

cool blog links

übermilf
go fug yourself
television without pity
defamer

thespian blog links

pauley p dot com
george takei
scenes from a charmed life

screenwriting competitions:

appalachian film festival (march 4th)
moondance (april 1st)
scriptapalooza (march 3rd; april 14th)
nicholl fellowships (may 1st)
script p.i.m.p. writing competition (may 1st)
sundance institute (may 1st)
austin film festival (may 15th; june 1st)
slamdance feature screenplay competition (february 24th; june 2nd)

scripts being worked upon:

'dem bones




untitled high concept ;)




mission: mars!




twin trouble





scripts (supposedly) finished:

semi-sweet




grace

























































copyright © 2006 elizabeth tindal  



