










home - michigan homecare & hospice association
























































 
 





















skip to content














 
loginfind a provideradvocacy











facebook





linkedin





instagram






































menu 
homeabout about us board of directors contact us staff hall of fame job postingsmember center member directory membership applications membership benefits newsletter committees public policy action center listservs/forumsevents events calendar 2025 annual conferencepatients & families what is home care what is hospice what is palliative care find a provider we honor veterans auto no-fault post 2019 auto no-fault provider denials stop fraudmember login








 















 
welcome tomichigan homecare & hospice association!


about us


 


 
check out our upcoming events!the michigan homecare and hospice association is a premier provider of education for the care at home industry.


register here


 


 
become a member!we are your advocate, your partner and your support.


join now


 






























michigan homecare & hospice association






established in 1981, the michigan homecare & hospice association is the state trade association for providers of home care. the association provides a unified voice for all segments of home care and promotes high standards of patient care. the association advocates for the role of home care services within the total health care system

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				






















mark your calendar










view all events





































learn more





















 
is your family searching for care? 
find a mhha member near you or learn more about home care and hospice services.
find a member 














 
benefits of being a member 
being an mhha member provides a ton of benefits. view how being a member can help you.
member benefits 














 
being an advocate for home care 
view how mhha advocates for home care services and the initiatives that are underway.
how we advocate 



























join today










 












© 2025 michigan homecare & hospice association
 | 
site by growthzone



































michigan homecare & hospice association









address




2140 university park drive, suite 220, okemos, mi 48864 










phone icon




(517) 349-8089 










fax icon




(517) 349-8090 










envelope icon




email us 













facebook





linkedin





instagram



















 © 2025 michigan homecare & hospice association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















