






 



sctdv – culture, education, community, infrastructure, economy






















































home
tdv
tdvnet

tdvnet account


rez valley studio

rezvalleystudio.com


acorn media

acornmedia.org


faqs
news
resources

culture
health
history
legal services
library
museums
resource programs
scholarships
sports & fitness
tribal college programs
tribal education programs
tribes


contact us












 


× facebook 


×
















 





providing wireless broadband service to san diego’s tribal and rural communities.








reservation service areas for community buildings, programs, and tribal homes
palapaumala jollarinconsanta ysabelmesa grandelos coyotessan pasqualcampomanzanita
available monthly subscriptions
tier 1 – $24.95 tanf participants only (2mbps download/2mbps upload)tier 2 – $34.95 (6mbps download/3mbps upload)tier 3 – $64.95 (15mbps download/5mbps upload)business tiers are also available$100 installation fee$250 early cancellation fee (before 1 year of service)
tdvnet’s broadband network deployment
we are currently doing installs in la jolla



the southern california tribal chairmen’s association(sctca) is addressing the lack of internet access for its tribal communities, taking their wireless broadband network to the next level of support for its communities, the “tribal home”. it has been a long term goal of the tribal digital village(tdv), an sctca program that spawned the tdv network (tdvnet) back in 2001 to bring internet services to our key community buildings and programs. we have done the ground work to support key community operations on reservations, and created over 350 miles of point-to-point and point-to-multi-point links supporting 86 tribal buildings, i.e.- tribal administration buildings, epa departments, fire stations, law enforcement, utilities departments, and libraries, schools and head start programs. we have the infrastructure in place to support such an endeavor, and the desire from the people to have access to broadband. we are actively deploying the next phase of tdvnet’s deployment.
read more…




















facebook 
contactmonday - friday
8am - 4:30pmpala indian reservation(760) 742-0582 ext. 134
 





 
 copyright © 2017 sctdv. all rights reserved. 

 




























































