



city pulse
































































 log in

                advertise              

                city pulse store              

                classifieds              

                contact us              

                where to find a paper              

                support us              






                  sunday, february 16, 2025                














advertise


donate






advertise







donate











toggle navigation





            main menu          









• 









•news                       









 
pączki king retains his crown at qd's annual contest

thursday, feb. 13 — akiem harshman lives in grand rapids now, but the lansing  …




 
eyesore of the week: 525 s hayford ave., lansing





 
celebration amid uncertainty: msu opens multicultural center





 
grassroot anti-trump protest draws hundreds to the state capitol





 
if the iceman cometh to lansing schools, bring a warrant









•a&c                       










 
detroit accents

detroit native don was has performed worldwide, recorded the rolling stones at his  …




 
colorful new book highlights historic michigan food brands





 
it’s monk’s time





 
public art of the week





 
lansing’s first family of food









•food                                          









•events                                          









•opinion                                          









•lansterdam                                          









•archives                       







e-editions


local experts


radio/tv



e-editions


local experts


radio/tv






•lansing guru                                          









•public notices                                          









•sponsored content                                          











log in






















pączki king retains his crown at qd's annual contest










						thursday, feb. 13 — akiem harshman lives in grand rapids now, but the lansing native still comes back for quality dairy donuts. 

 and today he successfully defended his crown as quality  …					



detroit accents










						detroit native don was has performed worldwide, recorded the rolling stones at his house and won six grammy awards over his decades-long career, but one thing he’s never done is perform in lansing.					



a sure thing for schor? incumbent has big edge in mayoral contest










						lansing mayor andy schor is for sure running for a third term, but the question remains who will run against him.					



it’s monk’s time










						don’t get pianist rick roe started on the subject of his favorite musician and composer, thelonious monk, unless you’re ready for an instant and intensive lesson in music, psychology, philosophy and life in general.					



tanuki’s trading post offers collectibles and community










						when anime enthusiast brandon carlson became frustrated with the lack of japan-centric hobby shops in lansing, he saw an opportunity.					



looking on the bright side at sunnyside cafe










						it’s been a dark and dreary winter full of even drearier breaking news; a respite must be found somewhere, and tasty food is a pretty reliable pick-me-up.					







city pulse news







						eyesore of the week: 525 s hayford ave., lansing					


					525 s hayford ave., lansing

this 800 square-foot home between marcus and elizabeth streets, a block and a half south of kalamazoo avenue, has been red-tagged by the city since 2019.				










						celebration amid uncertainty: msu opens multicultural center					


					wednesday, feb. 12 —michigan state university celebrated the opening of its new multicultural center friday. 

 the $38 million building is the culmination of decades of advocacy by the  …				






			read more local news			




sponsored content 






								rise unveils new transdermal patch: a game-changer in health & wellness							


							from tablets to tinctures, and topicals to concentrates, rise has been leading the charge in making cannabis-based wellness options available for those seeking a natural or alternative remedy. 

  …						

 








advanced search








by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from city pulse. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every email.


			read more			






read the e-edition










browse previous issues





2024 tax insert






 







rewind: news from the last 7 days

							the lansing school board has approved a policy change to eliminate information about students’ addresses, birth places and telephone numbers in the district’s directory. the  …						



food

top 5 chinese restaurants




							based on your votes in city pulse’s 2024 top of the town contest. bon appétit!						


a decadent treat for valentine’s day




							tart, red cherries and valentine’s day seem to be the perfect pair. not only do cherries align with a valentine’s day color scheme, but they even resemble little hearts when hanging from their stems.						


lansing’s first family of food




							to put the lansing foodies group and its jaw-dropping 75,600-person facebook membership in some perspective, consider that a google search of similar foodie groups in grand rapids and detroit,						











i heart mac & cheese is a dairy lover’s dream

							in first grade, when asked what my favorite food was, i said macaroni and cheese. maybe i only chose it so i could stand out from all the other kids who chose pizza, but back then, i couldn’t get enough of the kraft macaroni.						









top 5 chicken strips/tenders

							based on your votes in city pulse’s 2024 top of the town contest. bon appétit!						









top 5 burgers

							based on your votes in city pulse’s 2024 top of the town contest. bon appétit!						




 





facebook



opinion

rebuilding lansing’s downtown neighborhood: an update




						as we ponder our downtown these days, most of us think of government offices (drastically reduced by the exodus of 30,000 state workers since covid);					


u.s. senate race comes down to three questions, other fun facts 




						i could spend this week’s entire column on the behind-the-scenes jockeying over who will succeed retiring u.s. sen. gary peters.  					







 






 arts & culture













colorful new book highlights historic michigan food brands
if gail offen and jon milan weren’t the authors of the new book “classic michigan food and drinks,” they could easily make a living as circus barkers, and i mean that in a good way.










public art of the week
784 wilson road, east lansing 

 the michigan state university college of veterinary medicine is worth a trip for its terrific animal sculptures and artwork. 

 the most spectacular is  …










‘there are many layers to this’
quiet spaces for meditation and healing, sobering visual reminders of the scope and impact of gun violence in america and calls to action are all part of a new exhibit at michigan state university’s broad art museum, “art in the aftermath: healing gun violence through artivism.”







				more arts and culture...				


 












						‘black or white,’ it’s not ‘bad’ to enjoy ‘mj’ the musical — it’s just ‘human nature’					


					if you never had the chance to see michael jackson perform live, here’s a brief glimpse at what you missed.  				








						2025 michigan notable books run the gamut					


					“big gretch” is on the promotion trail for the young-adult version of her memoir, “true gretch,” which was recently selected as a michigan notable book for 2025.				








						even non-fans will be thrilled with ‘mj’ the musical					


					devin bowles wasn’t a big michael jackson fan. but when he saw “mj” the musical on broadway — the first of many viewings for him — he knew he wanted to be in the show.				









lansterdam

what does a trump presidency mean for cannabis?




						as the first weeks of president donald trump’s second term wind down, the cannabis industry is holding its breath.					

 






calendar  of events








the best events listings in lansing
 


 

 












 


v


  
  






            1905 e. michigan ave.lansing, mi 48912
(517) 371-5600
where to find us



sections


                    home                  
                    news                  
                    a&c                  
                    food                  
                    events                  
                    opinion                  
                     lansterdam                  
                    archives                  
                    classifieds                  
                    public notices                  
                    guest posts                  
                    sponsored content                  
 



meet the staff

lee purdy
sales executive
after working in the dairy industry for 35+ years, i am finding city pulse a challenging and rewarding new start. helping businesses get their message out is an exciting and gratifying experience.
you can reach lee at: 
lee@lansingcitypulse.com
                
                                  or
                
                                  (517) 999-5064







connect with us

advertise







contact us





          © copyright 2025 city pulse | 
          privacy policy


powered by creative circle media solutions









x

























