


  




































because your healthcare shouldn't wait | genesis healthcare system


























    skip to main content





                      find doctors pay my bill request appointment mychart 
      



       services        primary care heart & vascular orthopedics cancer care surgical services neurosciences emergency & trauma women's services search all services lung care hospice care     find locations        genesis hospital genesis coshocton medical center genesis perry county medical center genesis orthopedic center primary care search all locations     patients        contact us financial help patient experience patient guide request medical records telehealth and virtual visits covid-19 information what is mychart?     visitors        hospital hours parking dining gifts visitors policy campus map locations     our impact        ways you can help exceptional care community commitment community benefit report community health needs assessment media & publications patient stories about us better begins here genesis healthcare foundation     your health        sounds of good health podcast classes & events health library news patient stories wellness resources     careers        current job openings nursing careers physician opportunities benefits at genesis     
         










             


 
     genesis hospital has been recognized with a five-star overall hospital quality star rating.  by u.s. centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms).  learn more            find doctors        search services        request an appointment        mychart login          
     better begins here  better begins here is the genesis of today. it's a constant reminder that we are committed to delivering our mission - to serve our community by helping each person achieve optimal health and well-being by providing compassionate, exceptional, and affordable healthcare services.   one of america's top 100 hospitals 3 years in a row   a top 50 heart hospital as ranked by fortune magazine and pinc ai   5-star overall hospital quality rating u.s. centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms)   $42m invested in community development and health initiatives    see how better begins here             
     innovative & compassionate care        heart & vascular   heart & vascular     lung care   lung care     orthopedics   orthopedics     cancer care   cancer care     neurosciences   neurosciences     emergency & trauma   emergency & trauma     surgical services   surgical services     women's care   women's care         search all services         
 
               genesis coshocton medical center   visit our new facility online through an interactive 360 virtual tour.
   take a virtual tour          
  learn more about genesis coshocton medical center     
   
 
 
 
     patient stories       

         anxiety or a heart attack      dean thought he was doing everything he could to take care of his heart. however, he didn’t consider his family’s history of heart disease.    




    

         coshocton native values high-quality, local surgical care      “everyone at genesis was so welcoming and informative,” said matt. “you can tell that they have careers they love.”    

         coordinated cancer care close to home      halle schoener randles had no symptoms of cancer. in fact, she wouldn’t have known about the critical care she needed if she hadn’t sought treatment for a kidney stone.    

         a big loss for a healthier life      with her efforts and the help of the genesis weight loss program, she is down 51 pounds and is not stopping.    

         cycling to recovery: heart care close to home       pastor andy winters has returned to his active lifestyle following a sudden heart attack. he encourages others to trust their medical symptoms and seek help as soon as possible.      




          
                   anxiety or a heart attack      dean thought he was doing everything he could to take care of his heart. however, he didn’t consider his family’s history of heart disease.    
          coshocton native values high-quality, local surgical care      “everyone at genesis was so welcoming and informative,” said matt. “you can tell that they have careers they love.”    
          coordinated cancer care close to home      halle schoener randles had no symptoms of cancer. in fact, she wouldn’t have known about the critical care she needed if she hadn’t sought treatment for a kidney stone.    
          a big loss for a healthier life      with her efforts and the help of the genesis weight loss program, she is down 51 pounds and is not stopping.    
          cycling to recovery: heart care close to home       pastor andy winters has returned to his active lifestyle following a sudden heart attack. he encourages others to trust their medical symptoms and seek help as soon as possible.      
         


         view all patient stories    
 
  ready to take the next step in your journey?   make an appointment to see how genesis healthcare system can help
   schedule online      call to schedule      

     

 

     
      discover more      news        genesis hospital awarded five-star 2024 u.s. centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) overall hospital quality star rating         wellness        is your skin ready to brave the winter air?         community involvement        supporting a stronger community        
 
  supporting healthcare in our communities   the genesis healthcare foundation is here to promote charitable support for genesis healthcare system. find more ways you can help.
   genesis healthcare foundation      

 


                             
2951 maple ave. 
zanesville, oh 43701

(740) 454-4000
(800) 322-4762   resources resources  genesis connect mychart log in what is mychart? request medical records pay your bill financial help student portal community health hospital price transparency
connect with us connect with us  careers contact make a gift volunteering about us nurseline
  for employees for employees  employees physicians practitioner verification
policies policies  terms of use discrimination is against the law hipaa notice of privacy practices patients' rights, responsibilities & non-discrimination policies
©  genesis healthcare system      




 








