









netherlands centre for river studies










































toggle navigation







about ncr
publications
projects
events 

calendar
ncr days
ncr summer school


contact
search
 








for finding projects and publications, you can visit the ncr knowledge base 
















                        ncr is the leading cooperative alliance between all major dutch institutes for river studies. we integrate knowledge, facilitate discussion and promote excellent science.
                    





 


featured video

 




invitation to participate in survey on quality management in flow modeling


numerical flow models have become a standard tool in hydraulic engineering practice over the past decades. rapid developments, particularly in data availability and computing power, allow and require increasingly sophisticated and complex models. this development raises the question of how the quality of modeling and its results can be adequately tested and ensured. numerous factors [...]
read more >












yncr-meets-ynck 



                                    21
                                    feb                                




ncr days 2025



                                    08
                                    may                                




ncr summerschool 2025



                                    07
                                    jul                                














phd in understanding the impact of nature-based solutions in small rivers


are you interested in modeling and field studies to better understand the impact of nature-based solutions on hydrodynamic and morphodynamic processes in small rivers? at the civil engineering & management department, we are looking for a phd researcher to strengthen our team. we are an active and dynamic group of researchers pioneering in the modeling [...]
read more >






phd in modelling the behaviour of river bed dynamics to support nature-based solutions.


are you interested in setting up innovative model solutions to better understand river bed dynamics after flood events and prolonged periods of low water levels? at the water engineering & management department we are looking for a phd researcher to strengthen our team. we are an active and dynamic group of researchers pioneering in the [...]
read more >






more updates












leiden university







ihe delft







vrije universiteit amsterdam







radboud university nijmegen







wageningen ur







utrecht university







deltares







delft university of technology







rijkswaterstaat







university of twente










                       your portal for river studies                    



contact details
ncr programme secretary
dr. ir. koen berends
e: secretary@ncr-web.org 
t: +31 621287461




stay connected
 join our mailing list
 follow us on linkedin 
 ncr vimeo channel 
 ncr github





                    copyright 2025 netherlands centre for river studies
partners
privacy
disclaimer




























