






company logos branded on promotional products by logo it
























































 















products search









contact
my account
cart
checkout

0 items
 












bottle openers
brewzy® cozies

bottle cozies
can cozies
growler cozies
pint glass cozies
solo cup cozies


coasters
glassware

beer glasses
shot glasses
wine glasses


koozie® products
 


select page


  
 
 




















welcome to logo it promotional products in austin, tx
we ship your branded products from factory locations throughout the u.s.a. to help reduce shipping costs & time.
rest assured that logo it “gets it”. we understand that you need your branded merchandise on-time since it is usually for a marketing event such as a tradeshow or convention. you may be able to find slightly cheaper pricing elsewhere but is it worth it if the promotional products arrive late?! since 1989, we’ve been delivering friendly service & on-time shipping.
we offer a full line of wholesale promotional items. under each category, we show a narrow selection of branded items that are useful, value-priced & quality promotional items.  why do we do this? we understand that the choices can get overwhelming & therefore we wanted to simplify your experience. if don’t see what you need, please call us for details on thousands of promotional items.
on day one, your account will be assigned to a promotional products consultant so you have a single point of contact from here out. your consultant is available for guidance, ideas or suggestions from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. (central) mon-fri.
although some promotional products are referred to as swag, trinkets or tchotchkes, we take them all seriously. let us earn your trust on your next order of advertising specialties by delivering a quality custom product on-time. on every order, your designated promotional consultant will follow-up after delivery to confirm your receipt & satisfaction.
with every purchase, you will have the satisfaction of helping both a small business & the austin humane society. we believe in giving back to the local community by donating 1% of our profits to our four-legged friends.
we hope to start working with you soon!
jim dobbin- president
logo it®, brewzy® & patent# d614920 are trademark & patent properties of logo it, llc in austin, tx.





featured products







can cozy – neoprene
$1.14


slim can cozy – neoprene
$1.14


pint glass sleeve – neoprene
$1.69


pint glass cozy – neoprene – window
$2.18






 







customer servicestore policies
privacy information
texassales tax resale & exemption certificateslocation6705 w hwy 290 suite #50264
austin, texas 78735
united states
512-371-9938

8:00am-6:00pm m-f cst 






facebook


© logo it! 

































































