

paranormal investigations of texas























"using 
          technology to explore the universe"
"i shall not commit the fashionable 
          stupidity of regarding everything i cannot explain as fraud." 
          carl jung 

evp-a 
          window into the spirit world
psychic and medium 
          services offered here










before 
          you start browsing this website please
read this personal 
          and sincere message to 
          you from rich and mary


evp 
            from wtc ground zero
astounding 
            ghost voice recorded at the scene 5 
            years after the tragedy !!"help 
            me !!...(screams...)







 
          click here for *instant index* 
          this is a big 
          website !




scroll
down
for previews 
          of articles and info found on this website




looking 
          for consciousness in the brain is like looking inside a radio for the 
          announcer






"this 
          new century demands new thinking: we must change our materially based 
          analysis of the world around us to include broader, more multidimensional 
          perspectives."
albert einstein






necessary knowledge 
to learn while evolving as a spirit 
            in human form on planet earth.
it is necessary to become acutely "aware" 
            of certain "hidden" details of the earth existence in order 
            to fully understand experiences while in the "earth school". 
            this awareness will assist you in satisfactorily progressing in the 
            assimilation of wisdom gained from your exposure to events in life, 
            and thus to better evolve spiritually while increasing your spiritual 
            strength as you pass from the earth form back into your soul form.
one must learn how to seek and find the truth of the 
            nature of mankind, and how it has affected the history of government, 
            religions, and other forms of belief systems that further the greed 
            and a lust for power in those who would seek control over masses of 
            population for their selfish needs. religion and government have always 
            had "built in" fear based methods of influencing and controlling 
            the masses. even today, much more subtle methods are used to control 
            populations, but the system still, in fact, produces a world full 
            of many national territories organized and run totally by privileged, 
            elite, power hungry individuals who take advantage of the masses to 
            accomplish their deeds.
does this mean that politics and religion are totally 
            populated by evil, greedy persons?
of course not ! it just means that all the good, well 
            intentioned folks who try to implement changes to bring back the power 
            and wealth to the people will fail on the higher levels.. they waste 
            their precious lives of devotion to their kindred souls because most 
            are outnumbered, and because many well intentioned religious folks 
            preach fear instead of love, and many well intentioned politicians 
            are forced to make concessions or lose their jobs, sanity, or their 
            lives.
conversely, and contributing to the structure of the 
            powerful "few" will exist a majority population of lesser 
            evolved souls who would be satisfied with the creature comforts assigned 
            to the lifestyle of apathy, and would then follow blindly the mass 
            indoctrination promoted by the wealth and power of the administration 
            which takes much, and gives back little, to the masses.
the masses will vote, debate opinions. and participate 
            in mock elections and organizations which give the illusion to the 
            people that they are in control. fact is, the candidates for such 
            controlling positions are selected in advance by the structure of 
            power and wealth, and the masses are placated by falsehoods. the people 
            will be conditioned by schooling, media propaganda and many levels 
            of educational false fronts provided, all of which are promoted, persuaded, 
            financed, and controlled by the elite purveyors of the system.
this system can appear to the masses as a pretty picture, 
            depending on the natural resources of the country...but of course, 
            one always finds the huge percentage of wealth always goes to the 
            elite, and the masses work their lives away to provide this structure. 
            they will borrow money in addition to their wages as the cost of living 
            continually goes upwards, giving interest only to the elite bankers 
            who perpetuate a false monetary structure printed on paper, with nothing 
            of value to back it up other than "labor" of the masses. 
            this equates to a type of slavery, and the majority of the citizenry 
            usually find themselves hopelessly enslaved to the repayment of debts 
            which they incur as they try to imitate the lifestyles of the wealthy 
            controllers. there is no room at the top for the average person, and 
            the vast majority live their entire lives in servitude to the system.
looking back on history, one must eventually realize 
            that our historical accounts of mankind's past are distorted, inaccurate, 
            and often altogether missing. researchers then can also discover many 
            of the hidden truths that depart from the false accounts taught us 
            by the elite controlled schools.
the truth has been stored in institutions available 
            only to the elite controllers, and such information contains vast, 
            literally unfathomable amounts of withheld incredible information, 
            keeping populations forever in the dark and completely manipulated 
            and enslaved by certain factions of elite blood lines and even races 
            that are foreign to this planet can be involved.
americans are especially vulnerable to the traps set 
            before us in the before described scenario mainly because the us enjoys 
            a very stable, abundant supply of resources, and the standard of living 
            in this country is as good or better than any country in the world. 
            nevertheless, mankind is still mankind...no matter where he sets down 
            his foot. the very same weaknesses of heart apply to the leaders of 
            this country, as do our worst enemy...it's just that the us has higher 
            standards of living due to the inherent advantages of abundance in 
            a fruitful land. but make no mistake...the graft, greed, and corruption 
            of politics exists in all organizations of the us...the only difference 
            is that due to the abundance of resources in this country, the bounty 
            to the corrupt is even more plentiful!
worldwide, huge secret societies exist to perpetuate 
            the greedy control of the masses. two groupsthat most are familiar 
            with are accused of being major players in the game; the freemasons 
            and the illuminati (also known as the cabal, or the deep state). they 
            are known to have ceremonies represented by symbols and secret rites,and 
            pass down control of the system through religion and government to 
            familie s of the oldest bloodlines on earth. they are known to favor 
            certain institutions of learning and smaller secret groups are known 
            to exist around these schools of higher learning.
one of the most difficult lessons to be learned by the 
            masses is that huge discoveries and advances in technology have been 
            hidden from the working class. this enables entire industries to develop 
            around these technologies which never seem to benefit the working 
            class to the degree which they deserve.
whenever working class personnel are needed to work 
            in these fields, the industry is rigidly compartmentalized so that 
            only a small portion of knowledge is available to each person involved. 
            those workers are praised for their contribution to their country 
            for their small part and sworn to secrecy upon implied threat to self 
            and family for disclosing any part of their jobs or knowledge.
this system does allow for ample jobs for the working 
            class, and certainly we should not fail to recognize that leaders, 
            and innovators should receive a healthy bounty for their contributions. 
            however, those in control typically will seize the highest unfair 
            percentage of profits, thus contributing to the opportunity for gaining 
            “power” . this results in a continuing growth of the ruling 
            class vs the working class.
it is believed that throughout history, the secret power 
            structures such as the illuminati have always managed to push forward 
            to levels of knowledge which are kept secret from the masses. in this 
            day and age secret technology has already breached the boundaries 
            of new math and physics, and with that and information gleaned from 
            extraterrestrials from other dimensional and outer space planetary 
            systems, it is believed by many that certain earth groups may have 
            already secretly traveled to other planets and even other dimensions 
            of time and space.
in fact, a large part of the secrecy effort about all 
            this is exclusively about keeping the masses within their belief system 
            for control, lest the entire religious and governmental programs fall 
            apart at disclosure of the truth about our tiny insignificant place 
            in the universe.
a truly frightening part of the withheld information 
            about progress in technology is that many extremely advanced races 
            of extraterrestrials are, and have been, here on earth for untold 
            periods of time, and we have even perfected working relationships 
            with aliens and designed mutual trades of sinister and dark purpose 
            in exchange for technology.
aliens, and ufos are real! and most importantly, if 
            one cannot penetrate the veil of secrecy to accept that this is true...then 
            one's existence in spirit and even the very soul which is the real 
            you, is in jeopardy. if you do not have a working knowledge of these 
            facts (and much more!) when you pass from this world to the vastness 
            of the universe, you may be doomed to repeat a similar existance to 
            that which you had just left. now, for the record, let me state now 
            and right here that i am not saying there is no heavenly or worthy 
            afterlife for us, but i am saying that there are other scenarios that 
            you may be drawn to that do not offer you new spiritual growth, and 
            may make you a part of a world which holds entities to produce life's 
            energies for other dimensional purpose. 
in reality, the universe has good and bad, much like 
            our planet earth does. it is simply a matter of the truth of creation....that 
            all things must apparently be balanced by the opposite force. in fact, 
            in reality as we know it, if only negative forces existed, then that 
            force would become the un-opposed norm and would theoretically cause 
            itself to eventually self destruct. unfortunately, if the same consideration 
            is granted to only a positive force in any one creation, the same 
            thing would happen.
yes...and in fact, one of the the most obvious traps 
            set for you to fall right into, is one which returns you to the one 
            and only "same" type of existence from whence you just came....(complete 
            with all the constraints and enslavement), much of which may only 
            get even worse with the passage of time on our once beautiful planet 
            earth. fact is, there are many paths to take once one is back in spirit...the 
            choice is yours...but you must be “aware” in order to 
            avoid unfavorable paths. start now to learn about the truths of the 
            after life !
there are universal laws of math and physics (most of 
            which we know little about), but the ruling elite know very well of 
            the basic existence and constraints of time, dimensions, other universes, 
            and some of the potential hazards in the universe for humans. but 
            do they know of the soul? do they know what their options will be 
            when they die? this i do not know...but i think the safety of the 
            light force, that which surrounds the creator and source of all that 
            is, may not be something that the ruling elites may recognize as clearly 
            as we can. love is the bottom line force that outperforms and conquers 
            all in the universe that was constructed by our creator. survival 
            of the soul is reserved for those who know, respect, and practice 
            love.
and this meager, very brief summary of what is expected 
            of 21st century humans to discover and educate themselves on their 
            own initiative, should suffice to awaken those gifted souls who are 
            ready for this true spiritual advancement. may the spiritual force 
            of love be with them.
richard l smith
july, 2018







ghosts of arizona
 four part series
- rich and mary tour haunted 
            arizona and you won't believe the evp messages received from ghosts 
            of the old wild west!
start 
            here- ghosts of tombstone






in 
          your dreams-

analysis of a spectacular spiritual dream, with 
          tips on how to interpret spiritual content of your own dreams !!





 





how 
                    far can we go with evp?
don't 
                    miss this!
"i 
                    love you earthmen"
click 
                    to listen to above message
incredible 
                    conversation with an entity named julius who contacts 
                    rich with his own group from somewhere in the universe!


investigating demons 
                    *** beware 
                    !!***
***read 
                    this


 a 
                          "must see"...rich 
                          does a rare interview...20 questions with haunted 
                          america













just another 
            day at rich and mary's haunted house
1. ghost pushes 
            rich's arm 2. the night visitor 3. the moving napkin 
around our 
            house (because of our constant involvement with spirit communication) 
            we have numerous visitations from spirits, in all manner of energy 
            displays. that's what happens when you work with the paranormal on 
            a daily basis for many years. rich
1. 
            ghost pushes rich's arm-april 
            9, 2012 approx 3 pm-
all day and even previously 
            in the wee hours of the morning, i had heard a male voice trying very 
            hard to communicate with me throughout the house. i would clearly 
            hear a single word out loud in the room, but it would trail off or 
            stop suddenly before i could actually make anything of it. sometimes 
            it would seem that the word was not loud enough (it could have been 
            a complete word) but i still could not get it because of the lack 
            of volume or amplitude and the communication remained unsuccessful.

this same afternoon i was in the 
          kitchen making mary a "protein drink" using an electric blender 
          to mix ingredients. suddenly something gave way in the mechanism and 
          the blender stopped turning and began to make an exceptionally loud 
          squeal. i figured something came loose and maybe i could fix it, so 
          much to the annoyance of all in the house i continued to fiddle with 
          it while producing that very loud squeal time after time . the dogs 
          were howling and mary began to shout that she couldn't even hear the 
          tv, so i began to consider the possibility that it was time for a new 
          blender. so i shut it down and removed the glass container from the 
          motor mount. while i stood there with the mixer container in my right 
          hand, i thought of one more thing to try. and began to move my right 
          arm toward the blender. suddenly, my entire right arm was moving away 
          from the blender without my intention of doing so!! in amazement, i 
          watched as my arm moved about a foot and a half to the left of the blender. 
          i could actually feel a gentle but very firm pressure on the forearm 
          as it was moving, and suddenly it stopped.
 i stood still, looking at my 
          arm, contemplating the possibility that some involuntary action taken 
          by my body had caused this, such as a muscle cramp or spasm. but concentrating 
          on my arm, and then feeling it with my left hand, everything seemed 
          quite normal. so then i moved my right arm again to the right towards 
          the blender as if to restart the contraption once more. but before i 
          could set the mixer bowl on the motor mount i felt that very firm pressure 
          on my forearm and again watched as my arm began to move away from the 
          blender. it was crazy! to test this phenomenon, i resisted (just a little) 
          and could easily feel the resistance to my effort to move away. the 
          more i pushed, the more the force pushed back. again i just let my arm 
          move and again it stopped about a foot and a half to the left of my 
          intended target. i did not try again.
the obvious conclusion is that 
          one of our "guest" entities in the house also found the noise 
          quite objectionable, and was just gently exerting his influence. i do 
          not know if the phenomenon was related to the previous attempts at vocalization, 
          but this was quite an efective way of letting me know that someone was 
          there.
2. the night visitor-oct 
          1, 2012--3:55am - heard 
          by richard and mary-three soft knocks on front door (or from that general 
          area)
          mary still remained groggy, but rich awoke alert, heard a voice (resembling 
          damon, mary's oldest son) say out loud "richard, 
          it's me. are you here?"
          thinking maybe damon was at the door, richard got up immediately to 
          go to the front room of the house.. but no one nor anything was noted 
          or seen, or heard at the front door. rich opened the door  
          to look outside and again nothing was seen, nothing more was heard. 
          rich checked with damon the next day and he said he was fast asleep 
          at that time.
we have often heard the 
          same three successive knocks in our previous house (next door) as well 
          as in this house. but there was never a voice connected with the knocks 
          till this occurrance. the knocks would happen in the old house as often 
          as two or three times a week for weeks at a time. we just got used to 
          them, rolled over and went back to sleep. never worried us as we are 
          used to our spirit friends.
3. the moving 
          napkin- oct 1, approx 4 pm -mary needed 
          to use her nebulizer for breathing difficulties and the unit seemed 
          to be vibrating against the wooden cabinet and making a racket. i remarked 
          that we needed to find something soft that we could place inbetween 
          the unit and the cabinet to quiet it down. at that precise moment, the 
          thought of a linen table napkin (which we had in a holder on our kitchen 
          table) popped into my head as a solution, and only a fraction of a second 
          later mary also spoke out loud that her idea was the same. just a coincidence 
          at that point, i headed into the kitchen only to find a white linen 
          table napkin completely opened and laying spread out on the kitchen 
          table! 
this was just not possible. i had just come through 
          the kitchen before helping mary set up the nebulizer, and had picked 
          up my reading glasses from the table. i remember noting that the table 
          was cluttered with some mail, a small drink cooler, some dog treats 
          and meds and a few assorted other things. i made a mental note to clear 
          it off later. the napkins were clearly in their holder and pushed all 
          the way back against the back wall (as the table was set up against 
          that wall with chairs around the accessible sides only).
but although we were, of course, somewhat surprised, 
          many who know us well expect us to see these kinds of things happening 
          around our house on a regular basis. after returning to the bedroom 
          i told mary about the napkin, and we looked at each other and simultaneously 
          said "the whispering cowboy!" yes, we were certain this was 
          mary's friendly ghost, who always politely (as a texas cowboy should 
          be) shows up in our evp conversations, ghostly apparitions, and even 
          while filming investigations. once he showed up speaking on a video 
          cam as he politely said "here mary, have a seat." at that 
          time we had moved to the second floor in a victorian haunted house, 
          and mary had to walk with a cane due to her old injuries from an accident. 
          there was a small sofa and the "cowboy" had spoken exactly 
          as mary stood directly in front of the seat. amazingly, even though 
          at the time we could not have heard the cowboy words being spoken and 
          recorded on the camera, later on the film we observed as mary actually 
          stopped, turned, and sat right down on the sofa seat at the exact second 
          the concerned request was spoken by the "cowboy" there is 
          a lengthy story in our book about how mary came to know this spirit, 
          and now many more stories follow. in fact, mary had once told the cowboy 
          that he could visit at our house as long as he behaved, and did not 
          enter the bathroom! as a result, he has been seen by guests standing 
          in front of the bathroom door waiting for mary to come out! 
          true to fashion, we are certain that he merely wished to help mary in 
          some small way on this day when she was needing help for her breathing 
          issue.






from the wonderful free postings 
            as received from ascended masters at the 11:11 group
the 
            universal law of vibration-the order of universe realities explained






video 
          below: rich receives"death 
          threats" from angry ghost! 
          story 
          here




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obqtxx8uthw&t=36s 
                  



 

investigation
videos

****ghosts 
          speak from fatal auto accident wreckage ! 7 minutes 10 sec
****ghost 
          sailors speak from aboard a wwii submarine in dry dock on galveston 
          island 1 minute 57 sec
****rich 
          ontv news special producing evp ghost voices for a live tv crew
2 minutes 35 sec
 
 
****rich 
          and mary cross the texas chihuahua desert, stopping at langtry ghost 
          town. later, in a small mountain town hotel, they capture ghost voices 
          on the video camera !
 4 minutes 46 sec
****take 
          a tour of rich and mary's evp sound studio 5 
          minutes 38 sec
free 
          quicktime download to watch our movies in the latest mp4 format





 question 
          to rich re: inter-dimensional audio communication with spirits 
q: in your technical work with inter-dimensional communication 
          , is it possible to communicate through evp (electronics voice phenomena) 
          methods with entities other than ghosts? 
a: using very advanced techniques of evp (electronics 
          voice phenomena) and based upon nearly 20 years of experience doing 
          so, i have established communication with many kinds of entities over 
          the years...some were ghosts, some claimed to be extraterrestrial in 
          nature, and i have received communications from my spirit guide by voice 
          on rare occasions. i have personally contacted deceased family and friends 
          who have passed, but not every case will result in contact especially 
          if the spirit has passed into the light and on to the heavenly realm. 
          my methods do not merely produce occassional two and three word phrases 
          as seen on tv ghost hunting shows, but rather my technique produces 
          regularly as many as a dozen full sentence replies per minute in a typical 
          session of only two or three minutes.
but the most "in depth" means of inter-dimensional 
          communication is acheived by the use of special advanced hypnosis techniques. 
          my associate and mentor is one of the few experienced hypnotists available 
          to the public for specialty sessions of this kind and with his 44 years 
          of experience in this special field, he is in high demand for helping 
          people solve serious life crisis issues. we are most often called to 
          resolve serious spirit possession and attachment issues after others 
          have attempted to help but have failed.
in my studio in alvin, texas,
as a certified hypnotist, i specialize 
          in offering past life regression techniques and researching potential 
          causes from past lives for present life difficulties such as bad habits, 
          phobias, etc. almost everyone finds it very beneficial to their spiritual 
          well being to know who they were in past lives and where and what they 
          experienced!
but all these things are better understood by first learning 
          a definition of what we actually are...... we are not just a physical 
          body. the physical body is the vessel, or the biological machine through 
          which the "real you" (you are a spirit ! ) manifests and navigates 
          within the earth dimension. this dimension is much more dense physically 
          than spiritual dimensions, and our spiritual self is somewhat limited 
          in this body in comparison to the spirits manifestation in planes of 
          a higher order.
now, we will add to this knowledge the fact that our presence 
          in the earth plane consists of a dual body....and this would be (1) 
          our physical body which we see in the mirror, and (2) the spirit body 
          which consists of the "real you" in spirit form. this we shall 
          call the astral body, and it surrounds the physical body like a shell, 
          but consists of energy and substance of a higher order than is normally 
          manifest in the earth plane.
the astral body contains our limited conscious awareness, 
          and it uses the brain to diseminate its will to the physical organism. 
          when our physical body dies, the astral body remains. it is still exactly 
          as it was only moments before the physical death occurred and will remain 
          so until the astral entity comes to grips with the loss of the physical 
          body and gradually regains control over the awareness of it's spiritual 
          origins . from that point of returning awareness, the astral body goes 
          through the very complex matter of determining the spiritual value of 
          its life on earth, and then making a decision as to whether the spirit 
          self is worthy of moving into a higher realm towards oneness with god. 
          if the entity is still in need of gaining more spiritual wisdom,it will 
          perhaps return to yet another life on earth for specific lessons and 
          truths which were not forthcoming in the last life.
believe me, this is a simplified explanation...but it 
          will suffice to answer the posed question. call them ghosts if you must...but 
          most evp is simply the voices of people whose physical body has passed, 
          and they are still in their astral body prior to completing their plans 
          for spiritual destiny.
some of these voices come from newly departed souls, and 
          some of the voices may come from souls who have been in the astral for 
          a sufficient time to have nearly completed their resolve for continuing 
          the spiritual journey. the latter, spirits in the declining period of 
          their astral existence, can sometimes communicate in a rather "dreamy" 
          or incoherent state as they evolve away from their astral body. this 
          astral body will eventually decompose just as the physical body did, 
          and from that point the entity will move on to the higher spiritual 
          realms to eventually return to the earth plane in a new physical and 
          astral body. there are many different types of entities in spirit dimensions 
          (angels, spirit guides, ascended masters, etc.,) some of which have 
          not, and may never be in a human body. but we will deal here only with 
          the common evp sources.
frankly, in many ways we are better off just considering 
          the astral and physical body to both be a part of the earth dimension 
          existence, allowing us to avoid confusion by not combining divine spiritual 
          levels with the astral .
i offer personal guidance and teaching on all these subjects, 
          as well as the hypnosis for advanced spiritual benefit.
          available for consultations and services through the website previously 
          mentioned.
blessings, rich




 
 
 

 





editorial 
          policy




looking 
                  for consciousness in the brain is like looking inside a radio 
                  for the announcer



 

i 
          ching 
ancient 
          chinese method of divining the probable outcome of events
try 
          it !





"hell 
            yes or hell no"
so tell 
            us, is there really a
 *click 
            here

a 
            few words from rich... to all 
paranormal 
            professionals
about 
            the recent increase in media attention...







* 
            faq's
 
            rich answers your questions about evp !
*
a sad, pathetic, 
            commentaryon the state of humanity 
            in our world. where 
            did your lunch come from ? (warning !!-it takes balls to watch 
            this film)
*exciting 
            new article- a "pact" between lovers to communicate from 
            beyond the grave !click 
            here-mission mhaica



*spiritual 
            law- the laws 
            that govern the universe
*
"the rules for being human" 
            -a 
            must read guide to 
spiritual  
            purpose 


*meditation
will enhance your 
            psychic abilities-rich has been promoting this for years as 
            a method to improve your evp results
*1964 
            prophecy by billy meier-check out these amazing predictions from 
            over 40 years ago !





 
where are all 
            the ghosts? 
the most common 
            question asked of me by 
            new ghost hunters is "where do i look to find some ghosts?" 
            well, the best way to answer that question is just to give some pointers 
            to head you in the right direction...and then the best ghost hunting 
            will come to you in time after you have improved your awareness and 
            developed your "sixth sense" for locating the haunted hot 
            spots according to your needs.

of course, it goes 
          without saying that cemeteries are usually good bets. look for large 
          ones with lots of older dates on the stones. when you see an interesting 
          gravestone, "talk" out loud to the spirits and ask them to 
          allow you to take photos, record their voice, etc. believe me, talking 
          to them will make a difference.
look for building 
          locations with a history, perhaps something with a tragic occurrence 
          in its past such as a murder, a fire, civil war experiences, etc. old 
          hospitals, hotels, schools...old courthouses, jails, etc. if you are 
          doing evp, you don't even need to gain access to the inside of the building, 
          just walk the perimeter and talk to the spirits! in fact, in some cases 
          the building can even be gone, and lingering spirits can haunt the grounds!
museums are great 
          places for hauntings and especially evp. all of the artefacts in such 
          a place seem to be like a magnet for spirits! check out any places where 
          lots of people might have congregated over years of time, such as stadiums, 
          ballparks, etc. old railroad station locations are usually full of lingering 
          unfinished spirit business...travelers have lots of stories to tell!
old hospitals and 
          mental institutions harbor many unhappy spirits so be prepared for anything 
          when going to those spots. happy ghost hunting!
 











rich 
                    is available
for 
                    paranormal investigative consulting and private instruction 
                    
evp 
                    technique and software processing





*learn 
            how to capture full sentence evps !
*learn how to capture a dozen 
            or more clear evp messsages in 2 minutes !
read 
            what students have to say !
......i would like 
            to thank you for a truly incredible weekend. renae and i felt like 
            we got more than was expected....... using what we learned from you 
            we have already gotten an excellent class a voice on our first try 
            back home ! dr. r. dorn , 
            new braunfels,texas
.....seriously 
            recommend this school to anyone who has an interest in the paranormal...it 
            works !! my husband and i had astonishing results on our first evp 
            field trip after the school ! a.slater, 
            manvel, texas
 .........we 
            learned so much in our short stay with you, i tell everyone that richard 
            smith is "the" person for evp ! i can not 
            wait to come back ! m. hernandez, san antonio, texas
.....rich, 
            you are an excellent teacher in the field of evp.you took the time 
            to make sure i understood all aspects of the use of the software and 
            started me on my way to the training of my ear so i can hear my recordings 
            and learn to do my own evp work. i would recommend you to anyone who 
            is seriously interested in this field of study. your patience and 
            understanding of all my questions made taking your class a wonderful 
            learning experience and,as we discussed, i hope to return to do more 
            work with you in the future. mitch m., lubbock texas
contact 
            rich at rich5343@yahoo.com







 
click on above photo for complete story



rich 
            and marys unexpected evp adventure 
            !
spirits speak from the derelict "1946 flxible clipper" tour bus that once belonged to country & western music hall of fame winner floyd tillman
located in an old scrap yard in galveston county, 
            rich and mary make voice contact with lingering ghosts in the old 
            bus !! 
see actual photo of ghost in bus !!







the 
          world is changing! 
article by richard 
          l. smith 

**aliens and ufos ? ** most of us 
          have been brought up to take a very skeptical view (if not downright 
          "absolute denial") of any claims as to the validity of the 
          existence of space craft from other worlds in the universe, or alien 
          entities visiting our planet in those craft, or by other means such 
          as dimensional travel.
our government, assisted by controlling 
          pressure brought upon the msm (aka"main stream media"), has 
          long been involved in squelching these claims of such phenomena by promoting 
          dis-information campaigns, and publishing negative statements by government 
          supported or co-erced patrons of nasa or other members of the government 
          supported science community.
whether skeptics like this explanation 
          or not, and for those who have been sucked in by the government sponsored 
          dis-info rhetoric, it has now been unequivocably established that there 
          is much more to life in this universe than we have been allowed to believe, 
          and that our solar system is literally teeming with life of other descriptions 
          and locations, and includes, as well, other solar systems in far reaching 
          depths of space. this is now fact, and if you are not paying attention 
          to the continual stream of new info on the internet and television, 
          then you are doing yourself and your
          family a great dis-service. this period of history, the 21st century, 
          will be shown to be the age of disemination of knowledge and technology 
          that will change the world as we know it forever.
why then, has our government and 
          other governments of the world been so secretive about these previously 
          unknown truths? the answer is a sad but true commentary on our world's 
          political sys-tems, which has forever been founded by controlling interests 
          of powerful people who are absolute in their resolve to maintain their 
          power and control over a mass of people who seemingly are in need of 
          a central authority to govern and direct those masses in their political, 
          economic and religious views and activities. this, of course, leaves 
          the powers that be in control of wealth, much of which always goes into 
          their pockets. (have you ever noticed how our presidents always leave 
          their office with millions in cash and/or properties and business interests?) 
          
thus, any contact with a truly advanced 
          alien society which might result in the elimination of the need for 
          such a controlling structure could (and probably would) decimate the 
          control of those world powers that be. and this would result in a complete 
          restructring of our worlds beliefs, political and religious structures.

          and then, of course, the structure of control and massive wealth which 
          now belongs to the controlling few would break down and be lost forever...you 
          know they do not want that!
are you aware of the many videos, 
          testimonies of scientists and professionally respected people who have 
          testified publicly about the lies coming from our government on these 
          subjects? did you know that there are many tv programs on cable and 
          sattelite that are giving verifiable information on these subjects and 
          updating regularly?
many people like myself, who have 
          experienced personal contact and communication with other worldly entities, 
          believe that the majority of folks in this world are not paying enough 
          attention to the reality of their own existence and to the new knowledge 
          being given to us. and, if you interject the notion that all the 3rd 
          world nations, and masses of poor and ignorant people don't have access 
          to this information....you are absolutely correct...and that very notion 
          places you and i as the responsible privileged group who must start 
          living the new age with truth in hand and mouth, and take the information 
          on to all you with whom you communicate . use the internet to help push 
          the information on through every available source.
we can no longer afford to be controlled 
          by antiquated beliefs. this world must soon adopt a philosophy of life 
          which promotes the betterment of mankind and this world...or soon, perhaps 
          very soon, the world as we know it will no longer suport life as we 
          know it.
blessings,
          rich
 





 
          articles-illustrated with photos and evp







how 
            to do it
how to get set up to 
            record evp...equipment, hook-ups, etc.

 
west 
            texas "revisited"
old indian spirit greets rich and mary in 
            the texas hill country wilderness !

 
haunted 
            house on texas prairie
ghosts call rich and mary by their 
            names !




climb aboard
with rich and mary
 enhancing 
          the psychic experience thru meditation, & self hypnosis
"ghosts 
          of travelers past" 
ghostly 
          voices from old railroad station
blue 
          lights of enchanted rock
amazing 
          rare photos of "blue lights" 
haunting 
          photos 
exciting ghost photos sent 
          to us from viewers around the world !
 
pirates 
            of dickinson bayou speak to rich 
            and mary

hear the evp voices of jean lafitte's pirate 
            crew- dade, thibeau, hammer fletcher, pete, and peco jack !!!





 

ships in 24 hours


 
this 
            is a free website !
this website has been free of fees, advertising, 
            pop-ups, lists, spam, and other internet garbage since 1998.
do you enjoy this 
            free site ?
thousands of people have written to express their pleasure when visiting 
            this site--
help keep this site free-consider purchasing 
            rich's book,- you will be helping to keep this website free on the 
            internet.




 










is the paranormal 
            normal ? can you believe what you see and hear ? click above for answers









visitors to website as of jan 2020
3,101,212
updated monthly (usually...)




 




