







































world trade center investigation | nist








      skip to main content
    










an official website of the united states government
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock (  

lock
a locked padlock

) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            










https://www.nist.gov/world-trade-center-investigation














search nist






menu





close


publications


what we do




all topics


advanced communications


artificial intelligence


bioscience


buildings and construction


chemistry


cybersecurity


electronics


energy



environment


fire


forensic science


health


information technology


infrastructure


manufacturing


materials


mathematics and statistics



metrology


nanotechnology


neutron research


performance excellence


physics


public safety


quantum information science


resilience


standards


transportation







labs & major programs




assoc director of laboratory programs


laboratories


communications technology laboratory


engineering laboratory


information technology laboratory


material measurement laboratory


physical measurement laboratory





user facilities


nist center for neutron research


cnst nanofab




research test beds


research projects


tools & instruments



major programs


baldrige performance excellence program


chips for america initiative


manufacturing extension partnership (mep)


office of advanced manufacturing


special programs office


technology partnerships office









services & resources




standards and measurements


calibration services


laboratory accreditation (nvlap)


quality system


standard reference materials (srms)


standard reference instruments (sris)


standards.gov


time services


office of weights and measures





software


data


chemistry webbook


national vulnerability database


physical reference data


standard reference data (srd)




storefront


license & patents



computer security resource center (csrc)


nist research library







news & events




news


events


blogs


feature stories


awards



video gallery


image gallery


media contacts







about nist




about us


leadership


organization structure


budget & planning




contact us


visit


careers


student programs





work with nist


history


nist digital archives


nist museum


nist and the nobel




educational resources




















resilience /disaster & failure studies





world trade center investigation

















about the investigation
expand or collapse


investigation team members


investigation contracts




study faqs
expand or collapse


wtc investigation


wtc towers investigation


wtc 7 investigation




investigation meetings and presentations


news archive


photos, videos and simulations


publications and reports


recommendations






sign up to get nist news
govdelivery





the collapse of the wtc buildings following the terrorist attacks on september 11, 2001, was one of the worst building disasters in us history, killing 2,749 people, including 400 emergency responders.nist responded to calls from congress and the public to carry out a federal investigation of why the buildings collapsed, the evacuation of building occupants and the emergency response. nist was given this authority when congress passed, and the president signed into law, the national construction safety team act of 2002. more than 200 professionals and technical subject matter experts, including 85 nist staff members, answered the call and participated in the investigation.as part of the investigation, the nist team gathered every bit of evidence they could find. activities included:interviews with 1,056 surviving occupants of the wtc buildings and 116 emergency responders.extensive reviews of design, construction, maintenance and inspection documents for the buildings examination of hundreds of structural steel components from wtc buildingsgathering and analyzing thousands of pieces of video, photographic, and audio evidence from professional sources and the public



nist's world trade center investigations



learn more about nist's work on the world trade center investigations, from how it conducted the study to the recommendations and their lasting legacy.




the reportsthroughout the process, nist held 23 public meetings and provided multiple opportunities for the public to review and comment on drafts of the reports. in addition, all of the reports were reviewed by an external, non-nist ncst advisory committee.in the end, nist released final versions of the 43 reports on the wtc towers, totaling some 10,000 pages, on october 26, 2005. nist released final versions of the three reports on wtc 7, totaling about 1,000 pages, on november 25, 2008.nist is aware of other studies related to the wtc collapse and stands by its original findings. the legacybuilding and fire codes, standards and practicesthe wtc investigation has had a significant legacy. in the reports, nist made 31 recommendations for improvements to building and fire codes, standards, and practices based on the wtc investigation. while the federal government has no regulatory authority for building and fire codes, many u.s. codes and standards were subsequently updated to improve areas such as structural integrity, fire resistance, occupant evacuation and emergency responder communications. nist’s recommendations have had a significant impact on design and construction practices for high-rise buildings worldwide, including the new buildings at the rebuilt world trade center site. in addition, nist scientists conducted tests of steel from the wtc buildings to measure their mechanical properties at normal and elevated temperatures. these tests led to the development and validation of performance criteria for fire resistive steel. this type of steel, which was not available at the time the wtc was built, would not necessarily prevent a building from collapsing during a fire, but it would give occupants more time to escape. read jason averill's story about investigating the wtc evacuation and steve kirkpatrick's work analyzing the aftermath of the twin towers aircraft impacts.dna identificationnist also played a role in the effort to identify the victims of the 9/11 attack. this effort was at the time — and still is — the largest forensic identification effort ever undertaken. this effort was particularly challenging because in many cases the dna of the victims was severely degraded by exposure to intense heat from burning jet fuel, as well as moisture and decay in the weeks and months following the attack. to make an identification, experts analyzed segments of dna called forensic markers. when dna degrades, these forensic markers break apart, which makes them difficult to analyze.to cope with this challenge, researchers at nist, ohio university and bode technology developed new forensic markers involving shorter segments of dna, which by virtue of their small size are more likely to remain intact as the dna degrades. this effort allowed forensic experts to identify thousands of remains that otherwise would have never been returned to their families. the research conducted at nist in the aftermath of 9/11 led to the development of new “mini-markers” that are now routinely used in criminal casework. these markers have helped investigators solve countless sexual assaults, homicides and other crimes that would otherwise have gone cold.read john butler's reflections on assisting with the 9/11 world trade center dna identifications.public safety communicationsamong the victims were more than 400 first responders, including firefighters, police officers, and port authority officers. these deaths revealed a huge gap in public safety communications and fundamentally changed nist’s research focus in public safety communications. during the disaster, first responders struggled to communicate due to lack of interoperability among the radio systems and over-crowded communication channels. as a result, the 9/11 commission made communications research for public safety a priority, and tasked nist with finding solutions.nist established its public safety communications research division and became a technical advisor to congress and the white house on issues surrounding public safety communications. this new research focus helped established firstnet, a nationwide broadband network dedicated to first responder communications. in the 20 years since the attacks, nist and its partnering research organizations and industry have resolved many of the radio interoperability issues and now focus on modernizing communications technology for first responders.read dereck orr's reflections on how 9-11 changed him, and public safety communications.national fire research laboratory & disaster resilience programas a result of the wtc investigation, nist established the national fire research laboratory, which has provided a unique capability to test performance of large-scale structures under realistic conditions. nist also established a disaster resilience program, focused on ways to improve the safety and resilience of buildings and communities in the face of multiple threats including wildfires, hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes. improving resilience has emerged as a major theme of the 21st century, and the ncst act, created in response to 9/11, has enabled nist to conduct technical investigations of subsequent significant disasters. including the joplin, missouri, tornado in may 2011; the 2003 station nightclub fire in west warwick, rhode island; the effects of 2017’s hurricane maria on puerto rico and, most recently, the champlain towers collapse in miami, florida, in june 2021.


 blog posts





  


 

20 years later: nist's world trade center investigation and its legacy




read more







  


 

how 9/11 changed me and first responder communications




read more







  


 

putting together the big picture for the world trade center disaster investigation




read more











  


 

analyzing the aftermath of the twin towers aircraft impacts




read more







  


 

reflections on assisting with the 9/11 world trade center dna identifications




read more







  


 

inside the towers on 9/11: my story of investigating the wtc evacuation




read more











  


 

reconstructing the fires that brought down wtc 1, 2 and 7




read more



























headquarters

              100 bureau drive
              gaithersburg, md 20899
301-975-2000


webmaster | contact us | our other offices






x.com


facebook


linkedin


instagram


youtube


giphy


rss feed


mailing list



            how are we doing? feedback








site privacy


accessibility


privacy program


copyrights


vulnerability disclosure


no fear act policy


foia


environmental policy


scientific integrity


information quality standards


commerce.gov


science.gov


usa.gov


vote.gov














