












senokot®natural laxatives - natural laxatives | constipation relief | senokot®



























































 




















about us
products

senokot® laxative tablets
senokot® for women
senokot® extra strength packs
senokot®•s laxative plus stool softener


why senokot®

where to buy


signs & symptoms






faq

where to buy


coupons
buy now
contact us
en

fr



search











 








gentle, overnight relieffor over 60 years, senokot® has been trusted to help provide gentle, overnight relief from occasional constipation. your #2 is our #1 priority.
buy now




natural laxatives | constipation relief | senokot®experience gentle overnight relief from occasional constipation or digestive disturbances with the senokot® family of remedies.
learn more about senokot and validate it’s right for me
buy now





for the #2 in you




senokot® natural laxativestrusted for over 60 years, doctors recommend senokot® as a natural laxative for gentle, overnight relief of occasional constipation.
learn moreabout constipationgood poo, healthy you
recognize the signs and symptoms of constipation and find out if senokot® is right for you.
learn more



where to buy senokot® productsavailable online and in-store
see where you can buy the right product for you
buy now

where can i buy senokot® products?senokot® products can be found at your local pharmacy and in many popular and convenient stores across canada, including:





































 










this product is the best. i get so constipated at times and i wanted a way to relieve it without the uncomfortable pain caused by other laxatives. it literally just feels like a regular bowel movement and my stomach does not get upset from taking the pill. i love it!”read more

excellent product. it works gently to help you unclog your system, without causing gas.read more





good natural source laxative that gently relieves constipation. no sudden urges, i usually use it over 12 hours and i am back to normal.”read more

they work! having them on hand is an enormous relief. buying the box of 100 was an impulse, but now i'm glad that i did. the bottle is small and the pills are also small which makes them easy to swallow and great for traveling. best of all, they get the job done easily and gently.read more





“i suffer from constipation and usually go poop once every few days. i tried this laxative and it definitely worked overnight wonderfully. it has not given me any adverse side effects and is made with natural ingredients. the price is also decent so overall this is a good product i'll continue to occasionally use when i'm really backed up.”read more







productssenokot® laxative tablets
senokot extra strength laxative pack
senokot® for women
senokot®•s laxative plus stool softener
signs & symptoms
legal & privacyterms & conditions
privacy notice
about usinova pharmaceuticals is leading the way to better health by constantly searching for new, practical solutions that improve the everyday health and well being of people around the world.
our portfolio of market-leading consumer health brands and prescription medicines are backed by science across key therapeutic areas including cough, cold & flu, skin care, sun care, pain management, wound care, weight management, natural health supplements among many others. our products are distributed across our key territories in asia, australia, new zealand, middle east & africa and europe.
learn more: https://inovapharma.com/


© 2023 natural laxatives | constipation relief | senokot®. copyright © registered trademark of inova pharmaceuticals (singapore) pte limited all rights reserved           toronto website development by rebel trail


 
 


















 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences


















senokot® coupons & special offersprint and present this coupon to save $2.00 off your next purchase of senokot®



print & save


			close			





senokot® – bons de réduction et offres spécialesimprimer et présenter ce bon de réduction pour économiser 2 $ sur votre prochain achat d’un produit senokot®




imprimer le coupon



			close			





senokot® coupons & special offersprint and present this coupon to save $2.00 off your next purchase of senokot®





			close			






















