










home - new castle county board of realtors® | nccbor




















































  
















skip to content




























menu 
homewho we r® about us board of directors board governance dehofi nccbor staff buyers and sellers infomembership getting started in real estate membership types & applications membership benefits emeritus status realtor reinstatement form realtor®  on the moveeducation upcoming classes designations & certifications c2ex the ce shop license renewal requirements nar c.o.e. training requirementsresources for current memberscontact usmember login








 













welcome to the new castle county board of realtors®






the new castle county board of realtors® is a trade association representing realtor® and affiliate members within new castle county. nccbor is affiliated with the national association of realtors® (nar) and the delaware association of realtors® (dar).

















					continuing education				








					professional standards				








					sentrilock				








					bright mls				








					calendar				





















 
resources for realtors®bright mls, sentrikey real estate app, division of professional regulation, and more!


read more


 


 
why use a realtor®?members of the national association of realtors® are trustworthy and excellent resources on navigating the buying and selling processes.


read more


 



are you signed up to receive call to action notifications?text "realtors" to 30644 to start receiving call to action notices from the realtor political action committee! you will receive periodic notices with important information that affects the real estate industry. stay informed and up-to-date on what you can do to build strong communities, protect property interests, and promote a vibrant business environment. learn more about rpac by visiting nar.realtor/rpac
 

































mark your calendar










view all events











 

 






 




















learn more














 
fair housing for all 
nccbor is committed to promoting the widest range of ownership by addressing discrimination in our communities and ensuring all citizens have equal opportunities to fair housing.
click here to learn more!
 














 
nar announces partnership with lgbtq+ real estate alliance 
the national association of realtors® announced a new partnership with the lgbtq+ real estate alliance.
see how nar is upholding housing protections for the lgbtq+ community 














 
designations and certifications 
the national association of realtors® and its affiliated institutes, societies, and councils provide a wide range of programs and services that help members increase their skills, proficiency, and knowledge.
learn more! 



















realtors® political action committee
rpac is in place to support realtors® and to help make our tough job a little easier by championing issues that realtors® deal with on a daily basis. your donation helps us to support elected officials that have the same beliefs and to fight for realtors®. it is completely voluntary. for more information, contact the board at 203-762-4800.
 
contributions are not deductible for income tax purposes. contributions to rpac are voluntary and are used for political purposes. you may refuse to contribute without reprisal and the national association of realtors® or any of its state associations or local boards will not favor or disfavor any member because of the amount contributed. 70% of each contribution is used by your state pac to support state and local political candidates. until your state pac reaches its rpac goal 30% is sent to national rpac to support federal candidates and is charged against your limits under 2 u.s.c. 441a; after the state pac reaches its rpac goal it may elect to retain your entire contribution for use in supporting state and local candidates.







donate today










 












© 2025 new castle county board of realtors® | nccbor
 | 
site by growthzone












new castle county board of realtors®
























3615 miller road, wilmington, de 19802 














(302) 762-4800 














send email 


































 © 2025 new castle county board of realtors® | nccbor.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















