









antique appliance restoration



















































































































0shopping carthome
parts store

refrigerator parts
stove parts
door gaskets


services


classified info

browse ads
place ad
renew ad


restoration process



inventory

antique stoves
antique refrigerators
featured items
hot past projects
cool past projects
monitor tops


information

shipping
faq’s
news and articles
policies
the staff


links
contact





menu



 












antique appliance restoration
we specialize in the restoration of kitchen stoves (gas and electric) and refrigerators  that were produced from the 1900’s through the 1950’s. each appliance, and era, has it’s own unique look and style. these classic antique appliances really showcase your design theme and have been placed in many beautiful homes and businesses giving a unique flare.
yes, we’ll restore your antique appliance, too!  contact us!
most of the appliances that we restore belong to the customer, so don’t think you have to buy it from us! we can customize your antique appliance any way you want! custom colors are also available to fit your decor. we have restored antique appliances for customers all over the united states as well as internationally!
check out our finished projects: hot past projects and cool past projects pages.
 
unrestored 1954 general electric
are you looking to buy an antique appliance?
we have antique appliances that haven’t been restored yet. check out our “unrestored antique stove inventory” or our “unrestored antique refrigerators inventory”  for options to start your antique appliance restoration project. we also have a classified ad section section as well.
there are precious few of our antique appliances that are restored and ready for purchase. if we happen to have any, they are listed in the ‘feature items’ section. you’d better hurry as these tend to sell very fast. do you like the vintage look but want all the modern amenities? be sure to visit the reproductions page of our site.

our key to success!
experience, knowledge and quality craftsmanship is our key to our success! our craftsmen restore all makes of antique stoves and refrigerators. we use environmentally safe, high quality enamels and materials. we can also add unique exterior design concepts.
with a reputation for quality and dependability, our craftsmen go far beyond the antique appliance restoration found in backyard antique refurbishing. each unique antique appliance restoration is given a complete 100-point check.
 



 store hours
mon-thurs 7:30-5:00 est
friday and saturdays by appt.
closed on sundays.










 antique appliances
30 west savannah st.
p.o. box 389
clayton, ga. 30525
phone: 706-782-3132
store hours
mon-thurs 7:30-5:00 est
friday and saturdays by appt.
closed on sundays.

antique stoves
antique refrigerators
hot past projects
cool past projects
classifieds
parts store
contact us






© copyright 2025 - antique appliances 






scroll to top















































