      
	dhrm home
  




 




















 





   
 department of human resource management







search
when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.






















menu

work for va
employment opportunities
salary and job structure
employee benefits
cova internship connection
internships
veteran resources
public service student loan forgiveness program
state employees
employee resourcesbenefits employee discounts program pay and holiday calendar
diversity, opportunity, and inclusion
learning and development
adjunct emergency workforce
hr partnerspolicies and resources
hr policies
forms
reports
executive resources

public interest
freedom of information request procurement
contractor training
dhrm commonwealth data point about dhrm contact uswebsite feedback







previous


next













featured programs and highlights



2025 internshipsare you a student eager to gain valuable experience with the commonwealth? the cova internship connection is excited to announce the launch of summer 2025 internship opportunities! don’t miss out—visit the virginia jobs and cova internship connection websites today. learn more.

financial wellnessthe employee financial wellness program provides resources to help state employees achieve financial independence. make sure your financial wellness is a priority. check out the financial education offerings and resources for january!
 

employee assistance programthe stressors of life and work can be overwhelming, and finding support for coping with these challenges can be difficult. for assistance, as an enrolled health plan member under the state health benefits program, the employee assistance program
                (eap) provides the necessary resources needed to help with reducing stress and living with a mental health issue.
                 learn more about eap...








upcoming events and activities






february 2025 financial wellness program 



1 february, 2025-28 february, 2025 





fall protection – don’t let working from heights get you down



13 february, 2025, 1 pm-4 pm 
falls continue to be a leading cause of employee injuries for the commonwealth.  a significant category of these claims involves falls from ladders, platforms and scaffolds.  this four-part course covers the requirements of the osha/vosh fall protection standard, including employer responsibilities, fall protection for employees working at heights on ladders, scaffolds, manlifts and roofs, inspection procedures and training requirements.




selling the safety investment 



6 march, 2025, 1 pm-4 pm 
management has to identify priorities depending on their mission and the financial situation of the agency. most management decisions are based on the financial position of the agency. limited funding may be available, and the safety officer must be able to compete for his/her share. to compete for these dollars, the safety officer should be able to speak to management in financial terms and prioritize needs that provide the most benefit for the least amount of economic impact. this course will give the participants strategies that will help raise awareness of the economic benefit of supporting a strong safety effort.




 ansi z10 integrating safety into business



11 march, 2025, 9 am-12 pm 
this training class will provide an overview of the provisions of the american national standard institute (ansi) z-10-2005 standard and provide helpful tips on how an agency can assess their current compliance level and then measure progress as they work toward full compliance. ansi z10 principles are compatible with standards such as international standards organization (iso) and they provide organizations with an effective tool for continual improvement of their workplace safety and health systems. 




art and science of industrial hygiene



11 march, 2025, 1 pm-4 pm 
this program covers the basics of industrial hygiene (ih) with class discussion centering on identification, evaluation, and control of potential exposures including fly ash from power plants, lead paint, asbestos, and indoor air quality.





see all events











information for:
state employees
agency hr partners
job seekers


policies and resources
hr policies
forms
reports




online
hurman/itech
learning center


public interest
foia request
procurement
about dhrm




quick links
employee discounts
pay and holiday calendar
state employee directory
contact us
website feedback 


contact information
department of human resource management
101 n. 14th street, 12th floor
richmond, va 23219
phone: 804-225-2131


twitter   
linkedin


web policy
© commonwealth of virginia 2025




 
   











 
