



modernrugs.com :: modern rugs, contemporary rugs save 30% to 60% everyday | modernrugs.com















































 contact us



cart








view cart





checkout






shopping cart
no products in your cart






total: 
products

$













login














residential rugs
hospitality rugs












trade accounts
residential
commercial









departments 









residentialdepartment
browse thousands of in-stock and made-to-order rugs, ready for quick shipping and perfect for your home.






hospitalitydepartment
geared towards designers and trade professionals, this section allows you to access our trade-partner exclusive rugs, designs, and services.





modern residential rugs


contemporary designer rugs
contemporary rugs by design
modern hand knotted tibetan rugs
modern hand tufted rugs
luxury modern rugs
custom residential rugs
sale & clearance rugs
trade accounts




modern hospitality rugs


modern hospitality rugs
modern rugs for public spaces
commercial hand knotted tibetan rugs
modern commercial hand tufted rugs
modern commercial quickweave rugs
custom rug collections
custom commercial & contract rugs
commercial trade accounts




custom rugs


getting started
custom rugs form
custom commercial










search rugs 














search






designer rugs





shop designer rugs

browse designer rugs


christopher fareed
nani marquina rugs
by second studio
gandia blasco
i + i
marc davidson
jill rosenwald
paolo zani
barclay butera


novogratz
candice olson
julie cohn
dakota jackson
eduardo chillida
erin gates
nikki chu
diego fortunado
adam tihany










by color





 shop all colors

browse by color

beige rugsblack rugsblue rugsbrown rugs
gray rugsgreen rugsmulti-colored rugsorange rugs
pink rugspurple rugsred rugswhite rugsyellow rugs









by price





 shop all prices

browse by price

luxury rugsmid-range rugsdiscount rugsrugs on saleclearance/overstock rugs









by design





 shop all designs

browse by design

whimsical rugsmodern rugspattern rugsstriped rugsfloral rugscoastal rugs
animal print rugspop art rugsmodern bohemian rugssouthwestern rugstraditional rugs
solid rugsbordered rugsasian rugsdistressed rugsadult rugs









by shape





 shop all shapes

browse by shape



rectangular rugs
square rugs
round rugs
rug runners
odd shape rugs
octagon rugs
oval rugs











by type





 shop all types

browse by type

shag rugstibetan rugsrug padsreversible rugsflokati rugsbraided rugsoutdoor rugsgabbeh rugstextured rugsnatural fiber rugsvintage rugs









by material





 shop all materials

browse by material

wool rugssilk rugsleather rugssynthetic rugssheepskin rugsfelt rugs


sisal rugsbamboo rugscotton rugscowhide rugsnatural fiber rugs









by weave





 shop all weaves

browse by weave



hand knotted rugs
hand tufted rugs
hand loomed rugs
flatweave rugs
machine made rugs
natural leather rugs










all rugs
custom rugs






















residential | hospitality

×














apply filters and search





browse all rugs



residential rugs
hospitality rugs


your portfolios
trade accounts










shopping cart

×

no products in your cart


 view cart


 checkout



total:  products$






















































































































































































































modern and contemporary rugs
modern rugs from modernrugs.com, today's leading online retailer of modern area rugs. with over 500,000 square feet of warehouses, we stock the most comprehensive collection of modern rugs.








sitewide sale specials

enjoy incredible rugs at mass-produced prices. explore our sale rugs today.





tibetan rugs

art carpets from this century's modern masters. experience the highest quality rugs the world has to offer.





cowhide rugs

these unique contemporary cowhide rugs make a statement, creating a timeless atmosphere in any space. elevate your modern space now.





gandia blasco rugs

heirloom rugs from renowned designer gandia blasco. shop rugs by today's greatest designers.





pop art

pop art rugs. modernrugs.com features a unique slice of pop culture from any time period you can imagine. these unique rug designs make the statement, creating an edgy atmosphere in any space.







designer rugs

modern rugs designed by leading designers including christopher fareed, dakota jackson, benjamin noriega-ortiz, nanimarquina, thomas paul, gan rugs, and kim parker.





signature collection

browse through designer christopher fareed's signature hand-tufted rug collection - a fully customizable line of quality modern rugs.





natural fiber rugs

simple and elegant, the beauty of natural fibers connects us with the world of nature. these organic materials are the perfect way to bring the outdoors inside and to add a natural touch to your space. consisting of gorgeous fibers such as sisal, jute, coir, and wool, there is something for everyone in this collection.





nanimarquina rugs

designer of art carpets, coined by all and celebrated modern rug master, dedicated to the design and edition of wonderful contemporary modern designer rugs, modern carpets, and vibrant textiles.





solid color rugs

solid area rugs. shop our large collection of solid rugs offered in a variety of colors, styles, and materials.







commercial and hospitality rugs

modernrugs.com offers the largest selection of custom rugs, including the expertise to execute large scale projects into commercial and contract standards for hospitality projects. exclusive access to the site is open to our trade partners.





custom rugs to fit your design needs

in three simple steps, you can use our custom rugs program to make any rug meet exact color, size, and quality requirements.





felted sedona rugs

felt rugs add an incredible texture to your space. these rugs are a textural element that elevates any space to luxury status.





trellis rugs

browse our wide selection of trending trellis rugs featuring bold colors and contemporary symmetry. you're sure to find the perfect pattern.





new contemporary

enoy the latest rug designs. new contemporary rugs can make all the difference when designing a cutting-edge, modern space.








a new taste of luxury modern area rugs
modern rugs by top designersview now









modern rugs

art carpets from this century's modern masters. match with one of our home accessories.





mohair tibetan rugs

christopher fareed's luxury mohair rugs. ultra-soft rugs made from the finest wool of the angora goat; a textural rug with a luxurious sheen. change color and size with our custom rugs program.





textured collection

inspired by urban landscapes, making way for a statement where texture, shape, and line are the form - "it is the art piece on the floor."





retro shag rugs

super plush shag rugs hand made with 100% angora wool.





rug pads

for added luxury and longevity, our select padding are the highest quality available for area rugs. recommended for all area rugs, handmade rugs, modern rugs and oriental rugs.





flokati carpets and rugs

premium quality flokati rugs and custom flokati carpets - for a retro look.





rug cleaning and care





flatweave rugs

complement your home with select modern flatweave rugs.







world bohemian rugs

discover the vast array of modern rugs from around the world with a bohemian take.





soho collection

style from the gurus of design. when you have space to fill, you want to fill it with only those few things that count.





luxury tibetan rugs

the highest quality area rugs and carpets available today. handmade with pure tibetan wool and silk. non-skid padding recommended. see also designer area rugs.





shag carpets

hand made with wool or leather, our shaggy area rugs are a cozy and modern addition to any room setting.





mid-century modern rugs


the design aesthetic of mid-century modern rugs is modern in style and construction, aligned with the modernism movement of the period. these rugs are typically characterized by clean, simple lines and honest use of materials, and generally do not include decorative embellishments.





kids rugs

fun and playful kids rugs that are soft to the touch. for the nursery, the bedroom, the playroom, or just for fun, our area rugs for kids exemplify the finest contemporary handmade carpet for kids.





felt rugs

modern felt rugs, a new collection of our handmade area rugs. enjoy these incredible textured rugs, handcrafted from wool-felt.





clearance sale

save 50% or more on select sizes, while supplies last.







outdoor rugs

gorgeous rugs to add a creative flare to any patio, deck, or courtyard.





modern abstract rugs

abstract patterns lend themselves well to modern rugs. modern abstract rugs feature designs ranging from free-form swirls to bursts of color. some may take influence from elements of nature, like weathered rock faces or flowing streams. modern abstract rugs take many forms, making them a versatile choice for any interior.





patterned rugs

with endless variety of different unique patterns, these patterned rugs are perfect for any space.





striped rugs

you can't go wrong with a striped rug. these simple and clean designs work in any space, while making a bold flooring statement.





dare rugs

view christopher fareed's award winning dare collection modern rugs. this is erotic design redefined.





minimal rugs

minimalist rugs create a light and airy feel in any room. select from a variety of colors to match your personal contemporary style.





odd shaped rugs

these modern rugs in odd shapes are a perfect accent for your modern interior.











do you want to see more?
modern area rugs from modernrugs.com, today's leading online retailer of modern area rugs. with over 500,000 square feet of warehouses, we stock the most comprehensive collection of modern rugs anywhere.
shop now







new arrivals
free shipping *






modernrugs.com


information

about us
terms and conditions
faq
testimonials
purchasing policies
contact us


user section

login
register
order status




top categories

new arrivals
modern masters
designer rugs
world rugs
soho rugs
custom rugs




where to find us
modernrugs.com1404 n 3rd stharrisburgpa 17102
800.830.7847
+1(717) 857-7986



get the news
enjoy our unparalleled collections of tens of thousands of modern rugs. sign up for our free newsletter.

subscribe!


stay in touch
   






© 2025 modernrugs.com. all rights reserved.







modern rugs | contemporary rugs | oriental rugs | tibetan rugs | designer rugs | gabbeh rugs | silk rugs | flokati rugs | kids rugs | shag rugs | underlay pads |  nani marquina rugs | reversible | christopher fareed | wool rugs | luxury rugs | modern art | modern hand tufted rugs | traditional rugs | natural fiber rugs | trade discounts
 | about area rugs | about us | testimonials | in the press | designer accounts | faq's | contact us | terms & conditions | purchasing policies



 my portfolios view portfolio detail share your portfolio request information create a new portfolio
×customer loginforgot password? login login with facebooknot registered yet?register now! it's easy and gives you access to exclusive discounts, portfolios, and other special perks.
  accept
×send us a messagename: *email: *phone:message: *closesend message


















