


profound glass - gilson created opal - profound glass












































login  |  order status  |
                             
                               




 


searching... please wait.











            the cart is empty.
        


				{{shoppingcart.totalquantity}} item(s)
				 total:  {{shoppingcart.subtotal}}
 total:  {{shoppingcart.total}}
 






















					gilson created opal




							tumbled opal
						



							cabochons
						

















					opal prep



						crushed opal tubing
					
















sign up for our email newsletter
							











					news & current events


						11/26/2024


						happy thanksgiving y'all! we are taking wednesday through sunday off to hang out with friends and family. that means that all orders placed after today at 4pm cst today(11/26/2024) though sunday (12/1/2024) will be shipped on monday dec 2nd. we will check our email periodically so feel free to email if anything comes up. much love y'all! 



						7/17/2024


						we just put together a bunch of "glassblower's special" packs and they are now available here. get a couple before they are gone. cheers! nate



						5/30/2024


						thanks for stopping by! a couple things... usps has been having more issues lately and 1st class packages have been taking longer to be delivered. just something to keep in mind if timeliness is an issue. also, we have been working on new types of crushed opal rods - different colors, opals sizes and saturation. we think the crushed opal rods look great and i think you should check them out :) cheers to a great summer y'all! nate. 



						11/15/2023


						just a quick heads up that we will be closed for the week of thanksgiving. orders placed between sunday, nov 19th through sunday, nov 26th will be shipped on monday, nov 27th. we will be checking email and voicemail periodically so if there are any issues please email or call us. thanks and happy thanksgiving! nate



						6/12/2023


						glad to say that everything is back to normal  all aspects of the checkout are working normally. thanks for everyones patience! nate



						6/11/2023


						we ran into a technical issue on the website on friday and our developer is working on building us a solution which will take a few days to build, test and implement. in the mean time we can still take paypal orders, phone orders and credit card orders where we call for your card info or you call us. this is a temp work around which will be resolved in the next few days. thanks for checking us out! call or email with questions anytime. we'll post here with updates. cheers, nate



						1/3/2023


						happy new year! its 2023 and we are back to business as usual. i hope everyone had a nice holiday. cheers, nate



						12/22/2022


i hope everyone is having a great holiday season! we wanted to give everyone a heads up about our holiday schedule for the next couple weeks. fri - 12/23 - open and shippingsat 12/24 - closedsun 12/25 - closedmonday 12/26 - closed (so is usps,ups and fedex)tues 12/27 - open and shippingwed 12/28 - open and shippingthurs - 12/29 - open and shippingfriday 12/30 - closedsat 12/31 - closedsun 1/1 - closedmon - 1/2 - closed (so is usps,ups and fedex)tues 1/3 - open and back to business as usualwe will monitor emails/voicemails during the days we are closed to please get in touch if anything comes up and we will get back to you as soon as we can. thanks for stopping by and happy holidays! nate



						11/27/2022


						i hope everyone had a great thanksgiving holiday. just wanted to confirm that we are back in the shop and back to normal. thanks for checking us out! nate



						11/17/2022


thanksgiving holiday announcement:we are closing the shop for the thanksgiving holiday week so everyone can travel and see their friends and family after a two year hiatus. orders received after 5pm cst on friday nov. 18th  through sunday nov. 27th will be shipped on monday nov. 28th. we will monitor our email during the holiday so if something comes up please email and we will get back to you asap. happy thanksgiving y'all! nate



						6/24/2022


						thanks for stopping by! we have added the ability to order our jet black crushed opal tubing by the pound and save yourself $20 a pound over when we post the wysiwyg tubes. also, if you have a specific color or pattern you'd like to see email us and we'll do our best to it into production. cheers, nate



						4/15/2022


						we've made some changes to our international shipping options and pricing. due to the 400% increase is the price of usps international shipping over the last few years we've had to remove usps intl first class airmail as one of our free shipping options. the good news is fed ex international shipping is still free for orders over $200! usps international first class airmail is now $15.00



						11/24/2021


						this thanksgiving we are going to be closed for the holiday weekend (thursday - sunday) and back in full force on monday 11/29/21. we hope everyone gets to see there loved ones this year after so many missing the occasion last year. safe travels and happy thanksgiving!



						5/5/2021


first and foremost, thank you for stopping by and checking us out. please email/call/chat if we can be helpful.shipping news: the usps is pretty much back to normal (based on our recent delivery stats). unless you need your order asap the free usps shipping option is again a great choice. we will continue to offer fedex shipping for free on orders over $200 and free usps on orders over $50. crushed opal tubing: we continue to update this section every few days with new tubes. if you have a color you'd like to see please let us know and we will see what we can do. pot leaf opals: we've cut another batch of leaf opals. they came out great!thanks again for stopping by! nate



						2/23/2021


we are back to normal here at profound after  that impressive winter storm named uri. we lost power, heat, water, internet and so on  for a few days but thankfully that is now behind us - its 75 degrees today if you can believe it! despite this, fedex, ups and usps say they do not expect to be getting back to normal until the end of the week due to a large back log of shipments. therefore, despite us shipping things asap, there will likely be a delay in your shipment being delivered.please msg us if you have questions about shipping times. cheers, nate 



						2/17/2021


						we are having a shipping delay due to fedex and usps suspending operations in austin tx due to the winter weather that has cut power to 500,000 homes and businesses for the last three days. looks like the weather should let up on thursday (18th) or friday (19th). please email us if you have questions. sorry for that hassle y'all. nate



						1/19/2021


						its been a couple years since we have printed hoodies ....but i'm happy to let you know we just finished a small batch of high quality, super soft hoodies. be sure to check them out! thanks for stopping by! nate



						8/5/2020


thanks for stopping by! 
we are continuing to update our crushed opal tubing page every few days so please be sure to check back often. also, if you are looking to have a custom pull done please give us a call or email to discuss the details. also - the usps is taking forever to deliver some packages. this is especially true for shipments into california (really the entire west coast). if you want/need timely delivery please consider fedex when checking out. give us a call if you have questions 877-844-5573. 

cheers! nate



						5/25/2020


just posted a new t-shirt design by wb72. its a heater! also, we have been updating our crushed opal tubing section every few days. this latest batch has some clear tubes which are great to sleeve over the color tube of your choice. we also posted some rainbow lined tubes which are great for wigwags.happy memorial day! nate 



						5/6/2020


hard to believe its may! we continue to ship daily and are here at the shop during normal business hours. seems that usps, fedex and ups are back to normal and the delays experienced earlier in april have been worked out. we are adding new crushed opal tubes almost daily so be sure to check back often if you are looking for something specific.we also added "encaseable diamonds" to our offerings. there are very cool and keep the outline of a diamond once encased. use them just like an opal and you wont experience any issues. thanks for stopping by! nate



						4/10/2020


just a quick update on what we are up to here at profound glass. yes we are still open and shipping monday - saturday. seems that all the parcel carriers are experiencing issues. the usps seems slower then usual and fedex and ups are having trouble with tracking updates though packages are still arriving on time for the most part.we are updating our crushed opal tubing section regularly so be sure to check it out. if you have a specific color/size/weight combo you are looking for please get in touch. we probably have it.i hope everyone is staying safe! best, nate



						3/24/2020


i wanted to provide a quick update due to the covid-19 events over the last couple weeks. yes, we are open for business, taking orders and shipping orders same or next business day. yes, we are taking an abundance of precautions to stay safe as i hope you are too. we will be updating our crushed opal tubing section with a bunch of new pieces this week so keep an eye out for that. seems that the usps delivery times are becoming a bit slower, similar to xmas time, so please keep that in mind when choosing a shipping option. please stay healthy! nate



						2/20/2020


						we have added mint galaxy crushed opal as a permanent addition to our crushed opal line up. give is a try and let us know what you think! thanks for stopping by - nate



						1/8/2020


						happy new year folks! its 2020 and we are excited to show off our new line of crushed opal tubing. we are starting with our white crushed opal over jet black and will be adding new offerings in the coming weeks/months. our crushed opal tubing is available in 1/2 pound lots and full pound lots. give it a try and let us know what you think. cheers to a new year and thanks for stopping by, nate



						7/24/2019


we recently restocked and expanded our pre-encased opal offerings and have all of 12mm and 15mm opal coins encased in simax and ready to go. also excited about our current t-shirt collection with most of my favorites in stock. i especially love the "cat trip" design by austin local consume design. thanks again for stopping by and we hope you have a great rest of your summer! nate



						3/16/2019


						thanks for stopping by!

we recently added some new gilson rough pieces here. if you'd like more images of a specific piece don't hesitate to email or call.

also, you have to check out or new opal containers! they really are perfect for all things opal. 

wishing everyone a great spring. nate



						1/14/2019


thanks for stopping by and happy new year.

to kick off the new year we introducing our new opal container. its metal so it doesn't melt, perfect for keeping track of all your opals and it even fits nicely into a back pocket! we are truly excited for 2019 and have some fun projects in the works. so keep an eye out and check back soon.

the profound glass crew




						8/7/2018


						welcome to you new favorite t-shirt! the "opal wizard" is our latest shirt design and consists of 8 bright and beautiful colors and was designed for us by tallboy of night watch studios in portland or. seriously, you are going to love this shirt! nate



						7/29/2018


						don't forget to check out the "saturday shape" section where we feature a new opal shape every saturday morning. its been great fun so far and we have featured shapes like puzzle pieces, whales, game boys and even a vw bus! thanks for stopping by!



						6/22/2018


						 are you asking yourself what opals are the best bang for your buck? can't decide which opals to try next? don't have time to dig through our vast opal selection :) ? we are here to help with our discounted sample packs. since introducing them a few month ago we have really dialed them in and believe they are a great selection of stones at a really great price. all the stones are first quality (if you want a 2nd quality sample pack go here) are ready to go into your art. thanks for stopping by! nate






				about us

				at profound glass we specialize in gilson opal and pride ourselves on high quality products, great prices and
				top notch service. thanks for stopping by!!

				profound glass works, llc.
1(877)844-5573
grandpa@profoundglass.com
				po box 161988 austin tx 78716
				10 am - 5 pm cst monday thru friday
				10 am - 2 pm cst on saturdays

				order online or by phone with:






















products
gilson created opal
  rough opal
  tumbled opal
  cabochons
  chips
glass jewelry
  glass rings
  glass pendants



about us
about us
contact us
testimonials
our guarantee


learn
shipping
free shipping offer
ordering f.a.q.
international orders
wholesale
glassblowing f.a.q.
glass & opal tutorial


shop:
specials
new arrivals
recently viewed
search
store map





                    	copyright 1998 - 2025 -  profound glass - 2734 trail of madrones, austin, tx 78746, us	

                    	contact us: grandpa@profoundglass.com or toll free at 1-877-844-5573
                    








×
global message














quick view


















