












bricker graydon llp



















bricker graydon llp






















main content
main menu

search










menu


why bricker graydonwhy bricker graydonwhat sets us apartdeicommunitypro bonoglobal partnershipsaffiliationsindustries & practicesteaminsights & resourcesinsights & resourcesresource centersnewseventspublicationsblogspodcastssubscribeexperienceexperiencesuccessesnational experiencecareerscareerscultureattorneysprofessional stafflaw studentsmansfield rulecontactcontactbarnesvillecincinnaticlevelandcolumbusdaytonindianakentuckylebanonliberty centerover-the-rhine









authenticconnectionsour relationships run deep because we’re always there – sharing our knowledge, anticipating what lies ahead, navigating change and forging a way to the best outcomes.



communitycommitment our team is filled with community leaders with a passion for making a difference. we acknowledge that the strength of a community lies in the collaborative efforts of its members.











recent firm highlights
the bricker graydon difference


bricker graydon is about building relationships with our clients and the communities we serve. with deep knowledge and even deeper empathy, we remain connected to you.







champions & challengersdiscussions on the legal edge of fintechlearn more about champions & challengers



growing futuresenhancing housing development across the statelearn more about growing futures



our eventscheck out our upcoming eventslearn more about our events



commitment to diversitywe are mansfield rule 7.0 certified pluslearn more about commitment to diversity



hr matters bloglabor and employment bloglearn more about hr matters blog



trending insights





media mentionmelissa carleton quoted in usa today article on executive orders and education



alerttitle ix quick hits for k-12



announcementbricker graydon announces 2025 new partners


view and register for upcoming eventscareers





meet our teamin addition to being first-rate legal professionals, we are painters, magicians - moms and grandpas. while some of us live on farms and others live in condos downtown, all of us share a strong commitment to our communities.meet our team



join bricker graydonif you are a talented and driven legal professional looking to join a dynamic and growing team, our future is brighter than ever. browse our current career opportunities and apply today to take the next step in your career.join bricker graydon






jump to page










bricker graydon llpfooterlogo

























twitter




instagram



facebook



linkedin



youtube



arrow




				 subscribe

privacy policy
site map
© 2025 bricker graydon llp
site by firmseek






by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy.


manage cookies
accept & close






necessary cookies
necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. you may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.


analytical cookies


on

off

analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. we access and process information from these cookies at an aggregate level.

close







