


















sap user networking, education, research, and events - asug
































skip to main content














menu



close menu 








close search 





search


search
 




insights


content collections


events


membership




log in

















                            experience the power of community
                        



our members make up the world’s largest network of sap customers, partners, and professionals. together, we drive organizations, teams, and careers forward by expanding what’s possible with sap solutions.



                                    join us
                                








          insights
        









marissa gilbert
7 min. read


asug members embrace the future in 2024 pulse of the sap customer research results










jim lichtenwalter
3 min. read


across the asug member ecosystem, adoption of sap business technology platform is accelerating










isaac feldberg
5 min. read


inside corning’s btp center for enablement



gain valuable insights from the latest research, best practices, and expert perspectives on current sap issues and solutions. explore all insights




upcoming events












                                what's new from sap security patch? – february 2025
                            

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                    
                                february 19, 2025
                            

                                                                    
                                                                            join the sap security expert, frank buchholz, sap coe security services, for a monthly webcast series detailing the…
                                                                                                

                                    register now
                                













                                4 exciting ways ai is unlocking greater value & profitability within the source-to-pay cycle: a demo of esker’s s2p solution
                            

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                    
                                february 19, 2025
                            

                                                                    
                                                                            in partnership with esker, this asug webcast will deliver insights designed to support your work with sap technology.as…
                                                                                                

                                    register now
                                













                                sap service and asset manager roadmap and planned innovations for an amazing mobile experience
                            

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                    
                                february 19, 2025
                            

                                                                    
                                                                            in partnership with sap, this asug webcast will deliver insights designed to support your work with sap…
                                                                                                

                                    register now
                                













join asug, the largest sap user group.

asug is america's largest network of sap customers, partners, and professionals. we help people and organizations get the most value from their sap technology investments by connecting members to invaluable opportunities, including independent, real-world expertise and educational resources that help you get smart fast—so you can save time, avoid obstacles, and accomplish more.



                  join asug
              









learn
tap into the collective expertise of the asug community and connect with like-minded peers who understand your challenges. browse articles, asug research, on-demand webcasts, podcasts, conferences, networking events and more to help you with your sap investments.
stay informed on the latest sap insights

connect
join the largest sap user community and connect to peers and experts at a local and national level enabling you and your organization to make smarter decisions, overcome challenges, and support you on your sap journey.
expand your network

grow
asug is here to help you and your company advance your expertise, develop your skills, and build your sap community.
increase your expertise









join the asug community

through networking opportunities, education, research, and ongoing advocacy, asug helps our members make more possible.


explore membership



                                    customer
                                



                                    partners
                                
















about
media
partners
talent hub
log in





 

 



contact

        20 n. upper wacker dr. suite 1810
        chicago, illinois 60606
      
memberservices@asug.com
312.321.5142









 copyright© 2015 to 2025 asug®

terms of use
privacy statement
membership details
code of conduct



all sap products are the trademarks or registered trademarks of sap se in germany and in several other countries. all other brands, logos, and product names are registered trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. americas' sap users' group is a membership-driven organization that is independent of sap se.



















