









the photography of photographer phillip w. cohen - torrance california - los angeles - south bay














the 
        photography of
phillip w. cohen 
  view our gallery of assorted images


 travel 
        images    portraits    studio 
        images    photo series  

 
        4
        visitors online 


















 assorted 
        images    product 
      photography




commercial, industrial, portrait and product photography. catalog photos, head shots, annual report, and family portraits. 

            we shoot both digital and film, lab and digital retouching on premises.
studio: 
            2400 w. carson st. #110
            torrance, ca 90501
310-613-7826  call for app.







 links   guestbook   
	  studio info    contact us




















 photo 
        chat   screen 
        calibration   online 
      store


 



 
 
 
 
in remembrance of a good friend
jerry hoke
click here  



 
              4294
               






 




images 
  from around the world including indonesia, mexico, brazil, hong kong, south 
  africa, japan, and others.
portrait 
  photography including children, head shots, classic, high key, low key, and 
  glamour.

photographs 
  shot in the studio, fine art, advertising, commercial & industrial, and 
  macro photography.
photographic 
  series and studies. black and white, underwater, locations, children, animals, abstracts, 
  and other photographic themes.

assorted 
  images from around the world.

early 
  digital images take with an original nikon coolpix 900. photos from new orleans, 
  south africa, las vegas and other places around the world.



links 
  to other photography related sites.
please 
  sign my guest book, leave a comment or suggestion.
my 
  studio is located in torrance, california. specializing in product, portrait, 
  commercial & industrial photography. this site contains sample photographs 
  of many interesting subjects taken around the world and in the studio. 

  thank you for visiting, please fill out he guest book and leave a comment.
photography 
  forum and message board. a place to post questions and messages related to photography. 
  


sample product photography 
  used in catalogs, slick sheets, packaging, mailers and brochures. here are a few samples of various product photographs.
  

a partial listing of our equipment inventory and facilities. we are well equipped to shoot your next project either in the studio, at your location or in the field. 


 


