ï»¿





radiance magazine online

























 













 


☰
home kids project
back issues 


kids project
back issues 



















































support for


						plus-size teens



 
				
















body acceptance now!




enjoy some highlights
from our last issue! 



 
				





special features








the amazing cheryl 
							haworth wins the bronze at sydney 2000 olympics!




working with fat children in the schools
just fat, not 
							stupid! teenage girls write about body image 
							and size discrimination
don't sweat 
							it! tips for surviving summer
diabetes: a 
							gentle approach to a tough problem
gettin' active!  
							big women find sports they enjoy










about radiance 







radiance: the magazine for large women, 
						was created in 1984 and was published quarterly for 16 years. its purpose was to support women "all 
						sizes of large" in living proud, full, active lives, at whatever weight, with self-love and 
						self-respect.
during those 16 years, radiance grew to 
						become one of the most trusted and valued resources in the worldwide size acceptance movement.
as of december 2000, we put the printing 
						of radiance on hold. we have developed a very 
						full and inspiring web site with highlights from our many years in print.  i invite you to 
						take a look around our site and take advantage of all the information, interviews, features, artwork, 
						book reviews, personal essays, poetry, resources, and support that is available to you.
click on
						back issues to find the links to lots of articles and essays 
						for your online reading!






						alice ansfield, publisher, editor, founder

i'm glad you found radiance.  
						i'm honored to be able to offer you our body of work from our many years in print. may
						radiance help light your 
						way on your path to greater self-love and acceptance.



radiance kids project!

join 
						in our efforts to help kids of all ages feel seen, loved, and valued for who they are, whatever 
						their size or shape. our kids project area is a must-read for 
						children and teens, and for those who work with kids (parents, teachers, counselors, health professionals).  
						help the kids in your life feel good about themselves now.





meet editor alice  
plus-size modeling




size-positive books
recipes & seasonal delights







 






radiance.
the magazine for large women
this site maintained by cory computer systems.entire site, text, and images copyright
	
	, radiance: the magazine for large women






