
ten tips on coping with pet loss
















support groupscounselorspet cemeteries

al   
ak   
az   
ar   
ca   
co   
ct   
de   
dc   
fl   
ga   
hi   
id   
il   
in   
ia   
ks  
ky   
la   
me   
md   
ma   
mi   
mn   
ms   
mo   
mt   
ne   
nv   
nh   
nj   
nm   
ny   
nc   
nd   
oh   
ok   
or   
pa   
ri   
sc   
sd   
tn   
tx   
ut   
vt  
va   
wa   
wv   
wi   
wy 
canada  
uk  
aust/nz 
new: virtual pet loss support groups
add or update your listing






home · 
handouts · 
links · 
pet loss hotlines · 
list your organization ·
list your product
emotions of pet loss |
defining "quality of life" | 
pre-loss bereavement  | 
surviving loss  |
conquering guilt | 
creating a memorial | 
helping children cope |
euthanasia: the most painful decision | 
the final farewell |
do pets go to heaven? | 
getting a new pet | 
send in the clones? | 
some questions on loss  | 
pet loss bereavement studies seeking your assistance 
get more help: coping with sorrow on the loss of your pet 



visit our sponsors!
list your product or service

condolence gifts

memorial/cremation jewelry

memorial products

urns & caskets

headstones & markers

portraits and artwork

helping kids cope

books, cds and videos

online memorials & services

preservation
pet loss websitesgoodtherapy.org?





ten tips on coping with pet loss
by moira anderson allen, m.ed.
anyone who considers a pet a beloved friend, companion, or
      family member knows the intense pain that accompanies the loss
      of that friend. following are some tips on coping with that grief,
      and with the difficult decisions one faces upon the loss of a
      pet.
1. am i crazy to hurt so much?
intense grief over the loss of a pet is normal and natural.
      don't let anyone tell you that it's silly, crazy, or overly sentimental
      to grieve!
during the years you spent with your pet (even if they were
      few), it became a significant and constant part of your life.
      it was a source of comfort and companionship, of unconditional
      love and acceptance, of fun and joy. so don't be surprised if
      you feel devastated by the loss of such a relationship.
people who don't understand the pet/owner bond may not understand
      your pain. all that matters, however, is how you feel. don't
      let others dictate your feelings: they are valid, and may be
      extremely painful. but remember, you are not alone: thousands
      of pet owners have gone through the same feelings.
2. what can i expect to feel?
different people experience grief in different ways. besides
      your sorrow and loss, you may also experience the following emotions:


guilt may occur if you feel responsible for your pet's
        death-the "if only i had been more careful" syndrome.
        it is pointless and often erroneous to burden yourself with guilt
        for the accident or illness that claimed your pet's life, and
        only makes it more difficult to resolve your grief.
        denial makes it difficult to accept that your pet
        is really gone. it's hard to imagine that your pet won't greet
        you when you come home, or that it doesn't need its evening meal.
        some pet owners carry this to extremes, and fear their pet is
        still alive and suffering somewhere. others find it hard to get
        a new pet for fear of being "disloyal" to the old.
        anger may be directed at the illness that killed your
        pet, the driver of the speeding car, the veterinarian who "failed"
        to save its life. sometimes it is justified, but when carried
        to extremes, it distracts you from the important task of resolving
        your grief.
        depression is a natural consequence of grief, but
        can leave you powerless to cope with your feelings. extreme depression
        robs you of motivation and energy, causing you to dwell upon
        your sorrow.
      
3. what can i do about my feelings?
the most important step you can take is to be honest about
      your feelings. don't deny your pain, or your feelings of anger
      and guilt. only by examining and coming to terms with your feelings
      can you begin to work through them.
you have a right to feel pain and grief! someone you loved
      has died, and you feel alone and bereaved. you have a right to
      feel anger and guilt, as well. acknowledge your feelings first,
      then ask yourself whether the circumstances actually justify
      them.
locking away grief doesn't make it go away. express it. cry,
      scream, pound the floor, talk it out. do what helps you the most.
      don't try to avoid grief by not thinking about your pet; instead,
      reminisce about the good times. this will help you understand
      what your pet's loss actually means to you.
some find it helpful to express their feelings and memories
      in poems, stories, or letters to the pet. other strategies including
      rearranging your schedule to fill in the times you would have
      spent with your pet; preparing a memorial such as a photo collage;
      and talking to others about your loss.
4. who can i talk to?
if your family or friends love pets, they'll understand what
      you're going through. don't hide your feelings in a misguided
      effort to appear strong and calm! working through your feelings
      with another person is one of the best ways to put them in perspective
      and find ways to handle them. find someone you can talk to about
      how much the pet meant to you and how much you miss it-someone
      you feel comfortable crying and grieving with.
if you don't have family or friends who understand, or if
      you need more help, ask your veterinarian or humane association
      to recommend a pet loss counselor or support group. check with
      your church or hospital for grief counseling. remember, your
      grief is genuine and deserving of support.
5. when is the right time to euthanize a pet?
your veterinarian is the best judge of your pet's physical
      condition; however, you are the best judge of the quality of
      your pet's daily life. if a pet has a good appetite, responds
      to attention, seeks its owner's company, and participates in
      play or family life, many owners feel that this is not the time.
      however, if a pet is in constant pain, undergoing difficult and
      stressful treatments that aren't helping greatly, unresponsive
      to affection, unaware of its surroundings, and uninterested in
      life, a caring pet owner will probably choose to end the beloved
      companion's suffering.
evaluate your pet's health honestly and unselfishly with your
      veterinarian. prolonging a pet's suffering in order to prevent
      your own ultimately helps neither of you. nothing can make this
      decision an easy or painless one, but it is truly the final act
      of love that you can make for your pet.
6. should i stay during euthanasia?
many feel this is the ultimate gesture of love and comfort
      you can offer your pet. some feel relief and comfort themselves
      by staying: they were able to see that their pet passed peacefully
      and without pain, and that it was truly gone. for many, not witnessing
      the death (and not seeing the body) makes it more difficult to
      accept that the pet is really gone. however, this can be traumatic,
      and you must ask yourself honestly whether you will be able to
      handle it. uncontrolled emotions and tears-though natural-are
      likely to upset your pet.
some clinics are more open than others to allowing the owner
      to stay during euthanasia. some veterinarians are also willing
      to euthanize a pet at home. others have come to an owner's car
      to administer the injection. again, consider what will be least
      traumatic for you and your pet, and discuss your desires and
      concerns with your veterinarian. if your clinic is not able to
      accommodate your wishes, request a referral.
7. what do i do next?
when a pet dies, you must choose how to handle its remains.
      sometimes, in the midst of grief, it may seem easiest to leave
      the pet at the clinic for disposal. check with your clinic to
      find out whether there is a fee for such disposal. some shelters
      also accept such remains, though many charge a fee for disposal.
if you prefer a more formal option, several are available.
      home burial is a popular choice, if you have sufficient property
      for it. it is economical and enables you to design your own funeral
      ceremony at little cost. however, city regulations usually prohibit
      pet burials, and this is not a good choice for renters or people
      who move frequently.
to many, a pet cemetery provides a sense of dignity, security,
      and permanence. owners appreciate the serene surroundings and
      care of the gravesite. cemetery costs vary depending on the services
      you select, as well as upon the type of pet you have. cremation
      is a less expensive option that allows you to handle your pet's
      remains in a variety of ways: bury them (even in the city), scatter
      them in a favorite location, place them in a columbarium, or
      even keep them with you in a decorative urn (of which a wide
      variety are available).
check with your veterinarian, pet shop, or phone directory
      for options available in your area. consider your living situation,
      personal and religious values, finances, and future plans when
      making your decision. it's also wise to make such plans in advance,
      rather than hurriedly in the midst of grief.
8. what should i tell my children?
you are the best judge of how much information your children
      can handle about death and the loss of their pet. don't underestimate
      them, however. you may find that, by being honest with them about
      your pet's loss, you may be able to address some fears and misperceptions
      they have about death.
honesty is important. if you say the pet was "put to
      sleep," make sure your children understand the difference
      between death and ordinary sleep. never say the pet "went
      away," or your child may wonder what he or she did to make
      it leave, and wait in anguish for its return. that also makes
      it harder for a child to accept a new pet. make it clear that
      the pet will not come back, but that it is happy and free of
      pain.
never assume a child is too young or too old to grieve. never
      criticize a child for tears, or tell them to "be strong"
      or not to feel sad. be honest about your own sorrow; don't try
      to hide it, or children may feel required to hide their grief
      as well. discuss the issue with the entire family, and give everyone
      a chance to work through their grief at their own pace.
9. will my other pets grieve?
pets observe every change in a household, and are bound to
      notice the absence of a companion. pets often form strong attachments
      to one another, and the survivor of such a pair may seem to grieve
      for its companion. cats grieve for dogs, and dogs for cats.
you may need to give your surviving pets a lot of extra attention
      and love to help them through this period. remember that, if
      you are going to introduce a new pet, your surviving pets may
      not accept the newcomer right away, but new bonds will grow in
      time. meanwhile, the love of your surviving pets can be wonderfully
      healing for your own grief.
10. should i get a new pet right away?
generally, the answer is no. one needs time to work through
      grief and loss before attempting to build a relationship with
      a new pet. if your emotions are still in turmoil, you may resent
      a new pet for trying to "take the place" of the old-for
      what you really want is your old pet back. children in particular
      may feel that loving a new pet is "disloyal" to the
      previous pet.
when you do get a new pet, avoid getting a "lookalike"
      pet, which makes comparisons all the more likely. don't expect
      your new pet to be "just like" the one you lost, but
      allow it to develop its own personality. never give a new pet
      the same name or nickname as the old. avoid the temptation to
      compare the new pet to the old one: it can be hard to remember
      that your beloved companion also caused a few problems when it
      was young!
a new pet should be acquired because you are ready to move
      forward and build a new relationship-rather than looking backward
      and mourning your loss. when you are ready, select an animal
      with whom you can build another long, loving relationship-because
      this is what having a pet is all about!
(for more information on choosing a new pet and determining
      when the time is right, please see ten tips on choosing a new pet.)

to print or distribute this information...

this article, and most of the articles on this site, are now available for free distribution.  each article has been formatted both as a 3- or 4-fold brochure and as a text handout.  for more information and to download these free handouts, please visit our handouts and reprints page.

 


      a poem for the grieving...

	  do not stand at my grave and weep.
      i am not there, i do not sleep.
      i am a thousand winds that blow,
      i am the diamond glints on snow.
      i am the sunlight on ripened grain,
      i am the gentle autumn's rain.
      when you awaken in the morning's hush,
      i am the swift uplifting rush
      of quiet birds in circled flight.
      i am the stars that shine at night.
      do not stand at my grave and cry,
      i am not there, i did not die...
--mary frye 











when a pet dies, you want help... fast!

you'll find it in moira allen's coping with sorrow on the loss of your pet.  in a book filled with comfort, compassion and support, you'll find the tools and tips you need to:





understand the feelings you're going through -- and find ways to ease the pain
"say good-bye" with memorials, tributes and other coping strategies
help your children and other family members deal with their grief
deal with people who "just don't understand"
help surviving pets cope with the loss of a missing companion
come to terms with the guilt we so often feel when a pet dies
handle the agonizing decision of euthanasia
choose the best and most comforting "final resting place" for your pet
determine when and how to bring a new companion into your home (how soon is too soon?)
improve your chances of recovering a lost or stolen pet
help a friend cope with loss



coping with sorrow on the loss of your pet celebrates over 30 years in print - our expanded third edition is available from amazon.com in print and kindle editions!* 
*(please note that these are affiliate links.  as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases.)

quantity discounts are also available; please visit our quantity orders page for details.

 



copyright
© 2025 by moira anderson allen. 

all rights reserved. for information about our pet loss handouts, or about reprinting material on this site, please visit our handouts, rights and permissions page.  
please read our new privacy statement.


