alpha disaster contingencies





               

an online (and i.r.l.) disaster preparedness community for advanced skills... "we get out and do it"


have a planit's all about personal responsibility.
keep it legal, keep it safe, keep it sane!
get out there and practice!!
prepare for the worst, but work for the best.
what are you doing for your community?
25+ years and still growing!
(disaster-relief/military/government copyrights departments - click here for article-use requests)

click here to get the distilled message of preparedness.


site index
new basic articlesevery month!
preparedness information
01 january 2025
survival stories
01 march 2020
law enforcement military and                  personal defense
01 march 2020
basic nbc
01 march 2020
primitive survival
01 march 2020
medical
01 march 2020
electronics, commo& ham info
01 july 2021
homestead & preparing with kids
01 april 2024
alternative energy
01 january 2021
bug out vehicles
01 december 2022
camp fire chats and videos
01 november 2015
product and book                 reviews
01 december 2019
links
01 january 2014


 
 the rubicon rubicon entrance
(note: new membership positions are available! click here for details about membership!!)





 
    

   

  
 
alpha has been online since 05/15/95and accepts no paid advertising.
  

the rubiconfacta non verba
note: new membership positions are available! click here for details about membership!!

the alpha poncho tent(updated: 31 march 2013)charity after acoms
are you rubicon material?what is "the rubicon"?
rubies have fun!!! beware the lunatic fringe

"..but everyone knows..."intolerance
"preparedness" vs "survivalism"riding fences at serenity ranch with horses

"a human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently and die gallantly. specialization is for insects."
-- robert a. heinlein

committed to the fight against terrorism
alpha/rubicon is proud to be a provider of training literature to the u.s. army war college, the united states military, cdc/nceh/atsdr, u.s. and canadian government agencies, nato allies, state & county emergency services, and disaster relief organizations around the world!
(copyrights departments, please use our "contact@" address for article-use permission. thank you, but there is no charge for article use)

want to make a donation to alpha/rubicon?
 
welcome to the alpha/rubicon server!!
please bookmark this site! 
this site is for the self-reliant who want to share information with others of like mind, and then get out and practice. we believe that it doesn't matter what type of disaster causes a survival situation, your mind (and preps) should be well-rounded enough to allow you to live, and work, through it. we're committed to making sure that every decent person  has the knowledge to help them and their families live through any crisis!
it's not enough to simply "survive", you must also "live"!
with the influx of disaster response professionals to this site, and the many requests for sharing disaster related information with other professionals around the world, we're adding more information regularly! whether you're a hazmat specialist, state disaster coordinator, doctor, paramedic, police officer, a community leader, or a lone family out there preparing against personal disaster, we have the proven information here you need to stay on top, and more importantly, to stay safe, survive, and live!
we provide information on the areas of disaster preparedness, self-reliance, disaster response, rescue, all aspects of disaster avoidance and survival skills.
rescue workers, emergency services workers, doctors, peace officers, soldiers, national guard trainers, ham radio operators, etc., are welcomed and encouraged to participate and/or use the information here for training or personal purposes. our information comes from the experience of professionals all over the globe, learn from the experiences of others.
fallout simulator - an excellent shareware program that allows you to enter a nuke yield in kilotons and a windspeed. the program will then compute the distance from ground zero that the fallout will spread at given intervals and the strength        of the radiation dose. with yields above 50kt, a map of the world appears and you can pick a target to simulate an attack. use this to plan your disaster response operations or evacuation routes. size - 60kb, in zip format, works with dos or windows.
 
 
the hot pages provide quick access to information immediately relevant to evolving situations:
hot pages

safe room squirrel cage fanthe "fan in a can" for virus protection               -warlord 
h5n1 & covid-19 protection information
new hepa filter, covid-19 part one of two               -spitfire 
avian influenza (h5n1) and covid-19 preparations               -fairplay 
basic gear for a nbc attack               -sarge 
biothreat               - s. johnson, edd
scene size-up               -palehorse 
nerve agents-briannj
nerve agents               (another article)-swabbie
depression-rhino 
urban invisibility-goshin 
bov tips               -gm3
bug out plan               -twist996 
off road driving-schtoo 
basic nbc-index page 
 


have a plan

child fund
you can make a difference in the world


aeas
automated exercise & assessment system
 
hot links
 
stratforexcellent intel
jane's information groupinfo & analysis
worldnetdaily                 top quality news
 

are other preparedness minded people near you?(if you have your browser's settings on "privacy mode" or set to "ask sites not to track you", your visit will not be saved on this map!
we value your privacy!)
 

this site is hosted byrubicon members  www.alpharubicon.comall materials at this site not otherwise credited are copyright © 1996 - 2024 trip williams. all rights reserved. may be reproduced for personal use only. use of any material contained herein is subject to stated terms or written permission. 
