

weight-loss program: lose weight. gain health | weightwatchers



skip to main contentskip to footerpointsweight-loss medicationsworkshopsdietitianshow ww worksfind a workshoploginpointsweight-loss medicationsget compounded semaglutideget wegovy®take the quizworkshopsdietitianshow ww worksfind a workshoploginweight-loss program: lose weight. gain health | weightwatchers[{"type":"span","children":[{"text":"join now"}]}]ends tomorrow: join for as low as $10/month!offer termsweight loss. health gains.choose the path that fits you.get our trusted points® programnew! access weight-loss medsnew! personalized meal planning with a dietitiancoach-led workshops with other membersnot sure? let's find the solution for you.take our quizhurry, offer ends tomorrow!starting at $10/monthbonus: get your first month free with code goalsyour goals + this offer = true love.with select plan purchase. offer termsjoin nowlose 3.5x more weight with us.*we just got some big upgrades!our program is now easier to follow, easier to stick with, and more effective than ever before.see what's new*based on a 6-month randomized controlled trial (n=376) that compared participants following ww to those given standard nutritional guidelines alone. palacios et al. 2024. manuscript under review. funded by ww international, inc.what weightwatchers is all aboutthe #1 doctor-recommended weight-loss program†take our quiz†based on a 2023 survey by cerner enviza of 500 doctors who recommend weight-loss programs to patients.weightwatchers now offers more science backed ways to help you lose weight, including affordable medication access.simplify shopping, cooking, and eating healthy with practical tools in our award-winning app–now upgraded with new, smarter features.get expert guidance from doctors, registered dietitians, and coaches trained in weight-loss techniques.take our quiz†based on a 2023 survey by cerner enviza of 500 doctors who recommend weight-loss programs to patients.how our weight-loss program works1take our 5-minute quiz to find the right path for you, then sign up for your membership.2download the weightwatchers app and answer some quick questions. you'll immediately get a nutrition plan and points to "spend" each day.3start making healthier choices: our weight-loss program guides you to eat more nutritious foods and helps you find portion sizes that are right for you.4get the most out of what your plan offers. meet members in the app or at workshops. book a 1:1 with your weightwatchers clinician or registered dietitian.take our quizjoin millions of members on their weight-loss journeysi lost weight and i’ve lowered my blood glucose, and created a lifestyle that will support a long-term, normal a1c.ww member dana r.lost 37 lbs^my labs are a testament that weight loss improved my health: i’ve gone off of blood pressure, cholesterol, and thyroid meds.ww member rachel k.lost 115 lbs^i’m more comfortable in my own skin. i was always doubting where i went—i don’t have that fear anymore.ww member august m.lost 164 lbs^i lost weight and i’ve lowered my blood glucose, and created a lifestyle that will support a long-term, normal a1c.ww member dana r.lost 37 lbs^my labs are a testament that weight loss improved my health: i’ve gone off of blood pressure, cholesterol, and thyroid meds.ww member rachel k.lost 115 lbs^^at 6 months, participants in a clinical trial of the ww program lost an average of 9.7 lbs (5% of body weight).wondering if weightwatchers is for you?tell us about your lifestyle, food preferences, and goals—and we'll tell you when you'll reach them. take our quizstay in the loopget emails with weight-loss tips, healthy recipes, offers, and more!email addressi'm ini would like to receive the ww newsletter and be informed about offers and events via e-mail. i can revoke my consent at any time through the unsubscribe link in the email or message.i confirm that i am 18 years of age or older.frequently asked questions

is weightwatchers a doctor-recommended weight-loss program?weightwatchers is the #1 doctor-recommended weight-loss program†. additionally, our diabetes-tailored plan is based on guidelines from the american diabetes association and the international diabetes federation.† based on a 2023 survey by cerner enviza of 500 doctors who recommend weight-loss programs to patients.how much does weightwatchers cost? generally, memberships start for as low as $23 per month, depending on length of commitment you choose. see offers and pricing here.how is your weight-loss program different from others?we help you lose weight and build healthy habits, one small step at a time. fad weight-loss diets can be restrictive, and rarely work long term. we have more than 140 publications that show weightwatchers’ efficacy to help members lose weight and keep it off. see how weightwatchers stacks up against the competition.i’ve tried weightwatchers before. what’s new? our program is now easier to follow, easier to stick with, and more effective than ever before. here’s how we’re making your journey better:new! meet with a registered dietitian for easier, tailored meal planningnew! use your camera to track meals and their points® valuenew! 350+ zeropoint, no-track foods new! automatic macro tracking of any food you eat  new! generate points® value totals for any recipe on the internetnew! access to more affordable weight-loss meds, like compounded glp-1swhat foods will i eat on the program?what you eat is up to you—and we’ll show you how to enjoy your favorite foods in a way that gets you to your goals. with weightwatchers, there are no “good” or “bad” foods—just nutritious and less nutritious ones. what do i have to do to get the results i want?we make it as easy as possible. you’ll get a points® budget to “spend” however you want. you’ll track your meals, drinks, and snacks in the ww app and enjoy as many zeropoint® foods as you'd like. activity can also boost your weight loss (vs. only focusing on food)ᶿᶿ.ᶿᶿ johns dj, hartmann-boyce j, jebb sa, aveyard p; behavioural weight management review group. diet or exercise interventions vs combined behavioral weight management programs: a systematic review and meta-analysis of direct comparisons. j acad nutr diet. 2014;114(10):1557–1568. doi:10.1016/j.jand.2014.07.005​​ᶿdf tate et al, 12-month randomized multi-country trial comparing weight loss between the ww program to a do-it-yourself approach where resource guides were provided. jama network open. 2022;5(8):e2226561. funded by ww international, inc.do i have to track everything? science shows food tracking is the biggest predictor of success—the more you track, the more weight you’ll lose! but we’re all about consistency over perfection: it’s better to track some food most days of the week than every single thing you eat only some days of the week. in other words, perfection is not required. you’ll quickly decide how to approach tracking in a way that works for you. here are some of our best tracking tips. what are zeropoint® foods?they are nutritional powerhouses that serve as the foundation of healthy eating and support your overall health. zeropoint foods also add bulk and flavor to meals, without costing points® from your budget, so you don’t have to weigh, measure, or track these foods—no matter how many you eat in a day! those 350-plus foods include  non-starchy veggies, fruit, eggs, yogurt, cottage cheese, fish, shellfish, chicken and turkey breast, and more.who are weightwatchers experts?our team includes nutrition and behavioral scientists, registered dieticians, clinical researchers, and more. together they help you overcome common weight-loss hurdles—like stress-eating or late-night snacking—while our exclusive points system makes nutrition easier—so easy that healthier eating will feel like second nature. after you sign up, you’ll answer a few questions to get a plan customized for you, and build healthy habits with proven behavior change techniques.what are weightwatchers workshops?our workshops (or meetings, back in the day) are coach-led group sessions held in a studio location or online. you don’t need to go, but the extra support can ramp up your results: weightwatchers workshops members lose two times more weight than those who diy.^ workshops offer unlimited accountability from coaches and members who really get the weight-loss journey. in-person and virtual workshops are also now available to weightwatchers members on our medication plan. get expert-led nutrition guidance and connect with others on similar journeys for even more success.^based on a 6-month multicenter trial. apolzan jw, et al. a scalable, virtual weight management program tailored for adults (n=136) with type 2 diabetes: effects on glycemic control. presented at american diabetes association’s 82nd scientific sessions. 2022.i’m living with diabetes. can i do weightwatchers?we know living with diabetes is challenging. our diabetes-tailored plan for weight loss helps you lower blood sugar^^, lose weight, and stress less**. plus, we’ve added a new in-app blood sugar tracker. ^^based on a 6-month multicenter trial. apolzan jw, et al. a scalable, virtual weight management program tailored for adults (n=136) with type 2 diabetes: effects on glycemic control. presented at american diabetes association’s 82nd scientific sessions. 2022.**based on a 6-month multicenter study demonstrating significant reductions in diabetes-related distress. apolzan jw, et al. a scalable, virtual weight management program tailored for adults with type 2 diabetes: effects on glycemic control. presented at american diabetes association’s 82nd scientific sessions. 2022.where can i learn about weightwatchers clinic?if you’re considering prescription medications, take our quiz and find out if you're eligible. if you’re not ready to take the quiz just yet, learn more about weightwatchers clinic, a comprehensive approach to weight care.††people following the weightwatchers weight-loss program can expect to lose 1 to 2 pounds per week.^patients lost an average of 21% body weight over 72 weeks with tirzepatide, diet and exercise. not everyone is eligible for medication.*based on a 6-month randomized controlled trial (n=376) that compared participants following ww to those given standard nutritional guidelines alone. palacios et al. 2024. manuscript under review. funded by ww international, inc.   ** based on a 2023 survey by cerner enviza of 500 doctors who recommend weight-loss programs to patients. pricing and special offersweightwatchers membershipweight-loss medication plansworkshop plansregistered dietitian planscompare membershipsinvite a friendmilitary personnel offerteacher offercollege student offerhealthcare professional offeroprah's live virtual experiencefsa and hsa reimbursementour weight-loss programhow weightwatchers workspoints program: trusted, proven, and science-backedworkshops: live coaching and community supportweight-loss medications: glp-1s, access to doctorsregistered dietitians: expert meal planning and nutrition supportsupport for diabetes support for glp-1s member success storiesweight-loss medicationsabout weight-loss medicationscompounded semaglutide prescription onlinewegovy® prescription onlineozempic® prescription onlinezepbound® prescription online (injectable pen)zepbound® prescription online (single-dose vial)mounjaro® prescription onlinemetformin prescription onlinerecipes and blogour blogweight-loss tipshealthy recipesdiabetessleep tipsfood and nutritionfitness and exercisehealth and wellness tipsweightwatchers for businessabout weightwatchers for businessour companyour storypresscareersfor businessaffiliate programscience centerhelpfind a workshopbrowse studio locationsfrequently asked questionshow to use the ww appactivate monthly passcontact usmoreaccessibilityvirtual patent markingprivacy policynotice of privacy practices health privacy statementdo not sell my personal infoad choicesterms and conditionsunited statesthe weightwatchers® logo, weightwatchers®, points, and zeropoint are trademarks of ww international, inc. ©2025 ww international, inc. all rights reserved.