


















polk county clerk, fl | official website









 















skip to main content






















 












search







 
 
 


    court services      records      public funds      resources      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 












 














official records








court records








traffic tickets










 
 














document center








diy court filings








jury duty










 
 
 
























 














popular links
quickly find what you need
 






  
 
 














marriage








tax deeds








find my courtroom








fee schedule








foreclosures








filing for a divorce










 
 
 




 














news & information
keep up with the latest
 






  
 














polk county clerk hosts 12th annual valentine’s day group wedding 


registration is now open for courting couples wanting to tie the knot for free on the most romantic day of the year.						read on...







butterfield begins fourth term as clerk & comptroller 


the oath of office for polk’s constitutional officers and state attorney and public defender was administered by florida supreme court justice charles canady on tuesday. florida attorney general ashley moody served as master of ceremonies for the event.						read on...







polk county clerk & comptroller holding saturday passport application event 


planning your next getaway? kickstart your passport application at this year's saturday passport event, hosted by stacy m. butterfield, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller.						read on...







polk county clerk honors veterans with free passport photos in november 


in honor of veterans day, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller stacy butterfield is offering free passport photos to veterans and active-duty military personnel this november.						read on...







polk clerk announces new hope card program 


the polk county clerk's office has launched the hope card program to support domestic violence survivors by providing easy access to essential protective information.						read on...







list of unclaimed funds available — claim before sept. 1 


do you have any unclaimed funds? whether you are an individual, a company, or an organization, you may be entitled to unclaimed funds from our office. the annual unclaimed funds list is now available for claiming before sept. 1.						read on...







polk clerk urges all to register for property alert 


“i urge everyone in polk county to register for this free service,” clerk butterfield said. “not only does it let you know about land ownership records, but all official records.”						read on...







butterfield honored with statewide award for legislative efforts 


stacy butterfield, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller, recently received the legislative impact award from the statewide florida court clerks & comptrollers (fccc) association.						read on...







closed: polk county clerk & comptroller offers savings event on fees to reinstate driver licenses 


for one week only, the polk clerk is waiving the outside collection agency fees applied to overdue court fines, saving customers up to 40 percent on their outstanding fines. once paid customers can proceed with the reinstatement of their driver’s license.						read on...







polk county clerk hosts 11th annual valentine’s day group wedding 


registration is now open for courting couples wanting to tie the knot for free on the most romantic day of the year.						read on...







polk county clerk & comptroller holding saturday passport application event 


ready for a vacation? get a jump-start on applying for a passport at this year’s saturday passport event, hosted by stacy m. butterfield, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller.						read on...







filing location change for eviction & unlawful detainer cases 


all landlord tenant eviction and unlawful detainer cases should now be filed in bartow, filing by zip code designation has ended						read on...







new recording requirements for documents affecting ownership of real property 


as of jan. 1, 2024, the preparer's name and address as well as any witness's name and address must be included on recorded documents affecting ownership of real property.						read on...







polk county clerk’s office honors veterans with free passport photos in november 


in honor of veterans day, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller stacy butterfield is offering free passport photos to veterans and active-duty military personnel this november.						read on...







polk county jurors donate over $100,000 since 2006 


for the past 15 years, our polk county jurors have been donating their jury compensation to peace river center’s lakeland domestic violence shelter. this year the donations have surpassed $100,000!						read on...







reaccreditation inspection for polk county clerk’s department of inspector general 


the polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller’s department of inspector general is scheduled for the final inspection in its third reaccreditation by the florida commission for law enforcement accreditation (cfa).						read on...







your opinion matters - complete the judicial circuit assessment committee survey before sept. 1 


the florida court system is exploring ways to enhance its judicial circuits, and they need your insights. complete the survey before sept. 1.						read on...







list of unclaimed funds available—claim before sept. 1 


do you have any funds that remain unclaimed? whether you are a person, a company, or an organization, you might be the recipient of unclaimed funds from our office. the annual unclaimed funds list is now available to claim before sept. 1.						read on...







lakeland office reopens aug. 1 


lakeland office reopens aug. 1. hours are monday through friday, 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.						read on...







polk clerk appointed to judicial circuit assessment committee 


polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller stacy m. butterfield, cpa, has been appointed by florida supreme court chief justice carlos g. muñiz to serve on the judicial circuit assessment committee.						read on...







polk clerk receives top statewide honors & best practice awards 


polk county clerk was bestowed with top honors at the florida court clerks & comptrollers (fccc) annual training conference. honors included clerk of the year, 10 best practice awards, ccoc chair, and legislative chair						read on...







new northeast office opens may 8 | grand opening may 6 


new northeast office in lake alfred opens may 8, winter haven location closes april 28						read on...







notice: notary and passport photo fee change 


the following fees are changing effective april 1: notary fees: $10 / passport photos: $15						read on...







temporary closure of the lakeland office 


as of may 8, the lakeland office will be temporarily closed until further notice.						read on...







polk county clerk & comptroller holding saturday passport application event 


with summer right around the corner, it’s time to get a jump-start on vacation by applying for a passport at this year’s saturday passport event, hosted by stacy m. butterfield, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller.						read on...







closed: suspended license? - save on fees for outstanding fines at operation green light 


customers can save up to 40 percent on their outstanding fines by taking advantage of the one-day event, which waives the collection fees imposed on late court fines. customers can reinstate their driver's license after making a payment.						read on...







polk county clerk & comptroller hosting 10th annual valentine’s day wedding 


registration is now open for courting couples wanting to tie the knot on the most romantic day of the year.						read on...







county civil limits increase to $50,000 


on jan. 1, county civil limits will increase from $30,000 to $50,000 and all other previous changes will remain the same.						read on...







florida's 6th district court of appeal now open 


as of jan. 1, florida’s newest district court of appeal – the sixth district – is now open. lakeland was selected as the location for its main office, located at 811 e. main st. the district website is now live at 6dca.flcourts.gov.						read on...







polk county clerk’s office offers free passport photos in november 


polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller stacy butterfield is honoring u.s. military veterans and active-duty personnel this november by offering free passport photos.						read on...







polk clerk offers diy tool to help those seeking injunctions for protection 


stacy butterfield, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller, is offering an online diy tool and in-person diy center to simplify injunctions for protection (aka restraining orders).						read on...







clerk butterfield fully preserves the first-ever deed book of polk county 


clerk stacy butterfield gave a unique presentation to the polk county board of county commissioners on tuesday by presenting to them and the citizens of polk county the full preservation of the county’s first-ever deed book – deed book a.						read on...







list of unclaimed funds available—claim before sept. 1 


do you have any funds that remain unclaimed? whether you are a person, a company, or an organization, you might be the recipient of unclaimed funds from our office. the annual unclaimed funds list is now available to claim before sept. 1.						read on...







polk clerk and county commissioners earn triple crown recognition for finance practices 


polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller stacy butterfield and the polk county board of county commissioners (bocc) together earned the coveted triple crown medallion from the government finance officers association.						read on...







diy filers: florida courts seek your input with survey 


are you currently or have you previously represented yourself in a court case without a lawyer in florida? the workgroup on judicial practices in trial courts wants to hear from you! complete the self-represented litigant survey.						read on...







closed - suspended license? save on fees for outstanding fines at operation green light 


customers with suspended driver licenses have an opportunity to pay overdue court obligations, including traffic tickets, while saving up to 40 percent in additional fees. once paid, customers can proceed with the reinstatement of their driver’s license.						read on...







polk county clerk & comptroller holding saturday passport application event 


those hoping to resume travelling in 2022 can get a jump-start on applying for a passport at this year’s saturday passport event, hosted by stacy m. butterfield, polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller on feb. 26.						read on...







2021 strategic update now available 


stacy butterfield, polk county clerk of courts & comptroller, has released her 2021 strategic update, a report that provides residents with an update on the work and development of the clerk’s office.						read on...







fitch ratings upgrades polk county bond ratings 


fitch ratings recently upgraded two of polk county’s bond ratings and its issuer default rating (idr) to ‘aa+’ from ‘aa’.						read on...







jury scam alert 


beware of scams that are targeting jurors in polk county in the form of fraudulent phone calls to jurors informing them of a failure to appear for jury duty or that they need to verify their signature.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 








calendar










fri, apr. 18  

good friday - office closed

good friday - office closedread on...


mon, may 26  

memorial day - office closed

memorial day - office closedread on...


fri, jul. 4  

independence day - office closed

independence day - office closedread on...






mon, sep. 1  

labor day - office closed

labor day - office closedread on...


tue, nov. 11  

veterans day observed - office closed

veterans day observed - office closedread on...


thu, nov. 27 		 - fri, nov. 28
 

thanksgiving holiday - office closed

thanksgiving holiday - office closedread on...





view all news




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 
















stacy m. butterfield, c.p.a.
welcome to the website of the polk county clerk of the circuit court & comptroller. my office has three branches that oversee more than 1,000 duties for our community. it is our goal to make our services as convenient and accessible as possible to customers.
learn more

 






  
 
 








 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







contact pagephone: 863-534-4000subscribe to our e-newsletterphotos courtesy of visit central florida 
 






  
 









   





 
 







quick links







open positions



passports



misdemeanor cases



guardianships



collections enforcement









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy & terms of use



subscribe to our newsletter









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 










 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









