




bubble tea & pearl tea





























bubble tea is also known as pearl milk tea, boba milk tea, boba tea, tapioca tea, boba nai cha, pearl tea, milk tea, bubble drink, zhen zhu nai cha, tapioca pearl drink, momi, momi milk tea, qq, "the drink with the fat straw", or any combination above.

bubble tea was originally created as a tea-based drink that was invented in the 1980s in tea shops in taichung, taiwan. as in the name, most bubble tea drinks contain a tea base mixed with fruit flavor or milk. ice-blended versions are usually mixed with  more ice, resulting in a slushy consistency. the fun of bubble tea comes from the small chewy tapioca balls, also known as the "pearls", boba, zhen zhu, or "the chew balls".
the drink is made in a variety of ways and has evolved over the decades. there are many different recipes that each tea shop holds, that makes them stand out from the rest.  these include different ingredients, like milk, cream, ice cream, shaved ice, fresh fruit, syrup, flavored powders, soy milk, black tea, and/or green jasmine tea.

description
honeydew flavored bubble tea is one of the most popular bubble tea flavors worldwide.
bubble teas are generally offered in three distinct ways, a fruit-flavored cream drink, a sweetened fruit drink, or a fruit-flavored tea.

most fruit-flavored cream drink includes powdered non-dairy creamers to "cream" the drink, but some shops also offer fresh milk, ice cream, soy milk, and/or lactaid milk as an alternative. these creamed drinks may or may not include tea as its base liquid.  a sweetened fruit drink usually includes crushed-fruit smoothies with tapioca pearls to add fun.  because of the increase number of people who have allergies and are intolerable to certain ingredients, some small cafés offer sweetener substitutes such as honey, agave, and stevia upon request.

the first noted "bubble tea" consisted of cold tea and a sweetened tapioca pudding, known as fen yuan. the inventor was trying something new with her drink and desserts, and everyone fell in love with the taste and the fun! since then, many variations were created, and bubble tea is served either cold or hot (warm). as the bubble tea drink evolved, the tea base has frequently been replaced. although originally created from a black tea, it evolved into using green jasmine tea, and has now incorporated fruits, fruit syrups, and cream flavored powders being mixed in with ice and water.
originally, small tapioca pearls were used in bubble tea drinks. however, since evolving, many different sizes of tapioca are now served, with different flavors. some tapioca pearls are brownish-blackish with a hint of caramel flavor, some are white, pink, yellow, and green that have hints of flavor.  as the texture in bubble tea is what people call the "fun", bubble tea sometime consists of coconut jelly or jelly cubes that are konyaku sweetened jellies.
as bubble tea hit the american market, it has evolved with a variety of recipes, including different ingredients and techniques to make "unique" drinks. bubble tea flavors may be added in the form of fruit flavored powder, fruit juice, pulp, or fruit flavored syrup.
the american cafes and shops now offer their customers a variety of bubble tea drinks that can sometimes be overwhelming to customers.  drinks can be served hot or cold. what type of drink? tea base? fruit smoothie? cream fruit? how did you want your drink served? as a liquid drink or ice-blended? with or without tapioca/boba? any special ingredient requests for dietary needs (such as honey, syrup, and sugar).
today, one can find shops entirely devoted to bubble tea, similar to the juice bars of the early 1990s. however, many business owners see the trend of bubble tea and have used it as an "add on" for their customers. this has increased their revenue by 125% on beverages and desserts because of bubble tea's popularity and love. you will see bubble tea being served with plastic dome-shaped lids,which also goes with the theme of "bubble" on top of the cup, while other bubble tea bars serve bubble tea using a sealing machine that puts a flat cellophane seal over the lip of the cup. this allows the cup to be spill-free until one is ready to drink their bubble tea, when he/she pierces the sealed top with a fat straw.

flavors
bubble tea comes in a variety of different flavors, the most popular being the fruity and creamy ones. some widely available fruity and creamy flavors include strawberry, green apple, passion fruit, mango, lemon, watermelon, grape, lychee, peach, pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew, banana, avocado, coconut, and kiwi. other popular non-fruity and creamy flavors include taro, chocolate, coffee, mocha, black milk tea, thai tea, lavender tea, and rose tea. some cafes and shops offer non-creamy drinks by using fruit pulp syrups like passion fruit, honeydew, strawberry, and lychee.  there are now 250 varieties of flavors and choices of a bubble tea drink.

bubble tea
with 250 varieties of bubble tea drinks to choose from, which is the best? as with any food and beverage, it depends on your pallet and what you like. the most important part of a good bubble tea drink, is using the most quality bubble tea supplies available. bubble tea drinks are not all the same and it is important you purchase your drink or your supplies from a reputable bubble tea source. recommended bubble tea suppliers are:
gold medal award winning bubble tea products for businesses - www.bubbleteasupply.biz
#1 worldwide supplier for home users - www.bubbleteasupply.com
customer's choice brand of bubble tea products - www.neptuneice.com



 
 
 
 
 



















