





home | taharaa mountain lodge and twin owls steakhouse

















































 






skip to content








your perfect mountain getaway 

facebookpinterestinstagram 



 













book your stay
book your table
book your event

 









 


search for:








lodgingrooms & suiteslodge policiesamenitiesvisitor infospecials and packagesspa & retailaccessibilitydiningtwin owls steakhousedining policiesour menuswhat’s happeninggift cardseventsweddingsevent lodgingbusiness retreatsevents gallerystoriesaboutseasonal & holiday hourscontactprivacy policy



 









homeadmin2024-11-16t10:44:15-07:00 
 taharaa mountain lodge
estes park, coloradoboasting some of the most spectacular views in the estes valley, and offering all the comfort and luxury of a world-class bed and breakfast, the taharaa mountain lodge combines quiet elegance and a relaxed atmosphere to create an experience unlike any other. join us at the taharaa mountain lodge and the twin owls steakhouse, to experience the best that estes park has to offer.
with eighteen well-appointed rooms and suites to choose from, the taharaa mountain lodge offers each guest all the luxury and comfort of a world-class bed and breakfast. nestled in a secluded nook at the foot of lily mountain, yet just a few minutes’ drive from downtown estes and rocky mountain national park, the taharaa is the quintessential colorado mountain getaway.
call 970-577-0098rooms & suiteslodging
blending classic twin owls dishes with new favorites from chef richard sickler, the steakhouse offers an extensive selection of steaks, wild game, seafood, seasonal specialties and much more. paired with our expertly-curated wine list and hand-crafted cocktails, we offer a world-class dining experience amidst all the splendor of the rocky mountains.
call 970-586-9344dining & menusdining
featuring the same service, cuisine and attention to detail that has made the twin owls steakhouse one of the most sought-after event venues in estes park for the past twenty years, and offering some of the most breathtaking views and ceremony sites in the valley, the taharaa mountain lodge looks forward to helping you and yours make your experience in the rocky mountains truly unforgettable.
call 970-577-0027details & packagesevents
view our photo gallery
specials

what’s happening

stories

visitor info














taharaamountainlodge
boasting some of the best views in the estes valley. a secluded mountain retreat offering lodging, events and dining. 
home to @twinowlssteakhouse








we love our adventurous couples, and this septembe













a winter wedding wonderland at taharaa ❄️💍







✨ engagement season is here! ✨

to all the new


 





celebrate love this valentine’s day with the ult






calling all couples! 💍✨ don’t miss the este






calling all lovers! 💍 engagement season is here









 





✨ love, laughter, and breathtaking views! aly & 










 


view more






 follow on instagram

















 
 











bookyour stay




bookyourtable




bookyourevent










our location
3110 s. saint vrain avenue
estes park, co 80517
mailing: p.o. box 2586
	


google map

 


contact
lodging

phone: 970-577-0098
email: info@taharaa.com

dining

phone: 970-586-9344
email: info@twinowls.net

weddings & events

phone: 970-577-0027
email: sales@taharaa.com


privacy policy
 


current hours
lodging

9am – 5pm office
	lodge closed mon & tues
for seasonal hours

dining

dining at 5pm
		wed - sun
		closed mon & tues
for seasonal hours & private events

event venue tours
by appointment
 


sign up for our newsletter to stay informed about upcoming events.






* indicates required
email address *







 

 
 
 





© copyright 2025 taharaa | all rights reserved | website by web yodel 


facebookpinterestinstagram
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link















go to top




