


thoroughlybred - thoroughbred horse sales & auctions 












































 put your banner here!



search:














home

search
guides and policies

buyer's guide
seller's guide


contact
blog


 about us 
auctions
new listings
 sell 
saved searches
my bid tracker
 consulting services 
contact






today's featured seller 

stillforkfarm home page

listings ()



  
 stillfork farm,llc. - well known for bringing quality race performers and top producing breeding stock internationally to buyers for over 30 years!
 



buy it here on amazon for $10.95!


	excuses, excuses! 100 reasons why your horse lost the race, from the trainers mouth to the owners ears! 
 an inside look at the world of thoroughbred horse racing. it's both informative and comical. makes a terrific gift!
	

 buy bulk wholesaler copies here







	 “the entrepreneur's edge” the book that helps you tap into your entrepreneurial spirit! an insightful resource on the myth of business ownership utopia and how to really approach personal development and business growth. the award winning book contains the 15 tenets of winning in business and in life, living with a mindset of intellectual humility. buy it now!        
		

click here to get it on amazon





if you have misplaced your password, you can retrieve it by texting 1 (516) 857-4188

 





 today's featured listings






welcome to thoroughlybred.com - our ebay like website is dedicated to thoroughbred owners and breeders seeking a platform to buy and sell online. we provide easy to use, custom designed templates to help you create great listings to offer for sale; yearlings, mares, horses of racing age, stallions and stallion seasons, stallion shares, racehorse shares, sports memorabilia, equine gift items, books, art, apparel, horse properties and anything that would be of interest to our online of community of thoroughbred owners, breeders and racing fans! 

on thoroughlybred listings may be offered at a fixed price, in an ebay styled auction format or both! please click on the sell tab to learn more about listing and our membership upgrades that offer unlimited free listings!  

search by state or name – simply enter the state (two initials) you are searching for a horse or stallion, or enter a name in the search bar and hit enter! 
  
use our maximum bid feature - a maximum bid is a confidential proxy bid that is used to bid for you should someone raise the bid. the smallest amount of your maximum bid necessary to be the high bidder is used when the system is placing the bid on your behalf. this is a useful tool for those of you who will be away from your internet connection for an extended period of time.  
 
 dynamic auction endings - in many of our stallion season auction events, if any listing receives a bid in the last 5 minutes, the auction will be extended by an additional 5 minutes. this will continue until there are no bids received in the final 5 minutes. at that point, bidding is closed for that auction listing. this option is in place to give everyone a fair chance to place the last bid and prevent snipe bids at the last second of the auction event. 

important info for participants - we recommend that if you are bidding or selling as a participant in any of our auction events, that you stay logged in to your account in order get up to the minute messages that have been sent to you. bid notices and outbid notices, important updates, roster changes and the like, are simultaneously sent to your account as soon as they are transmitted. to retrieve your messages,  please check your thoroughlybred message center which is found in the members area. doing so will avoid messages being sent to your spam folder or typical delays between your e mail provider and your account.   







 go head to head with other members in our ebay style auctions. look for the gavel to bid. 







look for the offer icon for items where you can make offers to purchase that item at a lower price. your offer may be accepted, countered, or declined.




look for the search icon after you search or browse a category. save your search to access later.




see our newsflashes.








stallion season auctions

wtboa home page

listings ()




2025 wtboa - last-chances online stallion season auction



 

all categories
 racehorse shares 
broodmares 
horse properties 
horses of racing age 
merchandise 
other horses 
special event auction 
stallions 
weanlings 
yearlings 






negative feedback list








lifestyle brand for urban living - we know you're already cool, but it's okay to flaunt it. not every one is looking for a life on the salt water life, some prefer "the concrete and blacktop" life because streetlife rocks! check out the website now!    


on sale today here





put your web banner here on our homepage for as little as $10/month! contact us for more information 










thoroughlybred.com



home | 
search | 
about feedback |





copyright (c) 2025 thoroughlybred.com.
all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium
without express written permission of thoroughlybred.com is prohibited.












