


africlassical - african heritage in classical music



















home blog composers musicians black history audio about us links



africlassical 
				blog
companion to africlassical.com



black history quiz
(52 questions on 3 levels of 
				difficulty) 
				 
 


guest book
william j. zick, webmaster,
			wzick@ameritech.net

 
© 
copyright 2006-2022
			william j. zick
			all rights reserved for all content of africlassical.com
			 
			 
			 
			 



français

africlassical.com

african heritage in classical music

here you will meet 52 composers, conductors and 
			instrumental 
			performers - africans, african americans and afro-europeans.  
			many are alive today, but one lived 500 years ago!  these 
			artists are unknown to most of us, yet are so numerous this site can  present 
			only a fraction of them.  they have 
			made enduring contributions to classical music. several have composed, conducted and 
			performed classical music.  le chevalier de saint-georges 
			(1745-1799) of guadeloupe is one of those multi-talented musicians.   cuban classical guitarist leo brouwer (b. 1939) is another.  
			over 100 sound samples can be heard at the audio page and at the 
			biographical pages.  the links at left lead to a black history 
			quiz covering everyone profiled at the site and a guest book
			in which you are invited to leave your comments.
  
listen to radio interviews with africlassical webmaster bill zick:
interview with bill on wdet fm detroit, 8 minutes, 12/28/2005
excerpts: "i was really blown away by his music." "i thought, this has got to be shown to the world." "this to me is a modern civil rights issue - giving due recognition to the accomplishments of people of color whether it's now or in the past. it's very much overdue." "i believe it will come out. this is too good a story to be left alone."
interview with bill on michigan radio news, 4 minutes, 1/26/2007
excerpt: "he's a retired administrative law judge and used to work for the michigan department of civil rights. he's a huge classical music fan. he's been listening to it since he was a kid. but it wasn't until 1995 that he realized something was missing from his classical collection."
interview with bill on front row center, 6 minutes, 3/26/2007
excerpts: "i was shocked...the jazzy, blues-inflected sound not only enthralled me but evoked strong memories of hearing my dad play his jazz records from the 1930s. the afro-american symphony represents such a convergence of our individual tastes in music that i often wish he had lived long enough to hear it." "[m]y world of classical music listening had been segregated by race, both at the college library and on radio and television, for 33 years...i saw the neglect of black composers in education and on radio and tv as a personal civil rights issue. i was determined to do what i could to correct the situation."
interview with bill on wwfm a tempo, 23 minutes, 3/2/2013
excerpts: "i had to find something that i could do." "when you're interested in seeing progress, it always seems a little slower than you'd like it to be." "my hope would be that it would gradually be taken up by someone else who would see it as a substantial and long term commitment, and possibly even an organization that would have financial backing."
interview with bill on wmuk, 19 minutes, august 2017
excerpt: "when i entered college, i headed right for the music library and i did more music listening than homework, which was probably reflected in my grades."


watch our video hidden no more: classical music by artists of african descent



special thanks to over 20 years of africlassical visitors, collaborators and friends! among many others, deep appreciation to john mclaughlin williams, aaron & afa dworkin, dr. william chapman nyaho, judith anne still, john jeter, professor dominique-rené de lerma, all the guest book signers, family members, and many more.









le chevalier de saint-georges
arion 68093 (1990)
 




composers of african descent

le chevalier de saint-georges was a very fashionable 
			composer, violinist and conductor as well as colonel of black 
			volunteers in the french revolution.  the u.s. composer and 
			arranger william grant still blended jazz and the blues in his 
			emblematic afro-american symphony.  another 39 composers 
			have been selected from brazil, canada, cuba, france, guadeloupe, 
			haiti, jamaica, nigeria, puerto rico, south africa, the u.k. and the 
			u.s.  quality links provide 
			access to still more biographies.









girma yifrashewa
(2001)
 





					musicians of african 
			descent
ludwig van beethoven wrote his bridgetower sonata to display 
			the talents of a violin virtuoso, george augustus polgreen 
			bridgetower. before the work was published, the two had a falling 
			out and the work was renamed the kreutzer sonata!
			girma yifrashewa saw a piano for the first time at age 16, yet 
			he became the first 
					ethiopian classical pianist to tour widely in africa.  
					thomas "blind tom" wiggins was a musical genius born into 
			slavery in 1849, blind and autistic.  nearly all of his enormous 
			earnings went to slave owners, and later to guardians, even after 
			emancipation.
 








john blanke 
 
(copyright bbc)




black history and classical music
the black trumpeter john blanke served 
					england's kings henry vii & viii.  a tapestry shows him 
					performing in 1511.  ignatius sancho was born  on a slave ship 
					near west africa, and was soon orphaned. he 
					was raised as a house slave in england but escaped at age 
					20.  before long he was a composer, anti-slavery 
					activist and author of   a theory of music.  a black history quiz 
					includes interesting facts on all 52 composers and musicians.
 




			 






audio samples
the audio page features over 100 samples of music by 
			33 composers, conductors and instrumental performers.


africlassical 
			blog 
			is a near-daily  companion to
the
website,
			africlassical.com.  a blog post which refers to many black 
			composers is: 

			dominique-rené de lerma: scholar of black classical music for 40 
			years.  it is an extended 
			interview with dominique-rené de lerma, a professor of music at 
			lawrence university conservatory. he is a musicologist who has 
			specialized in black classical composers and musicians for four 
			decades.  his research material on the lives of composers and 
			musicians, along with his comprehensive works lists and 
			bibliographies, which often run to hundreds of entries, are
 the heart of this website.  in the interview 
			prof. de lerma recounts many of his interactions with students who 
			have profited from his wisdom and support. 
			visit the blog often to learn of current issues involving composers 
			and musicians of african descent!




this page was last updated on
			august 8, 2024




go back to top










