






home : internet dynamics




















          internet dynamics
        






consulting


engagements



investment holdings


mobile apps/software


contact











internet dynamics




technology consulting to help private equity firms improve their investments
consulting

mobile apps/software
 investment holdings 









              a consulting firm
            

              we supplement your investment team with objective, outside technology assessments and assistance.
            


              internet dynamics is a boutique consulting firm, leveraging our experience and expertise in the role of cto and as a hands-on technology executive
              in a variety of startups and industries.
            
continue...








consulting engagements

                our private equity clients typically call on us for the following types of work,
                for both transactional and operational engagements.
              









pre-investment technology due diligence

                before you invest in a company, you always do due diligence to validate your financial, personnel, and technical assumptions.
                you evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of the company and the opportunities and threats that face it.
                you have a plan for what needs to change to make the company more valuable.
                but are those plans, the promised results, and the timeframes realistic?
                hire a hands-on former cto to give deep and insightful opinions of the feasibility of the proposed plans.
              





after-investment implementation review

                after you invest in a company, you are busy with pursuing the next opportunity.
                who is following up to see that the recent companies you invested in are implementing their promised plans successfully?
                fortunately you know a hands-on former cto who is available to follow up, advise, and perhaps assist where necessary
                to ensure that your investments are implementing their technology promises according to schedule.
              





portfolio company strategy review

                you are working with the great people in the companies you have invested in.
                sometimes you would like to do a technology strategy review or you want to introduce a new angle to their strategy.
                you have a hands-on former cto at your side before, during, and after those discussions to help your assessments and suggestions carry the most weight.
              





portfolio company trouble-shooting

                as you review your portfolio of company investments, you may realize that you don't know why some of them haven't delivered according to plan.
                there may be lots of technical reasons given as to why things are different than expected.
                you need someone objective to get involved and advise you and suggest alternative ideas.
                you send in a hands-on former cto who can dig in, understand the technical details, and put you on an even footing technically with the people you invested in.
              











consulting with a difference
i am a hands-on technology practitioner taking on an investor's perspective, not a career consultant.








stephen adkins

                founder and lead consultant
                current investor, former cto in several companies
                mit b.s. '84, mit m.s. '86,
                georgetown mba '93
              















              "i built my career on building technology solutions and technology teams for startup and growing companies."
            

              "so when i take the perspective of an investor, i know what is possible and what is reasonable.
              my judgment and my intuition are informed by experience, not wishful thinking." -- stephen adkins
            









areas of expertise

            in every company, i have transitioned the company from technology with limitations and small business plans
            to large, scalable systems and business models that take advantage of them.
          

            my specific areas of expertise are in the following areas.
          



  
company types 




                saas / subscription / recurring revenue,
                b2b,
                data syndication,
                business intelligence,
                competitive intelligence,
                system-based management consulting
              





  
 strategic it management  




                high availability,
                disaster readiness,
                data security,
                data center management
              





  
corporate roles




                cto,
                ceo / founder,
                board member,
                investor (lead, angel, early-round)
              





  
investment transaction types




                sale,
                merger / acquisition,
                bridge loan
              





  
major systems




                big databases,
                backend systems,
                100's of system integrations with partners,
                cloud services,
                web applications,
                mobile app technologies,
                data collection farms,
                data analytics,
                real-time embedded systems,
                3d computer graphics,
                virtual reality
              





  
disciplines




                product management,
                revenue management,
                demand forecasting,
                pricing optimization,
                management science,
                data science,
                master data management,
                large database management and performance tuning
              





  
industries




                travel and hospitality,
                architecture and construction,
                i quickly learn industries and establish my expertise
              





  
character




                integrity,
                loyalty,
                honor,
                reliability,
                leading by example
              





  
career




                27 years of system building and team building, 20 of those years being the technology leader in the company.
              












please contact us for more information about how we can help you.




contact information

spadkins@internetdynamics.com
              770-639-3267



location

              320 woodstone dr.
              marietta, ga 30068
            









              an investment holding company
            


              internet dynamics is a holding company for our own investments in a set of technology companies.
              we are not merely consultants who help others invest well.
              we also are investors.
            




dbfoundry.
              one of these investments,
              dbfoundry,
              is a software development services company with a broad range of experience.
              dbfoundry
              is especially strong at helping their clients implement mobile apps connected to cloud services.
            

              when we are asked to assist our clients with their software development needs in a variety of areas,
              we may bring in dbfoundry.
            








an ip holding company
mobile apps and server software


              internet dynamics is also an intellectual property holding company.
              it owns software suites and libraries that power
              mobile apps, web apps, server-side data processing, group-based collaboration, image processing, 3d scene viewing, and virtual reality.
              this ip can be licensed, in certain cases quite liberally, to accelerate the solution-building that dbfoundry
              can perform for its clients.
            

              internet dynamics also commissions and cultivates a portfolio of mobile apps,
              addressing a diverse set of both consumer and commercial needs.
            

              some examples apps include:
            

                  sales management and forecasting
              small business project coordination and communication
              virtual reality content production and sharing
              aquarium fish identification and care
              personal spiritual growth
            









© 2017 internet dynamics
















