


manufactured housing - learn the perks of living in a manufactured house













manufactured housing directory

 




find a housing dealer
saving money on housing
selecting an rv
local rv dealers
home dealer guidelines
log cabin constructors




housing services » 


benefits of buying a manufactured home

there are over 17 million americans who are living in manufactured homes. could it be that they know something that we don’t?

there are many reasons why people choose prefabricated mobile homes. these types of homes have been a popular alternative to the standard homes that are created by conventional home builders. the manufactured homes offer a high level of convenience and comfort. their only downside is the perception that they are not considered to be really valuable property.
advertisement





one benefit of the manufactured homes is that they are an affordable housing option for many americans. on average they cost around $62,600, as compared to the single family built homes that can cost up to $623,600 or more to build from the ground up. the federal government also reports that manufactured homes also cost 10 to 35% less for every square foot as compared to the site-built homes. some lower and middle class families prefer the practicality of manufactured homes. manufacturedhousing.org reports that the average annual income of those living in manufactured homes is around $34,700, with a reasonable percentage of the households that own these homes taking home up to $50,000 every year. manufacturedhousing.org stats also suggest that the average size of a household in a manufactured home is 2.7 people.
if you have ever built a home, you probably know about the horror stories associated with cost overruns, snarly contractors and delayed construction. when it comes to manufactured homes, these problems are largely unheard of, since the homes are built in factories under reasonably tight regulations through the federal government. the homes are built on assembly lines, ensuring that there a minimum of error in the supervised assembly process, as opposed to the work an unsupervised carpenter may do on their own for an assembled house on site. on top of this, the process of manufacturing ensures that workers’ efficiency is maximized. since the homes are built in an environment that is controlled, they are not affected by vandalism, bad weather and contractors who are potentially unreliable. this type of control over the manufacturing process makes it possible for homeowners to reap the maximum benefit of their hard earned money.
the homeowner-to-be handles the construction of the home’s foundation, and they also establish the set up for utilities such as sewage and electricity before the homes are brought on site for the final building. because this is all occurring simultaneously, a manufactured home can take less time to complete. the home is brought to the site while already out together, and this makes it possible for users to immediately get into the homes.
even though the construction and the set up is completed quickly, it doesn’t meant that the builder does not take into consideration the building and safety codes. there are in-house as well as third party inspectors whose role is to examine every structure before and even after the home is brought on site, following most if not all the same inspection procedures that conventionally built  homes undergo.
unlike what some people think, manufactured homes are not the stereotypical “grandpa’s mobile home.” there are some elaborate designs, such as “modular homes”, that may have more than one story. these have garages, decks, porches as well as vaulted ceilings. depending on the lots, it is possible for homeowners to add beautiful landscaping and lawns. it is also possible for builders to customize the homes to the specific needs of the customers.








search by category

log cabin builders
manufactured housing dealers
mobile home contractors
mobile home parks
rv camper dealers
shed and barn dealers



manufactured housing resources

manufactured housing database search
available log cabin kits
comparing rv's to trailers
comparing trailer parks to homes
cost efficient housing
log cabin builds explained
potential downsides
recreational vehicles and campers
selecting a dealer
types of sheds



advertisement







 

manufactured housing services by state




alaska 
alabama 
arkansas 
arizona 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
washington dc 
delaware 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
iowa 

idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
massachusetts 
maryland 
maine 
michigan 
minnesota 
missouri 
mississippi 

montana 
north carolina 
north dakota 
nebraska 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
nevada 
new york 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 

rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
virginia 
vermont 
washington 
wisconsin 
west virginia 
wyoming 






search manufactured housing locations by city




springfield 
minneapolis 
springfield 
greensboro 
salem 
warwick 
arlington 
salt lake city 
virginia beach 
arlington 
seattle 
camden 
bayonne 


west new york 
brentwood 
chula vista 
citrus heights 
culver city 
escondido 
petaluma 
redlands 
san marcos 
santa ana 
santa monica 
arvada 
coconut creek 


sanford 
bloomington 
elkhart 
waterloo 
kenner 
malden 
somerville 
eagan 
edina 
maplewood 
binghamton 
mount vernon 
allentown 


cranston 
woonsocket 
coppell 
wichita falls 
chesapeake 
hampton 
harrisonburg 
fond du lac 
morrison 
brookfield 
mansfield 
midland 
washington 








 
 



housing types
local housing builders
terms and conditions
privacy policy
about us
contact us
listing change requests
add new listings

this website is not represented by any type of home builder, manufacturer, or dealer and is intended for general knowledge purposes only.
@ copyright 2015 www.manufactured-housing.org - all rights reserved.










