


sea duck hunting guides, hunt maine sea ducks with the best guide - massachusetts sea duck hunting guide service - rhode islands ocean state best duck hunting outfitters



























































































best sea duck hunting guide today! massachusetts and rhode island outfitters for maine sea duck hunting guides !
world class sea duck hunting guides in massachusetts and rhode island. enjoy a guided sea duck hunting adventure with the best, most experienced sea duck hunting guide capt. ruben perez -- sea duck hunting at it's best!  experience the best eider sea duck hunting action and the thrill of decoying trophy sea ducks.  hunt eider, scoter, brant, long-tail, and other sea ducks. join east coast guide service® in the east coast from cape cod massachusetts, rhode island, for a maine eider sea duck hunting trip never to be forgotten!  captain ruben perez holds a uscg master’s license for your safety. our sea duck hunting track record is proven, our results unmatched! a professional sea duck hunting guide service for 32 years; independent sources regard us as the premier east coast guide, and the best eider sea duck hunting outfitter today!  east coast guide service ® and its world class labrador retrievers have been featured in "gray's sporting journal", ducks unlimited books and national hunting magazines.  seeing is believing so look over all the photos in this website many pages, or watch the sea duck hunting shows from this top sea duck hunting outfitter...see what to expect, watch "browning the best there is" and enjoy guided eider ducks hunt filmed in rhode island, and massachusetts.  click eider hunting guides and outfitter show.
for another guided brant hunt, guided eider, and diver duck hunting show click  me sea ducks guides.  watch eider hunting on versus' "in the hunt"     view sea duck guide in rhode island, ma, for maine eiders, northeast 's best eider outfitters and guide
"browning the best there is two "    watch scaup and eider hunting, guided in  massachusetts, ri, sea duck hunting guide
"mossy oak's whistling wings"    sea ducks hunting in layout hunting boats for eider ducks in the ocean state, rhode island
"benelli's american birdhunter"   sea duck hunting guides ri, ma, maine eider, and the northeast, east coast guide service ™

"this is up close and personal shooting. the eider hunting was superb; another client and i took turns in the layout boat, each of us bagging our four eider limits in less than 30 minutes. east coast guide service is the best, bar none!"
						     gary kramer, senior correspondent
						     the bird hunting report
master guide, capt. ruben perez has 48 years of hunting experience!  our sea duck hunting, waterfowl hunting, and guiding knowledge is vast. our equipment is top of the line!  you will be hunting out of custom maine sea duck hunting boats, powered by suzuki outboards, equipped with epirb, gps, depth finder, vhf, first aid kit, and all required uscg safety equipment. capt. perez holds a uscg master’s license and is fully insured. award winning writer/photographer, capt. perez has articles and photographs published frequently in national hunting and fishing magazines such as outdoor life, wildfowl, and shooting sportsman. to see action-packed hunt and sea duck hunting gallery, click maine eider sea ducks.

notable sportsmen like fred zink, trevor gowdy, super bowl champion adam vinatieri, and david gruber, have joined sea duck hunting to pursue sea ducks, such as eiders, scoters, and oldsquaws. click sea duck hunting photos in maine, rhode island, and cape cod massachusetts. east coast sea duck hunting guide service and outfitters.
join east coast guide service® for the best guided eider sea duck hunting in new england. to schedule a sea duck eider hunt in cape cod, massachusetts, contact us  via e-mail at seaduckhunt@hotmail.com for a northeast sea duck hunting adventure or call 508.617.6761










sea duck hunting guide | massachusetts and maine hunting guides| rhode island outfitters | sea duck hunting at it's best!





waterfowling
hunt details
links/breeding




















  








copyright © 2000-2019 east coast guide service™, llc.  all rights reserved.







