




















































the five realms — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































kaijin_rhada
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














kaijin_rhada







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







november 2006  
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30










navigation

neueste einträge
archiv
freunde
benutzerprofil
memories
gate of rhadamanthys



this page

vorherige 10



summary

2006.11.23 @ 14:34  ignore this
2006.10.26 @ 02:56  the lethargy of life
2006.10.08 @ 02:45 (kein betreff)
2006.09.19 @ 22:50  server is busy, please try again
2006.09.16 @ 00:43  me? do a meme? inconcievable!
2006.09.13 @ 22:08  cam clarke thinks he's hotter than you.
2006.09.04 @ 21:34  "fuck you guys! i'm staying home!" m i rite? nova gunna kick yo ass!
2006.09.04 @ 15:20  farewell crocodile hunter...
2006.08.01 @ 14:19  tablets and links
2006.04.27 @ 16:07  vincent, why are you so awesome?



livejournal






the five realms
gate to the underworld








ignore this 
posted  on 2006.11.23 at 14:34


            this post does not exist....you heard me.
          


link  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






the lethargy of life 
posted  on 2006.10.26 at 02:56

aktuelle stimmung: soooo sleeeeeepy

aktuelle musik: some song in the movie i'm watching...


            i've been tired lately...very tired....recently i only had the personal will to deal with online people, not msn though, i should fix that.i don't do much, i don't have much to do, but i always feel worn down.i don't talk much, to anyone anymore, really. maybe i should change that...later...i just want to sleep now.i thought about moving, i don't feel particularly fulfilled or motivated living and schooling here now. it's going to be for school if anything though, either toronto or california. most likely won't happen now because money had to exist. whatever...i'm going to figure out what in the world i should do in kalimdor as a hunter...i think he makes things too easy for my own good being able to solo mobs 2-3 levels higher than he is, not like my druid. then i'm going to rp some in my now "epic" thread, my creative juices run rampant with the lust of writing more, and the thirst for more writing amongst my fellow rpers. that and i love to torture my poor rp character. he's not emo he's just going through some really rough times that i instigated with some help. yay for dynamic characters.all in all, life can go fuck itself, it's making me tired... stupid life....xp
          


2 kommentare  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






posted  on 2006.10.08 at 02:45

aktuelle stimmung: chipper

aktuelle musik: bob sinclair - rock this party


            i've been roleplaying a lot lately, on wow's forums...>_> i am such a geek, but it shows the best facets of the community, unlike the cespool of humanity and rot that is all of the other forums. sure we get a troll coming through now and again, but at least people there are smart enough to just report them and move on...well, after a few reminders from one of our senior rpers, faeryn. did i mention he's a canadian teacher and writing some awesome novels? it would be cool to have a teacher who played wow, and he's on a rp server too! i'll say now he retconned quite a bit with his most recent one, but i crave more! just as i watch my rp thread with great anticipation with many others.i'm starting some cooking lessons with people. speaking with others, i found out that they can't cook, so they say anyway. so i'm preparing days where i can teach people how to make dinner, and desserts, or at least cook/bake together since that's always fun. sign up if you're interested, i think you know where/how to find me.
          


link  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






server is busy, please try again 
posted  on 2006.09.19 at 22:50


            damn you wow forums! let me read faeryn's books! oh wait, i have his/her site...but i need to check with tech support on some issues, and their site isn't working either. d: plus i need my fill of rp. i'd do it on some of my rp servers, but it doesn't happen as much as i'd like it to. oh well, i can always continue drawing and finish my rp character to satiate my craving. i didn't expect to grow such a love for him so quickly, but then again...^_^ all of the other participating players (excpet for this one person playing a paladin since he disappeared) are really good too.my 30 gig ipod got here today. only $130 after a rebate too. still waiting for my mom's macbook though.as for school? well, i suppose i'm dropping german since it's repeating things i learned, and it's an extra $500 in my pocket. i'll just do third year some other time, that way i can focus on mandarin and the creative process. oh, speaking cantonese does not make mandarin easier, especially when the sounds are completely foreign to me.
          


1 kommentar  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






me? do a meme? inconcievable! 
posted  on 2006.09.16 at 00:43

aktuelle stimmung: filled with glee

aktuelle musik: my dog barking at random people...


            runa posted a meme, of which i said i would repost here. i know most of you so i suppose this is for stuff i don't know about you peoples. meme goodness:if you're on my friends list,i want to know 20 things about you. i don't care if we've never talked, never liked each other, or if we already know everything about each other. i really don't. you are obviously on my list, so let me know with whom i am friends! just hit reply.
( want to share?collapse )
i haven't been online too often, i don't know why. i have been on wow's forums rping in this thread. i didn't think it'd take off, but it's been progressing very well. i rp, i'm such a geek.
          


4 kommentare  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






cam clarke thinks he's hotter than you. 
posted  on 2006.09.13 at 22:08

aktuelle stimmung: a bit drained

aktuelle musik: the tea party -  mantra


            so he says as a very pompous and narcisstic blood elf males in the burning crusade, he also plays the (apparently russian) draenei males. want some examples? well, the site that had the sound files of some of their flirts and jokes had to take them down since some idiot hotlinked their site and used several gigs of bandwidth. i can give you some quotes though:draenei:- you know, i had a girlfriend, but i lost her in the crash..that is the bad news. the good news is, i'm available!- my nondescript facial appendages quiver with anticipation, everytime i see you. (you might want a picture of what they look like)- what do you mean 'there's an octopus' on my face?- when we arrived here, i lost many jewels that had been in my family for many generations. if you could get your hands on my family jewels, i would be deeply appreciative.- you know our tails add to our natural balance and agility...ha! (things crashing down)blood elf (they're addicted to magic):- remember the sunwell!- your eyes are like the sunwell...before the explosion that doomed us all of course!- you look almost as good as i do.- hey, why don't you come over here and...oof...watch the hair!- you know what i love about your eyes? when i look deep enough, i can see my own reflection.- i know every rose has it's thorn, but if you pour some sugar on me we could rock n' roll all night and partay everyday.- want to see my good side? *laughs* that was a trick question! all i have are good sides!- give me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to...*gets frustrated* just give me some freakin' magic before i kill somebody!- i'm trying to cut back on arcane magic, look, i got the patch.- we're allied with the tauren? fantastic! we'll be having steak twice a week. (tauren are the cow people)- don't you wish your girlfriend was hot. like. me?- i could really use a scrunchie...ya you heard me!can you tell i love the belf men? they're hot too, and thus all these things they say makes it all the cuter. i mean, really, they kiss their biceps when the flex! oh, the vanity...and it's cam clarke! found out steve blum did the male trolls. the females of both races are cool too, the draenei females being very entertaining, but the belf females lose a bit of my love since they dance like brittany spears despite their hot badass-ness.school's ok, back to three courses, though i might not make it to first class tomorrow, i've been getting tired lately, and consequently missing the buses.
          


2 kommentare  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






"fuck you guys! i'm staying home!" m i rite? nova gunna kick yo ass! 
posted  on 2006.09.04 at 21:34

aktuelle stimmung: pissed like a sober dwarf

aktuelle musik: more of the tea party


            ok, so nova and i were to meet dawn and tim at the theatre at 7:30 this evening, which was over an hour and a half ago. well, guess what? they weren't there.
( ya interested in a pint of bitch?collapse )
so we left and went to east side mario's to have soup (mmmm...it was good...and cheap). we wanted dessert, which was pretty much optional at that point. didn't like the selection at east side, so we headed to jack astor's and found an even worse selction. it was at applebee's where we finally found something to satisfy our craving, applecrisp. after that we sat and talked more about shit and the shit that happened today.speaking of which, i left the house early to get to speedy print. stupid me didn't remember it was labour day. and what a fucktastic day it was, though spending time with nova is always cool.((end rant...for now...d:<))update! (09/05.06): we forgave tim today for his blunder of not calling us last night. at least he knows to do so when we're not there as he thought we should have been.



10 kommentare  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






farewell crocodile hunter... 
posted  on 2006.09.04 at 15:20

aktuelle stimmung: sympathetic

aktuelle musik: the tea party - oceans


            found out at around 1-2 am while playing wow. the aussie players were to hold a memorial on barthilas, 8pm server time, and encouraged all hunters of either faction to bring their crocolisks. i couldn't attend, so i give this.he was a great biologist/zoologist, husband and father. his work was appreciated by many, and was not in vain.killed by a freak accident doing what he loved to do, and doing what he saw as his duty to show others the wonders of the more "dangerous" animals out there. i always knew in the back of my mind he'd die on one of his ventures, though not this early, or like this. others shared his passion, but no one can do the things he did, or in the same way he did.rest in peace, steve irwin, many people cared for you and what you did.
          


2 kommentare  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






tablets and links 
posted  on 2006.08.01 at 14:19

aktuelle stimmung: working on a ton of stuff

aktuelle musik: soul calibur iii soundtrack


            get ready for a wall of text...edited for spelling and video addtions.( tablets and stuffcollapse )on with the links. i got into browsing google video and youtube, and of course found some amusing things to watch. you might want to switch to a larger view for youtube.here's  un monde parfait. a good song, too bad i can't understand all of it.and everyone loves  cute little kittens, right? poor hamster, making a fool of itself.for all of use gamers out there, ever wonder about why the traditional magic users like mages and preists wear dresses and robes regardless of gender? then you'll like to see this  music video.for the following vids, you don't need to know much about warcraft, only know that botters, bot-using farmers, gold sellers (often chinese), and cheaters suck in any game. also, that dancing, ganking lowbies (sometimes), and messing around with botters is fun. illegal danish: super snacks. a funny video regardless of your experience (if any) with world of warcraft. anyone can get a kick out of this and it's a must watch. the actions done by the toons can be done in game, and the music is all original and fan made.note that druids can do anything, and feral druids can kill any mob fairly well, but druids are exceptional healers (second only to priests). so you can understand that not all ferals take to being a healbot. and paladins if specced right become healadins. and as for the quest text that comes up, it reads (if you're wondering) "rasi, please travel to astranaar and locate the source of the spell disruptions. and take basutei with you, he could use the experience. p.s. bring your healing gear to molten core this saturday. no more bears. puff."there's also the prequel to this called  zinwrath, not quite as funny, but good none the less. when zinwrath mentions he's out of shards, that just means hes's out of a regeant required for many of his warlock abilities.for those who ant an example of warcraft cow people, doing funny things see  the brothers tauren.for a different mood, i give you  what it's like being undead and lonely.next we have some dancing. let's give you an idea about what dances we do in wow with  this one, except it isn't the most accurate. an  all night elf dance from our european players. a  couple of  ipod spoofs. we also have  dancing moonkin (owlbears).by now you're probably wondering what kind of shit some players can pull off. so we'll start off with  a level 60  night elf preist mindcontrolling a warrior that's bot farming, and the same guy mindcontrolling  an asian farmer. also in pvp, blizzard implemented dishonorable kills to prevent griefing and town camping for lowbies. no more town raids? no killing of civilians or quest givers even if they attack you? well  this guy doesn't care about rank or any of that shit. and with the implementation of druid animal forms being able to dance,  some night elves got a crazy idea from it. by the way,  druids are the most fun to play.to top it all off,  here's something special for you peoples.
          


6 kommentare  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag 






vincent, why are you so awesome? 
posted  on 2006.04.27 at 16:07

aktuelle stimmung: cheerful

aktuelle musik: soccer in the background


            everyone should watch advent children's summary just for some of the things the characters say, and the nostalgia that comes with it.advent children summary of the game (a gist of the conversation between cloud and vincent):
( don't read unless you saw it, or unless you're curious!collapse )
that was hilarious, and it was so something he would say.speaking of the guy, i had a dream that a bunch of people were watching yet another movie of ffvii. funny the main character was vincent, and it was not dirge of cerberus related. it seemed to have some kingdom hearts influence there, and oddly vincent was expressing more emotions than he ever did.oh and yesterday i just got my cosplay in. the guys did a great job on it, no pics until after an though.now it's off to wow and watching the special edition of narnia!
          


link  kommentar hinterlassen
share   flag vorherige 10  






























