



self catering holiday cottages gites accommodation to rent in south brittany france relaxcheznous.com



















cottages in south brittany


4
  


location
area
prices
contact





self catering holiday cottages ten minutes from the south brittany coast

three charming cottages in a traditional breton longhouse close to many brittany landmarks - rochefort-en-terre, la roche-bernard, vannes, the golfe du morbihan and the presqu'île de rhuys. an ideal holiday location offering choices that appeal to both grown-ups and children. each gite sleeps 4 people. 
the cottages are very comfortably furnished and equipped with all modern amenities. outside, each cottage has a terrace with barbecue and garden furniture opening onto a large shared garden with boules pitch, table  tennis, swings and playhouse.
open from 1st may to 30th september.
from left to right, each cottage has its own character:
le vieux chêne has one double bedroom and one twin bedded room. from £350 pw








le vieux chêne is very light and bright, with a view over the courtyard garden from the dining area. there's a fully equipped kitchen with a large dining table and a lounge with comfortable armchairs and sofa, and uk satelite tv, french tv, dvd player and wi-fi.  
read more



la maison de marguerite has one double bedroom, one twin bedded room, and one single room. from £350 pw








la maison de marguerite has lots of character with stone fireplace and exposed beams, and an enclosed sheltered terrace looking over the garden. there's a fully equipped pine fitted kitchen with a large dining table and a lounge area with comfortable sofa, uk satelite tv, french tv, dvd player and wi-fi.
read more



la porcherie has one double bedroom and one twin bedded room. from £350 pw








la porcherie has a spacious kitchen/ dining room with windows looking over the garden and little road, and separate lounge area with comfortable sofas, and uk satelite tv, french tv, dvd player and wi-fi.
read more

all the cottages:
terrace with furniture, barbecue.. large, enclosed, shared garden with boules pitch, table tennis, swings and playhouse.
cot, high chair and baby bath available foc.
water, gas, electricity, tax, bedlinen, included. (towels not provided).
parking on the property.










location
area
prices
contact



