





wild medicinal herbs-alternative nature herbal home













 









altnature herbals home




alternative nature online herbal

educating about wild medicinal plants since 1997.


  altnature herbal contents  
 altnature herbal store 
 disclaimer   search page  
 social media and newsletters    contact  







  **don't get poison ivy or poison oak, get altnature's  amazing jewelweed!**






wild herb plants are used for food, spices, fragrance, and have a long history of traditional medicinal uses. many wild medicinal herbs have properties and constituents that show potential in modern medicine, though more research is needed.  
self-medicating with herbs and supplements can be dangerous. please discuss your use of herbs, vitamins and dietary supplements with your physician. some herbs have side effects and dangerous interactions with other medications. use of improperly identified plants can cause sickness and even death. 



articles and photography â© karen bergeron alternative nature online herbal 1997-2024 unless otherwise noted.



rabbit tobacco plant



70+ medicinal wildflowers and herbs, uses and
                descriptions
the wildflower and wild medicinal herbs gallery has profiles about many
                wild  medicinal plants used in herbalism.  learn about useful edible and medicinal herbs such as ground ivy , plantain and violets and more growing
                wild in your yard.





orange jewelweed 
impatiens capensis



jewelweed: nature's answer to poison ivy
jewelweed is a north american annual that can easily be found along creeks and in ditches in summer and fall. it is well known in folklore and on facebook for using as a wash or salve for poison ivy and oak.  learn to find it and use it in the wild, or order my altnature's jewelweed soap, salve and spray so you have it on hand when you need it.   

  

are hedge apples edible?
osage orange is a tree that gets little love and respect since it's main use was replaced with barbed wire. it bears large bumpy fruits full of sticky latex and fiber. the ripe, sliced and dried fruit makes a pleasant herbal infusion that may have many healthful properties as it containes isoflavones and anti-oxidants. hedge apples may not be very palatable as a fruit, but they are not toxic. 



 

evening primrose flower



400+ wildflower and herb pictures
hundreds of herb and wildflower pictures to browse!
herb and botanical stock photography available for licensing, or just view
                plant pictures to see how many wild herbs you may already be
                familiar with.
 most herbs that i photograph are in their wild habitat in tennessee and illinois, but i
                have many pictures of garden herbs as well. 




 


ginseng growing and ethical harvesting
 experienced ginseng growers share information about growing and harvesting ginseng,           ginseng buyers list, ginseng links list, ginseng seed sources and more. comments and questions welcome.

 many people are helping the population of ginseng and other herbs with "forest farming". ginseng is fairly easy to grow if you have forest land, and is a good crop for a long term investment. the best ginseng roots are over ten years old.
    common  wild  herbs and useful spring plants

    altnature wild spring herbs newsletter







medicinal herb and wildflower
            pictures
 
affordable herb pictures, stock photography for your creations!





heal all - herb for herpes?

about prunella vulgaris, heal all plant, salve and wash for cold sores.





 nature's answer to poison ivy
  amazing jewelweed soap, salve, and spray
              order now!
end itches in minutes and see overnight improvement or your money back!  customer opinions






web design, content, and photography copyright karen bergeron shelton and alternative nature 1997-2024 unless otherwise noted. all rights reserved. herbal photography is available for licensing.




please review 
            altnature herbal

 there are ways to support that don't cost anything. your reviews and affiliate orders are much appreciated!
 more info



connect with
            altnature herbal

 etsy
 pinterest 
instagram
facebook




alternative nature 
              herbals
 p o box 26 
slayden, tn 37165 usa
 931 237 0690 
owner, editor:  karen bergeron
              email karen@altnature.com








 70+ wild herbs, medicinal and edible plants 


  browse 400+ medicinal plant and wildflower pictures


 botanical stock photography 
        herb picture use and licensing 
 


 how to make basic herbal preparations


herb farming resources


herbal and natural health articles library


 ginseng growing and harvesting information


  co-creative gardening
        working with nature 


 recommended herb books



 page top 

 contact
 privacy
 about
 home 
 store




disclaimerthe herbal information on this web site is intended for educational purposes
          only. it is not the intention of the editor to advise on health care. please see a
          medical professional about any health concerns you have. these statements have not been
          evaluated by the fda. the information on this web site is not intended to prevent,
          diagnose, treat, or cure any disease. 








