






black poetry & black poems - mrafrica poetry lounge | discover works by famous and emerging black poets.

























male poets


section 1
section 2
section 3
section 4
section 5



female poets


section 1
section 2
section 3
section 4
section 5
section 6
section 7



famous black poets


section 1
section 2
section 3
section 4
section 5
section 6
section 7





					
					to submit poems, use the address below. with that, do try to send atleast '5' poems per submission. 
					
					mypoems@
					ctadams.com




					
					have a question or comment? need to contact us regarding poetry or the site itself, feel free to click here.
					
					
or

(336) 524-3008

business hours

10:00 am - 
6:00 pm
(eastern time zone)










home
about us
contact us
submit poems




guestbook
sign
view








welcome to mrafrica poetry lounge. here you can indulge in poetry that is written by amateur and famous black poets from around the world. established in 2001, we have had the pleasure of showcasing thousands of poets. nearly 23 years later, our mission still is the same, as we continue to uplift another generation of poets and poetry lovers.
 
 site update...

good afternoon everyone. first off, i need to apologize for not updating the site, but i've been busy blogging. with that said, i'm glad to finally add some new poetry and spotlight some famous favorites. there was a time in my life when i breathed and lived this art form daily. it got me reminiscing about the old days, so let's talk about some famous poets.


sonia sanchez. this sister is a living legend; i remember the day she did spoken word on russell simmons' def poetry jam. like many, i rank her alongside maya angelou, as both poets have inspired thousands upon thousands to start writing. sonia sanchez's poems: july, why, magic, nigger, a song, malcolm, poem no. 1, poem no. 7, black magic, poem at thirty, small comment, prelude to nothing, personal letter no. 3, towhomitmayconcern, and to you/who almost turned/me on.


from the harlem renaissance era, we have more of carrie w. clifford's poems. this woman was also an activist in the women's rights and civil rights movements. cwc poetry: 
duty's call, to my mother, all hail! ye colored graduates, my baby (on reading 'souls of black folk.'), and the singer and the song (to paul laurence dunbar).



one of the earliest female african american playwrights, georgia douglas johnson was also an accomplished poet. her first poem was published in the literary journal the voice of the negro in 1905. later, her first collection of poems was published in 1916. enjoy more of georgia douglas johnson's poetry: hope, utopia, soldier, benediction, i want to die while you love me.


not much is known about james d. corrothers - 2, yet this brother accomplished a lot during his time on this earth. he was not just a poet but also served the lord as a minister in the african methodist episcopal (ame), baptist, and presbyterian churches. more of james d. corrothers' poems: to ------, up! sing the song, in a southland vale, dream and the song, and the black man's soul.


before i wrap up this update, i have to highlight the late great langston hughes. best known as a leader of the harlem renaissance, mr. hughes is also recognized for being one of the earliest innovators of the literary art form known as jazz poetry. some of langston hughes' poems: 
negro, afraid, harlem, sick room, young bride, negro dancers, the white ones, as i grew older, i look at the world, and poem-to the black beloved-.


in all, if there is a particular poet you feel we should list, feel free to drop us a note. until then, continue to surf on poetic waves. mr. africa - june 11, 2024

good afternoon.... can't believe that in a few weeks summer will officially be upon us on june 21st... make a brother want to get out the grill and host a few friends. with that, there is more poetry for all to intake. delighted to be showcasing seven famous poets of the present and past. brother ted joans brought joy to all and was a lover of jazz. through his poetry one can feel the passion he had for that music genre. tj black poems; 
natural, the hat, untitled, jazz anatomy, miss-meat-me, bang baby bang, le fou de bamba, the black jazz smile, empty inside outside, and so fortunately unfortunately. there is also the talented writer jacqueline woodson. known for her national book award-winning memoir brown girl dreaming, the sister went on to author over 21 novels, 12 picture books, one memoir, and a plethora of poetry. sit back and do enjoy jw black poetry; soon, after, hope, daywork, bible times, the blanket, the leavers, each winter, two journeys, the candy lady, what god knows, the almost friends, brown girl dreaming, the woodsons of ohio, and it'll be scary sometimes. no longer with us, ntozake shange still warms the hearts of those who enjoy poetry. i want all to take the time to read over more of her work. one of a kind, and to this day those within the black arts community miss such a kindred soul. ns black poems; tango, live oak, box & pole, lady in blue, the old men, lady in blue ii, lady in brown, 18 march 1984, an actual poem, in the blueness, 7 tequilas gone, take the a train, hands & holding, dream of pairing, never mind sister, latin night is monday, rise up fallen fighters, we need a god who bleeds now, once there were quadroon balls, and just as the del vikings stole my heart.


to my surprise the late great toni morrison also had a thing for poetry. i'm honored to share the five poems she published; one has to wonder if there is more out there. tm black poetry: eve remembering, i am not seaworthy, it comes unadorned, someone leans near, and the perfect ease of grain. more than ever, we need to start acknowledging those who paved the way for this new crop of talented writers. alice walker is one we should give her flowers now. more of this poet's work has been added. i hope she inspires one to pick up a pen, and release upon a poetic canvas. aw poems: rich, in us, told, even so, vasilisa, our martyr, you came, sometimes, encountering, i will not deny, you'd be surprised, before i leave the stage, the world we want is us, love is that giant bag, the tree of life has fallen, and watching you hold your hatred. 


have a new poet i would like to put before your eyes, and he goes by the name e. ethelbert miller. baseball lovers will enjoy the following poems, as americans favorite pastime has been part of his life since childhood. eem black poetry; baldwin, beloved, wild pitch, the trade, rain delay, the walkoff, barry bonds, the playoffs, the pitch out, port-au-prince, the knuckleball, the pitch count, old timer's day, looking for omar, the boys of summer, if god invented baseball, juan, willie and the boys, malcolm x, february 1965, the things in black men's closets, and the ear is an organ made for love... before i wrap this up, we have arna bontemps. one of the originals, and years later another generation gets to bathe within bontemps literature. ab black poems; hope, dirge, blight, holiday, spring music, a tree design, the shattering, here is the sea, and length of moon...


as we get ready for juneteenth, cookouts, good music, and great times with family that only summer can bring.let it fuel your creativity. take in the great poets and allow them to inspire your summertime pen. happy reading and writing. have a nice day.  mr. africa - june 2, 2023

good-afternoon everyone. seems like spring has arrived and so many of us shall now get to enjoy mother nature on a daily basis. yes, spending more time outside instead of being enclosed inside. well, black history month may have ended but our history is embedded in every month. april brings the anniversary of historic events in the life of dr. martin l. king jr. in april of 1963, he was arrested for protesting in birmingham, alabama, and while in jail he wrote "letter from a birmingham jail".  five years later, on april 3, 1968, he gave his last speech entitled "i've been to the mountaintop".  sadly, on april 4, 1968, dr. king jr was assassinated.   


our spring updates include more poems from three very talented and beautiful soul sisters. first up there is amanda gorman. so young yet this young lady has already accomplished a lot. so delighted to share more of her work. ag black poems; lucent, we write, resolute, back to the past, and every day we are learning. next, there is the one and only jill scott. one of the first singers to highlight neo soul on the national scene. not only known for her vocals but miss scott also happens to be a poet. js black poetry; caution, pocket-size #1, kings at clubs?, revolutionary man, and untitled #2 (for mtv black history month 2001). grammy award-winning and multiplatinum singer alicia keys still is going strong after all these years in the music industry. many don't realize keys, just like so many musicians are poets at heart. more of ak black poetry; angel, 4 letter word, such a strong word, no room for religion, and when gone is the glory.  there is also an update in the 'famous writers' section. there has been an addition to robert hayden's collection. little known fact, mr. hayden was the first black faculty member in michigan's english department. also, he served as consultant in poetry to the library of congress from 1976 to 1978, a role today known as us poet laureate. rh black poems; letter, ice storm, double feature, traveling through fog, and night, death, mississippi. 
 

some good news, we have added a new area where you can find out more about your favorite poet. this section includes a short bio of the poet as well as contact information. it's divided, so there is a male and female section. after all these years, so many of you requested more info on a given poet, i just had to add this to our ever-growing poetry site. 22 years later, and we are losing count. -smile- 


attention!!  attention!! -  if you are a past poet that has been featured on the site previously, feel free to send a short bio and contact information to:  staff@ctadams.com. 
 

if you are an aspiring poet, we would also like to hear from you as well. please submit 5 poems, a bio, and contact information to: newpoet@ctadams.com. 

 

note: one may want to read over the current poets' bios, to get familiar with what we are asking from you. 


as always, it's my pleasure to continue to share old and new discoveries of our black culture with you all. happy spring! mr. africa - april 6, 2023

good afternoon everyone. february has gotten off to a great start. it's nice to see this country recognize those who are of african descent. with it being black history month, i want to encourage all to research and seek knowledge when it comes to the accomplishments of our ancestors. now it's time to roll out the update. our poetic sister stormy nyghts has returned. this talented writer has a passion for poetry, and like so many of her peers she has the ability to tell a story literally. sn poems: arrogant, (untitled), thank you, staying power, and my heart beats. then we have brother everett lacey who has been living and breathing poetry for over 20 years and counting. one would be surprised how poetry itself has changed the lives of many for the good, as daily there is someone allowing the ink to flow upon a poetic canvas. ev poems; excuses, prom night, deep, amorously inspired
, and a tribute to dr. mary mccloud bethune.  

 

glad to be able to share more of the great angela jackson's work. this writer has seen it all and continues to enrich the poetic community. bestowed with the honor of being the fifth illinois poet laureate, ms jackson has published a novel, and is heavy into the playwriting. ag poetry; bills, love plots, vacant lot, a hot mess, club delisa, a girl's folly, knock, knock., god don't like ugly., emancipation proclamation, going straight on the right, goodness to its own reward, the house on wentworth avenue, beauty is in the eye of the beholder., is this the breeding ground for bitterness?, and what she said as she was grinding her up. hailing from the uk, but a native of guyana, poet grace nichols has inspired those of caribbean descent. an avid reader of history, among other genres, grace's poetry routinely touches base on the life of an islander, and kinship the within the communities. take some time to peek inside her world. gn poems; black, omen, grease, waterpot, book-heart, skin-teeth, a fat poem, other ships, sleeping out, up my spine, those women, sun is laughing, winter thoughts, my black triangle, give yourself a hug, the people could fly, price we pay for the sun, granny granny please comb my hair, the fat black woman's instructions to a suitor, and two old black men on a leicester square park bench. may this black history month continue to inspire you to deeper knowledge of the culture and empower you to greater heights. have a productive week. mr. africa - february 15, 2023







search this site powered by ff.








our sponsor: earn a paralegal certificate online at wti.


sister sites:


spokenwordz
afropoets - famous black poets
akoot - famous poets
ujamaa - christian poetry





about us contact us poetry board newsletter submit poems advertise with us thank you poetry links link to us

our poets:
						brothers (bio, contact info, etc.)
sisters (bio, contact info, etc.)




this page was last edited on june 11, 2024 | template by html5 templates 

copyright 2001 - 2025
mr. africa poetry lounge! privacy policy









