






















dunn county economic development






 





 skip to main content.












home
contact











toggle navigation





aboutbecome an investordevelopment partnersstaffboard of directorssites and buildingsstout technology and business parkmenomonie landvirtual spec buildingour communityfun in dunnboycevillecolfaxdowningdunn countyelk moundknappmenomonieridgelandwheelerworkforceworkforce datahome sweet menomonieentrepreneurship





grow with dunn county.the dunn county economic development corporation works closely with local and regional entities to collaboratively support county and regional economic development.


previous



next

























follow us!
facebooktwitterlinkedin








think • make • happen.virtual spec buildingbecome an investorentrepreneurship








                        welcome to dunn county, wisconsin!
                    

dunn county economic development corporation is dedicated to promoting economic growth and stability in dunn county, wisconsin. we achieve this by assisting businesses of all sizes – whether you're looking to locate or build a commercial or industrial property, expand your existing company, or start a new venture.









share us!





 







the heart of
 west
                         central
                         wisconsin
                    













recent news


                        view all











                                                                                panel: wisconsin should seize esports industry
                                    


                                    april 16, 2021                                

proponents of esports see the competitive video gaming industry as poised for expansion in the state of wisconsin. “we don’t think of kids playing video games...                                    



 




                                                                                local businesses adapting to, overcoming challenges of pandemic
                                    


                                    april 16, 2021                                

the small businesses in downtown menomonie have been affected by the ongoing pandemic. covid-19 has changed the way that businesses operate as owners and employees...                                    



 




                                                                                new fitness center is 'fire'
                                    


                                    april 15, 2021                                

finding the energy to work out can sometimes feel insurmountable. but two chippewa vallians are absolutely blazing the fitness trails with their new menomonie franchise, fire...                                    



 




                                                                                farmer-labor podcast explores power in the farm economy
                                    


                                    april 14, 2021                                

wisconsin farmers union has launched a new resource for anyone seeking to learn more about how farming and labor intersect. the farmer-labor podcast is an...                                    












featured investors


































































































































































                                                            30 hours
                                                        

30 extra hours for fun!
menomonie's average commute is 7 minutes shorter than the national average - that's just over 30 hours a year!




30 hours











                                                            historic district
                                                        

menomonie’s main street has been designated a national downtown historic district.
read the article




historic district











                                                            top 20 small towns
                                                        

in its may issue, smithsonian ranked menomonie #15 among the “20 best small towns in america.
read the article




top 20 small towns











introducing the menomonie dunn county wisconsin virtual spec buildingfew decisions will have the positive long-term effects to your businesses success as your new building and its location. previously there were two choices; either the long, laborious process to build your facility from the ground up, getting exactly what you desire or locate in an existing building or a spec building, forcing you to adapt to a less than perfect building. learn moremenomonie land: 17.53 acre parcelsitting on the nw corner of highway 94 and highway 25, this large 17.53 acre parcel is ready for development. mostly flat land next to pizza hut, applebees, and the red cedar plaza with wal-mart and dunkin donuts across highway 25/broadway street n. this excellent site is conveniently located in a growing commercial area. learn more 






dunn county economic development corporation 


 










dunn county economic development corporation 

721 3rd st. e |harvey hall 470dmenomonie, wi  54751 tel  715.232.5444
                            accolaa@uwstout.edu




home
site map
contact










partner of:






                                © 2025 dunn county economic development corporation. all rights reserved.

                                
                                    economic development websites by
                                    golden shovel agency.
                                












