


california democratic majority



















    
	california democratic majority
	
  
www.cademmajority.com





thursday, march 23, 2006



	 
	 governor's failure on infrastructure bonds
	 
    


--------it appears the governor and his new bush-powered campaign team has thrown in the towel on his super-sized infrastructure debacle. last night, he punted his infrastructure bond to the legislature in the big 5, telling them since he didn't have the muscle to secure a single republican vote in either the assembly or senate for his package, he'd leave it to them to put something on his desk.now there's leadership.the governor without values or vision has abandoned ship on yet another of his ill-conceived grandiose plans. this latest gubernatorial fumble follows in the footsteps of the collapse of his "blowing up the boxes" california performance review, and last year's $50 million special election fiasco.the governor's latest failure highlights new fault lines in his governorship as he once again leaves the capitol for weeks of fundraising across the nation instead of focusing on california's problems.* a governor over his head -- the last three weeks show the governor continues to fail to grasp the complexities of running the state. once again he returned embarrassingly empty handed from washington, d.c. after pleading with the bush administration and republican congress for federal aid for levee repair -- then tripled his request for levee repairs by slipping a letter under the door of legislative leaders at night. he opted for heading to ohio for a body-building contest instead of negotiating for his bond package. and he failed to anticipate and quell the intra-party struggle among republicans on his proposals.* a major disconnect with the republican base -- conservative activists lobbied strongly against the governor's package. in fact, the governor failed to convince his own running mate, tom mcclintock, to vote for the package -- undermining the republican campaign. the howard jarvis taxpayers foundation and conservative bloggers railed against the governor, erasing the faux goodwill at the republican convention a few weeks ago.* a weakened relationship with the legislature -- the governor's relationship is even worse among democrats, with the senate president pro tem saying he was "sucker punched" by the administration. strategic errors by the governor's much vaunted new chief-of-staff in negotiations with republicans (failing to engage them before their retreat where they became in entrenched in their pay-as-you-go philosophy) and in pushing a water storage plan that made no sense to either republicans or democrats helped torpedo the deal.that odor you smell coming out of the first floor in the capitol is lame duck…   ###



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 2:00 pm
3 comments






friday, february 24, 2006



	 
	 my guv likes to party all the time, party all the time…
	 
    


----just a quick note to california political reporters, especially those of you attending the republican part-ay in san jose:will the governor get a nice reception in the hall? of course he will. you’ve all seen schwarzenegger stagecraft before. remember the so-called town halls packed with chamber officials and local gop activists last year?but, after the bad karaoke music stops at the gop convention and all of the college kids hired to hold signs and cheer for the "bold leader with big ideas" go back to school, -- (hey! what ever happened to blowing up those boxes?) -- will the governor and his fresh faced army from the rove school of compassionate politics have achieved all their goals?let’s see – 1)      repair his relationship with the base. after they bought off mcclintock, one assumes that should be a piece of cake, no? they desperately want to check that one off.2)      red meat to the crowd speech. check. (puuhleeze…they wrote that in the car on the way from the airport.)3)      get those republican votes for his bond package. che… oh wait…so, before you all put pen to paper and write about how the governor has regained his footing and brought in a disciplined army that can do rapid response in their sleep, just remember that the governor has had a full two months of positive tv coverage with his face on every newscast for weeks talking about infrastructure and his numbers dropped like a republican lawyer at a quail hunt. and don’t hold your breath for a list of the republican members who have signed on to vote for the governor’s bond package…###



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 3:41 pm
1 comments









	 
	 a familiar scenario: right-wing makes noise, but little else, at convention
	 
    


--by roger salazar(published in the capitol weekly - february 23rd, 2006)it's party time ― again. it's time for all the good, little, right-wing boys and girls of the oc, inland empire, and central valley to strut their stuff at the california republican party convention ― again.seriously, how many of these things do these guys have every year?still, this one ought to be interesting.the ppic poll out today shows schwarzenegger has failed to gain traction with the public, despite his infrastructure bond marketing tour. in fact, arnold's approval rating has tumbled down to 35 percent among all adults, dropping five points since january.arnold was hemorrhaging support from the left and the middle after the special election debacle and now is bleeding profusely from the right because of his apparent leftward lurches on the bond package, minimum wage, and because he installed former democratic party operatives to work on his campaign and staff. heck, even the new california republican party spokesman is a former clinton-gore operative.the fact that the california republican assembly didn't have the votes to force the party into rescinding its endorsement of schwarzenegger doesn't change that fact that they are one ticked-off crew. the base of the party has been mollified with promises of a policy debate over the issues, but the wingers are not pleased with the governor's flip-flopping. they have seen his rhetoric (not his actions, mind you) jump from hardcore fiscal conservative to a big borrowing spend-o-crat. the governator is going to have to work hard to keep the wingers on his side.so what are we to expect from the gathering of elephants in san jose this weekend? how will arnold shore up his support from the right-wing activists so critical to his upcoming reelection effort? two words ― red meat. when arnold drops as low as 35 percent, it means he's having trouble with his base. when he has trouble with his base, he tends to pander. will arnold do that again in san jose?perhaps arnold will remind the gop faithful about some of the right-wing things he's done for them while in office: stopping immigrants from getting driver's licenses (a policy he follows strictly himself); stopping gay marriage; and fighting the ability of unions to spend money on political issues? but if he does, how will all the pandering play back in sacramento with both republicans and democrats?schwarzenegger often talks about paddling a little on the left, then a little on the right. but what we've actually got is a governor who is constantly getting carried away by the current. this weekend, we'll see just how far right the republican base can push the arnold canoe.another force that might push that canoe is the coverage by gop bloggers.remember, this is a governor who was so concerned with the way conservative bloggers reacted to his appointment of susan kennedy that he invited jon fleischman into his office to give him a one-on-one briefing on his proposals. these folks will be commenting on schwarzenegger and the happenings of the gop convention in real time and we will see how much of an influence that has on the policy and political discussions.last november's ballot fight showed us the impact a demoralized republican base has on the outcome of an election. even with schwarzenegger and his conservative sidekick tom mcclintock campaigning up and down the state, the voters still rejected their message. arnold has been trying to make noise on the left ever since then, and he's paying dearly for it with the base. if we witness yet another flip-flop in san jose and hear red meat rhetoric for a red state crowd, it will confirm what we already know ­ this guy's troubles are far from over.roger salazar is a principal with the sacramento political consulting firm, acostasalazar llc. he was a spokesman for former vice president al gore, and served in former gov. gray davis’ press office.



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 2:32 pm
1 comments






tuesday, february 21, 2006



	 
	 what a long strange power trip…
	 
    


---while john howard and patrick dorinson well up over the sounds of “morning in america” in the capitol weekly puffery surrounding dorinson’s appointment as the head gop flack and his clichéd “i didn’t leave the party, the party left me” storyline, there’s another side of pat’s “personal odyssey” that goes unmentioned – his work for energy profiteer mirant.after working for the california independent systems operator through 2001, dorinson went to work as chief defender in the western states for energy giant mirant, the same company that was sued by california’s attorney general for fattening “their wallets at the expense of the california ratepayer.”  http://www.ag.ca.gov/newsalerts/2004/04-086.htmdorinson’s company and the others sued by the ag didn’t “attempt to refute the allegation that they sometimes sold power they had bid into the state's reserve market. but they said they were merely playing by market rules designed by the legislature and other state regulators who designed electricity deregulation… ‘mirant has always operated under the rules california set up,’ said patrick dorinson, a spokesman for the atlanta company.” (san francisco chronicle, march 12, 2002)not so fast.  just last year the attorney general announced a $749.7 million proposed settlement with mirant corporation to resolve allegations of price gouging and other unlawful conduct during the california energy crisis of 2000-01. http://ag.ca.gov/newsalerts/2005/05-005.htmso while he may try to spin this to the gop base as a “coming home” story, the story we see is just another corporate shill working for the governor.###



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 6:28 pm
0 comments






tuesday, november 29, 2005



	 
	 the collectinator has no clothes
	 
    


 once again, the collectinator has failed to deliver for  california.  schwarzenegger talks a big game, but his follow-through has been atrocious.as a reminder, “schwarzenegger campaigned as a republican who could work with the white house and pledged to make demands of the federal government. he vowed to recover ‘more than $50 billion’ from the federal government, saying the state pays more money to washington than it gets back. ‘by the time i'm through with this whole thing, i will not be known as the terminator — i will be known as the collectinator,’ schwarzenegger said while campaigning.” (fox news, october 16,  2003)   in 2004 “bush's budget, however, did little to help the  state.” (cnn,  february 22, 2004)   now the la  times reports that while arnold  jaunted off to china with his $10,000-a-head corporate buddies, the governor did next to nothing as congressional republicans were trying to force through some budget cuts in order to pay for the war in iraq and their botched response to hurricane katrina response. “republican-backed budget cuts moving through congress threaten to hit california with billions of dollars in lost aid, putting some state social services in jeopardy and gov. arnold schwarzenegger at risk of yet another political setback.” the proposed republican cuts include, “provisions that,  in california, would make it tougher to get child support from tens of thousands of deadbeat parents, would strip food stamps from legal immigrants, and would make less money available to doctors who treat low-income patients.” (la  times, november 25, 2005)   californians might have hoped that “the collectinator” would use his republican ties to put a stop to this – what bold move would the guv employ to stop these cuts dead in their tracks? one letter.  yes, arnold did write a letter to the california republican reps urging them to vote no, and only after significant pressure from democrats. not a visit, or a phone call, or a press conference … a letter. arnold’s letter turned out pretty much like his special election: this guy is zero for life. the same times article reports that every single one of schwarzenegger’s buddies in california republican delegation voted in  favor of the cuts. this turn of events, while upsetting, is not wholly  surprising considering arnold’s flimsy grasp on how one actually gets the president to send federal dollars our way. earlier this year, while campaigning for bush, our governor said he wouldn’t be upset if his appearances didn’t translate into more money for california: "what i don't want to see is that i stopped at one stop that maybe we get an extra billion dollars -- and (new york gov. george) pataki stopped 15 stops for bush and gets $15 billion more." (cnn,  february 17, 2005)   after wasting millions of dollars in the special  election, then losing billions more while off in china, how much longer will the people of  california buy  this guy’s empty promises? 



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 6:20 pm
1 comments






thursday, november 24, 2005



	 
	 whew! glad he took care of that
	 
    


---governor schwarzenegger proclaims november 24, 2005 as thanksgiving day"...in celebration of thanksgiving, we recognize the californians who came before us, those who triumphed over obstacles with courage and ingenuity. we proudly follow their trail to ensure that our state continues to be a land of freedom and opportunity for all.now, therefore, i, arnold schwarzenegger, governor of the state of california, do hereby proclaim november 24, 2005, as 'thanksgiving day.'" thank you for handing down that decree, governor obvious. i kinda thought abraham lincoln took care of that one awhile back.



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 10:12 am
0 comments






tuesday, november 22, 2005



	 
	 our turkey of the year award goes to…
	 
    


well, it will come as no surprise to you that we at the california democratic majority have selected governor arnold schwarzenegger as the recipient of our first ever “turkey of the year” award.  appearances by the governator in california have been few and far between since his failed special election (and no, running off to red china with your big business allies doesn’t count) with the thanksgiving holiday coming up, we thought we’d give you a few reminders of what makes this “turkey” so special.  the man without a plan – on saturday, it was reported that the schwarzenegger administration “has failed to comply with a law requiring it to submit a five-year plan on the state's building needs… after taking office in november 2003, schwarzenegger's office did not submit a plan for 2004, and it has not yet submitted one this year. the plan was supposed to be included with the governor's budget jan. 10.” (san   jose mercury news, november 19, 2005) anybody who has been paying attention knows that the ss schwarzenegger is a rudderless ship. the governor has no plan to deal with education; no plan to deal with healthcare; and the plan to deal with infrastructure consists of nothing more than trial balloons. in any event, the administration’s continual flaunting of the law, as though it doesn’t apply to them, continues to amaze capitol observers.  the stone wall – during the recall campaign, governor schwarzenegger pledged to make his the most open administration in history. yet his attorneys continue to rebuff attempts from news organizations and others for the most basic of information.  “a free-speech group and two newspapers sued gov. arnold schwarzenegger on monday to try to force him to reveal who was meeting with two of his top aides while he was considering the fate of hundreds of bills last year.” (associated press, november 21, 2005)  this suit should be unnecessary given the governor’s campaign promises with respect to transparency. another broken promise for the governor equals another reason for turkey of the year. the blame game – last week, the capitol weekly reported the governor’s chief campaign strategist recused himself and the governor from any responsibility in the derailment of the “reform” express and instead placed the fault entirely on big business.   “two days after the special election, the california chamber of commerce held its post-election powwow in the former four seasons hotel in newport   beach. the talk of the two-day affair was the keynote speech from campaign strategist mike murphy, who told the room full of business leaders that they were to blame for the governor's defeat. numerous sources in attendance said murphy chided the business community for not matching the spending by labor unions during the election. and because of the governor's defeat, murphy warned the room that they should prepare for some uncomfortable moments in the year ahead.” (capitol weekly, november 17, 2005) hmm… how much do you want to bet the folks at the chamber feel like they’re the ones being stuffed this thanksgiving? 



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 3:36 pm
1 comments









	 
	 a democrat gives thanks--for all the republican turkeys
	 
    


--special to the capitol weekly (published november 22nd, 2005)ahhh, the thanksgiving commentary column. what a perfect opportunity to provide some insight on the events of the past year and set the stage for the political happenings of the next. or maybe, if you're cheeky, you can take some gratuitous potshots at political opponents disguised as an essay reflecting on the year's many blessings. there are so many things to be thankful for this year, such as the governor's wonderful official/campaign advance staff, who never missed an opportunity to phony up even the most intimate of events, but why dwell on the past? in the spirit of the season, let's try and navigate away from the latter. (with one exception: thank you president bush for loaning the citizens to save california one of his top press aides. that reed dickens guy was great!) because team arnold decided to drag the entire political community down into the swamp in an effort to boost their boss's ego, it's safe to say no one feels like they had a great year. sure we're grateful we beat back the governor's flawed initiatives, but it wasn't really an election anybody wanted. for the democrats, however, there are still quite a few things to be thankful for this year. we give thanks for new alliances. gov. schwarzenegger's decision to declare all-out war on teachers, nurses, police, firefighters and state employees brought together a formidable alliance that was unified as never before. while schwarzenegger attempted to use his ready access to the media to demonize the leaders of these groups as uncaring "bosses," these folks banded together and fought back to protect the people they serve: students, patients, victims - basically the general public. together, the alliance successfully recast the special election as a fight between the governor's big business special interests versus regular people. if the alliance remains intact, the governor and his chamber of commerce buddies will have a tough time implementing the anti-worker vision they laid out this past january. the good news for democrats is that they should have an easier time pushing for an increase in the minimum wage and other long overdue worker safeguards. we give thanks to the voters for holding schwarzenegger accountable for his promises. earlier this year, the governor reneged on his campaign promise not to mess with proposition 98. we worked with the education coalition to remind people the governor had gone back on his word on this and other education commitments. the centerpiece of the schwarzenegger "reform" agenda, proposition 76, would have obliterated voter-approved education funding guarantees. no matter how much air freshener the folks at the senator hotel sprayed around the so-called "live within our means" act, the voters smelled a rat from the very beginning. they crushed prop. 76 and saved our schools from future raids by this or any future governor. education funding was reinforced as a top priority and the governor ignores this voter mandate at his own peril. speaking of voters, we also give thanks for the increased clout of the latino electorate. latino voter participation has been steadily increasing in california. fifteen percent of latino voters turned out to vote in the 2002 california election and eighteen percent turned out nationally for the 2004 cycle. sadly, we have seen no exit polling for the 2005 special election, but given the attention, paid and otherwise, from both sides i expect latino turnout continued to improve. right now, this bodes well for democrats because latinos see schwarzenegger as (lessee…how shall i put this?)...well, a backstabbing liar. as long as democrats don't make the mistake of taking the latino vote for granted, the strength of this voter bloc should bode well for us in 2006 and beyond.roger salazar is a principal with the sacramento political consulting firm, acostasalazar llc. he was a spokesman for former vice president al gore, and served in former gov. gray davis’ press office.



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 10:09 am
1 comments






monday, november 14, 2005



	 
	 from the golden state blog...
	 
    


michael hiltzik of the la times has a blog. the following appeared on friday:the chamber drops the ballone of the dirty little secrets of the recent special election campaign is the disastrous role played by the california chamber of commerce. to its tradition of being utterly useless to the average californian, this organization has now added the distinction of becoming a dead weight around the neck of its chief spear-carrier, arnold schwarzenegger.anthony york touches briefly on some of this background in his incisive post-mortem today in capitol weekly. to flesh it out, the calamitous "live within our means act," otherwise known as proposition 76, was drafted jointly by chamber president alan zaremberg and bill hauck, president of the california business roundtable. hauck is a public-spirited man who has served ably on a number of state panels over the years, some of which have made some very sensible recommendations for real reforms. the same can’t be said of zaremberg, whose organization has had nothing but a noxious influence on the state.the chamber’s input is plainly what gave prop 76 its coloration as an instrument of special interests. this is par for the course. the chamber has consistently defined the interests of its membership in the narrowest possible terms, boiling them down to little more than lower taxes and less regulation. in so doing, it has come to represent the interests of a narrow spectrum of california businesses—chiefly department stores and fast food restaurants. when it labels a universal health care mandate a "job killer," it’s speaking up for mcdonald’s franchisees, not for the responsible corporations that already provide health care for their employers and are losing out to lose out to freeloading competitors, like wal-mart, that let medi-cal and public hospitals treat their workers—at the expense of the rest of us.the chamber loves to attack minimum-wage increases and social spending. it has never offered the people of this state any comprehensive policy proposals on education reform, budget and revenue reform, or medical insurance reform. it just kicks back and says no.i asked zaremberg during the chamber’s 2004 campaign against sb2, the health insurance mandate law, when his organization would propose a health insurance policy of its own. he promised me one would be forthcoming as soon as sb2 was killed. it was killed in the november 2004 election. i’m still waiting for him to make good on his pledge.one other point mentioned by york bears examination. he notes that the schwarzenegger campaign was barred by law from running the initiative campaigns, which were left to the likes of zaremberg and joel fox of the sham small business action committee (among its "small" backers are philip morris usa and pacific gas & electric) to manage, or, more accurately, mismanage. but schwarzenegger had to keep hands off only if he wanted to have free rein to raise as much money as he could. if he were willing to stick to the $23,000 per donor contribution limits established by state law, he could have been chairman of the initiative committee, too. his decision to go all-out for cash simply reflects how corporate-friendly an enterprise the special election was.if there’s any justice, the results of the special election should mark an end to the chamber of commerce’s single-minded and narrow-minded influence in sacramento. nothing’s wrong with business being at the table when policy is made at the statehouse; the business community has a lot to offer us in skills, knowledge, and vigor. but it needs to take a broader view of its own interests and a longer view of what it takes to rebuild california. that won’t happen until the chamber leadership is run out of town on a rail.



posted by roger salazar & andrew acosta at 10:43 am
2 comments












links

california democratic party
bob's blog
phoblographer
the roundup
rough & tumble
around the capitol
capital notes
capitol weekly
cal races
the california observer
hack n flak
california campaigns
stop arnold
arnold watch

previous posts

governor's failure on infrastructure bonds
my guv likes to party all the time, party all the ...
a familiar scenario: right-wing makes noise, but l...
what a long strange power trip…
the collectinator has no clothes
whew! glad he took care of that
our turkey of the year award goes to…
a democrat gives thanks--for all the republican tu...
from the golden state blog...
wilson acknowledges his political  twin

archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
february 2006
march 2006









 



