



	the psoriasis association

































psoriasis association









helpline

phone

01604 251 620


email

mail@psoriasis-association.org.uk


whatsapp

07387 716 439




join us!
donate now!









information & support
get involved
raising awareness
research
news
about us
forums



join us!
donate now!


follow us

































join us!
donate now!





















accessing dermatology care in scotland?
we want to hear from you!











psoriatic arthritis updated leaflet
learn more











join our facebook group
join here











forums
share your experiences









    







supporting people with psoriasisproviding information, advice and support to those whose lives are affected by psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. we run a helpline service for people who need information, advice and support and we have a comprehensive range of information materials available.


find out more














raising awareness of psoriasiswe run an annual awareness week and work hard to raise awareness of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis at events, meetings and exhibitions attended by our members, the general public, healthcare professionals and politicians.


find out more














researching psoriasiswe promote and fund research into the causes, nature and care of psoriasis, and publish and disseminate the results of that research.


find out more














fundraisingwe are incredibly grateful to everyone who gives up their time to raise funds and awareness on behalf of the psoriasis association, enabling us to continue our vital work. find out how you can get involved.


find out more














the helplineour confidential helpline service aims to provide information about all aspects of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, a friendly voice and a listening ear. you can call, email or whatsapp us.


find out more














your storieshaving psoriasis or psoriatic arthritis can sometimes feel isolating, but it doesn't have to be that way. we're sharing your real-life stories to help others realise they do not have to experience psoriasis alone.  


find out more











forums



sign in to join in the forums








sign in






new to the site?
our forums are your space to share your experiences of living with psoriasis.
sign up to take part or just have a look around here

register



latest posts



blueberries
posted today 13.05 by leopardlady




skyrizi best thing ever
posted today 12.43 by ruth




psoriasis spreading to ears and eyes
posted today 12.24 by ruth









	what's going on?








	chloe's story


chloe faced a long waiting time before having her psoriasis diagnosis confirmed. now, six months on, she's seen a huge improvement








	psoteen


a website specifically for teenagers and young adults with psoriasis








	new information leaflets


check out our updated resources featuring images from our latest photoshoot








	psoriasis awareness week 2024 recap








	psoriasis and sleep q&a with dr catherine o'leary


watch the video here








	harry's story


harry is sharing his story after living with psoriasis for 6 years. he talks about how he manages his stress levels which is his biggest trigger








	dev's story


dev's tried many treatments whilst living with psoriasis for over 10 years, even travelling to india to try and find solutions








	get involved








	volunteer


find out how you can get involved with our work 








	fundraise for us


find out how you can become a psoriasis association fundraiser








	take part in research


the latest psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis research opportunities








	coronavirus (covid-19)








	covid-19 information


key information for people with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis








	covid-19 vaccine & psoriasis


info on vaccines, psoriasis and immunosuppressant medication








	tips for a virtual consultation


to help you get the most our of telephone and video appointments











	our impact



14,500+
helpline conversations held in the past 12 years


5.8million
given in research grants since our foundation


50,000+
followers on social media










the psoriasis association is the uk's leading national charity and membership organisation for people affected by psoriasis - patients, families, carers and healthcare professionals. read more >


navigationinformation & supportget involvedraising awarenessresearchabout usforumsnewsjoin usdonatesitemap


get in touchthe psoriasis associationdick coles house2 queensbridgenorthamptonnn4 7bfemail: mail@psoriasis-association.org.uk telephone: 01604 251 620whatsapp: 07387716439









© the psoriasis association charitable incorporated organisation number: 1180666 scotland: sc049563 privacy policycookies
site by spoken image | glitterfish




we use cookies to help us provide you with a better service, but do not track anything that can be used to personally identify you.
		    if you prefer us not to set these cookies, please visit our cookie settings page or continue browsing our site to accept them.
            close






psoriasiscovid-19 informationabout psoriasistypes of psoriasisliving with psoriasistreatments for psoriasispsoriasis faqschildren and psoriasisgood quality information
psoriatic arthritisabout psoriatic arthritistreatments for psoriatic arthritis
additional informationleaflets & information sheetsunavailable treatmentsvideo resourcessupporthelplinepeer to peer supportyour stories


support our workmake a donationbecome a memberleave a gift in your willsupport us while you shop
fundraisingfundraise for usfundraising events fundraising ideas
take partvolunteer/awareness opportunitiestake part in research


raising awarenesspsoriasis awareness weekyour storiesitching to talk?psowell
psoriasis awareness week 2024monday 28th october - sunday 3rd november
your storiesread the real life stories of people living with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.find out how you can share your own story.


our researchour research strategyour researchresearch results
getting involvedtake part in researchresearch networkexperts by experience committee
for researchersapply for a grantcapturing research impactsupporting researchers


we are the leading national charity and membership organisation for people affected by psoriasis in the uk.through our work, we help people whose lives are affected by psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, providing information and raising awareness.
find out moreour aimshistoryfundingour impactour teamwork with us

get in touchsend us an emailphone: 01604 251 620whatsapp: 07387716439










our forumspsoriasis experiencestalk about treatmentspsoriatic arthritisgeneral chat

join our communityregister with us to connect and share with others around the world.create your free account


existing memberssign inforgotten your password?




browse news
all stories


latest articles
waiting times nhs scotland - share your experienceare you living in scotland and experiencing long wait times in access to dermatology?

we want to hear from you!ceanel shampoo updatewe received an update from derma uk, manufacturers of ceanel concentrate medicated shampoo, which is hoped to return to shelves in summer 2025.










