




panhandle area educational consortium | serving the students of northwest florida since 1967


























skip to the content




panhandle area
educational consortium











serving the students of northwest florida since 1967

☰mainmenu
×

home
instructional

title iv part a
paec connects
curriculum support services
leadership academies
academic and professional development
florida diagnostic and learning resources system
universal design for learning
migrant education program
students with emotional / behavioral disabilities network (sednet)
paec virtual instruction
professional learning catalog
panhandle school counselor network
aims math resources
presentation handouts
district data profiles
panhandle area educational consortium resilience hub
2023-2024 mathematics professional learning videos


business

student data services
gateway finance and payroll system services
legislative network
human resources / recruitment
human resources professional learning
paec summer bus inservice
school board model policies
other business services
district strategic planning
district data profiles
florida buy
toolkits and policy updates
canva templates for schools and social media


risk management

home
paec name, image and likeness policy webinar


paec professional learning
parents
epdc

calendar
menu / login
course offerings (public)
create an account


paec virtual instruction
florida buy
teach nwfl

paec jobs
district employment opportunities
job opportunities
paec district human capital contact
florida doe certification information
region i workforce
floridateachers.org
educators rising




753 west boulevard, chipley, fl  32428
phone 850-638-6131

about us
contact us











the fdlrs network provides diagnostic and instructional support services to district exceptional student education programs statewide.the paec state cooperative purchasing program is a legislatively approved program that saves
school districts time and money via e-commerce and in-person facilitation of pre-bid products and services.click for details and to apply as positions become available. wide open spaces, sparkling emerald gulf beaches, canoeing, hiking,
gardening, fishing, and hunting are only a few of the relaxing activities to occupy your time when not in the classroom...the large conference room has been undergoing some major technology upgrades.  we are glad to announce that phase 1 of the technology upgrades are now complete...

welcome to panhandle area educational consortium
*notice to vendors – wcsd 25-07 – click here for info*notice to vendors – wcsd 25-01/aepa 025 – click here for info

panhandle area educational consortium was established over 57 years ago to serve the students and communities in northwest florida. paec is one of three legislatively created educational consortium in florida. we are proudly led by our members, and we work to meet the unique needs of our small, rural school districts by providing a mix of high-quality services, vigorous advocacy, and forward-looking leadership. paec facilitates district collaboration, fosters shared services, and develops talent at every level of our member districts. we serve 15-member districts, representing over 48,000 students, as well as many other non-member districts that purchase services. paec proudly serves the school districts of calhoun, franklin, gadsden, gulf, holmes, jackson, jefferson, liberty, madison, taylor, wakulla,  walton, washington counties, fsu collegiate school (fsu-bay) and the famu-developmental research school.


our mission is to provide a continuum of services that elevate student achievement throughout all consortium school districts
our vision, advancing schools and communities for student success
our tagline, every student, every day







current solicitations
notice to vendors - click here



latest news:
hopeflorida


hope florida serves as a connection point for community collaboration between the public and private sector, faith-based communities, and nonprofits.

click for more ...


district employment opportunities


check here for opportunities in paec school districts

click for more ...


canva templates for schools and social media


click here for template links you can use

click for more ...


title ix, part a: florida mckinney-vento program


what it is? title ix, part a: florida …  title ix, part a: florida mckinney-vento program

click for more ...


empowering florida’s students


florida is leading a first-in-the-nation approach that empowers students to persevere and overcome…

click for more ...


congratulations to the taylor, liberty, and washington county school districts!


congratulations to the taylor, liberty, and washington county school districts! 

click for more ...


superintendent of the year


the best school superintendent lives here in the panhandle

click for more ...


2023-2024 mathematics professional learning videos


click here and check back for continuing mathematics content

click for more ...


seaperch internationals!


the embry-riddle aeronautical university and paec supported northwest …  seaperch internationals!

click for more ...


florida is ranked as number one state for education by u.s. news & world report


~ florida higher education system ranked #1 for …  florida is ranked as number one state for education by u.s. news & world report

click for more ...




click here for more ...







event calendar:









panhandle area educational consortium
serving the students of northwest florida since 1967

753 west boulevard, chipley, fl  32428
phone 850-638-6131






© 2025 panhandle area educational consortium


















