












what was huemanbookstore.com?
































































menu

home
genres

cooking
culture & history
fantasy
fiction
horror
mystery & thriller
non-fiction
romance
science fiction


misc
contact us




search


 





as amazon associates we earn from qualifying purchases. thank you for your support!







what was huemanbookstore.com?



huemanbookstore.com or hue-man online was an online store that closed down in 2020 during the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic. it was founded in 2013 by marva allen and it combined the experience of both books and technology.
the goal of huemanbookstore.com was to pioneer a new business model that combined hi-tech events with their hi-tech vision. this business model was called “pop-up” and was a part of the power of one project. it was a bold and innovative plan to support young authors and organizations through various services.
but alas, not all things are meant to be and we here at ereads.com are very sad about their demise. we will remain fans of this amazing project forever!
but it is time to turn the page. welcome to ereads.com and enjoy our site. here are a few amazing articles celebrating the writers who spent their lives fighting against injustice.
6 best native american authors
10 best black poetry books
4 best black feminist books
5 best toni morrison books
5 best alice walker books











 





michael englert 



michael is a graduate of cultural studies and history. he enjoys a good bottle of wine and (surprise, surprise) reading. as a small-town librarian, he is currently relishing the silence and peaceful atmosphere that is prevailing.



 

 








 
hello everyone! we are a bunch of book enthusiasts who enjoy reading books and writing about them. we really hope that you will enjoy our little blog. and just to let you know, we might make a dollar or two out of the amazon affiliate links posted around the website. thank you for your support! it means the world to us!
also, after we registered the ereads.com domain, we realized that it used to belong to a certain publishing company. thus this little disclaimer – ereads.com is not affiliated with e-reads publishing, open road integrated media, nook digital or barnes & noble in any way.
 





ereads copyright © 2025.
terms of service and privacy policy ereads.com is not affiliated with e-reads publishing, open road integrated media, nook digital or barnes & noble in any way. 



























