

sorry, your browser does not support javascript.

gsmls































skip to main content



garden state mls
multiple listing service llc

property search
open house search
broker search
members only






search for your new home in northern new jersey
if you are looking for a new home to buy in northern nj, then this is where you need to  start your search. new homes for sale are  available for search in: bergen county, essex county, hudson  county, hunterdon county, middlesex county, morris county, passaic county, somerset county, sussex county, union county and  warren county.

property search
open house search




looking for an office?
search using the full or partial name



search





these are some of the same listings that are in the mls database that the real estate agents in north jersey
	use to sell homes!
it just gets more and more unbelievable. we really do offer some of the most comprehensive property listings
	in north jersey. also, the database reflects property information as it appears in our mls database at the
	time of your search. this means that you are seeing the most recent additions to our database and that you are not wasting your
	time with listings that are no longer available.


 99% of the residential properties that are
		multiple listed with garden state are available to be searched on this site.



8,506 properties are currently advertised
		for sale in nj on our site. images for almost every single home for sale are available!



our listing database reflects active listing information for all property types that
		have been marked to be published on our site.






this site is maintained by garden state multiple listing service, l.l.c. ("gsmls") as
			a service to its participant real estate brokers. all real estate advertising on this site has been placed here by these real
			estate brokers. all real estate advertising on this site is subject to the federal fair housing act of 1968 as amended which
			makes it illegal to advertise any preference, limitation or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex,
			handicap, familial status or national origin, or an intention to make any such preference, limitation or
			discrimination. gsmls will not knowingly accept any advertisement for real estate which is in violation of the law. individuals accessing
			this site are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised on this site are available on an equal opportunity
			basis. to complain of discrimination, call hud toll-free at 1-800-669-9777. for the hearing impaired call 1-800-927-9275.
			notice to prospective renters: any rents advertised herein for qualified real rental property may be subject
			to any rebate or credit required by state law (n.j.s.a. 54:4-6.3 et seq.).
notice: the dissemination of listings on this website does not constitute the consent
			required by n.j.a.c. 11:5.6.1(n) for the advertisement of listings exclusively listed for sale by another broker. any
			such consent must be obtained in writing from the listing broker. send mail to info@gsmls.com 
			with questions or comments about this web site.
		




copyright © garden state mls, llc
contact us |
	site map |
	copyright/dmca notice







