


completely free software - windows & dos freeware


































  












windows 32-bit95/98/me/xp/vista/7


   desktop utils
   games
   general apps
   graphics
   internet
   multimedia
   text
   win extras







windows 16-bitwin 3.x & dos


   desktop utils
   games
   general apps
   internet
   win extras







general information


   home
   visitor info
   link to us
   resources
   webauthors
   cfs faqs
   contact cfs
   about cfs
   why cfs
   cfs sitemap








site recognition





visit our awards page to view the many awards and commendations this site has received.

usa today hot siteseptember 9, 1999

netscape cool site of the dayjanuary 12, 1999







friends of cfs


 


















  home
 



to: 
intro |
our charter |
about the freeware |
the ratings criteria |
why???









 





enter your search terms

submit search form

 

completely free software

web











for fabulously fresh freeware!




intro


the cfs site has links to many, many thousands of completely free – and legal – windows and dos programs. we have access to archives dating back to the early 1980s!

all listed freeware is freely available to all visitors, as are all our exclusive program reviews.

over 2,600 programs are downloadable from this site. many of those programs are not available through any other website. programs hosted by cfs are marked with this icon: 
if you are unsure of the differences between shareware, freeware and public domain software, please view our definitions page.

because of the interest in advertiser supported software (often called ‘adware’ and sometimes ‘spyware’) cfs has posted some information on this subject.
 

our charter

to list the very best software which is completely free for non-commercial use. freeware programs listed do not time-out, are fully functional (though they may be ‘lite’ versions of commercial or shareware programs) and the author does not demand payment for the continued use of the program.

they must be designed for use on the dos platform (ms-dos compatible) and/or for use with microsoft windows versions designed for home or domestic use (includes windows 3, windows 95 & 98, windows me, windows xp, and 32-bit versions of vista & windows 7).
 

about the freeware listed

the freeware listed on this site has been hand-picked, tested, reviewed and rated to bring you the very best software.

because our charter (see above) is to list software which is legally free (without time restraints) for educational and home use, we do not include windows nt/2000-specific programs, though most listed programs are suitable for that platform.

we also do not currently support any 64-bit operating system as these are generally designed for commercial use. again, many of the programs listed on this site are suitable for these platforms.

cfs does not list linux, smartphone apps (including pocket pc and windows ce), or apple macintosh software.

while we do list some legally free commercial programs, this does not include the microsoft windows operating system (any version, including xp, vista or win7) which is not legally free.
 

the ratings criteria   

we rate programs in "golden doves" – from five doves (best) down to one dove (worst). programs are also listed in the order our reviewers consider to be best, with the first program on a page being ‘better’ than the second, the second being ‘better’ than the third, etc, even though they might have the same ‘dove’ rating.
programs are rated on a variety of criteria, with usability being most important. other factors which influence our reviewers include (in no particular order) the number of features, the usability of those features, ease of use, download size (small is best), helpfile/readme file assistance, appearance, perceived popularity, etc.
 


cfs privacy policy

unless specifically requested, completely free software does not gather or store information which could identify individual visitors to this site. full details here.
 

why completely free software? by graham pockett


“this site was born in may 1996 from frustration – frustration that many of the so-called ‘free software’ sites were not offering freeware but shareware, time-limited, or demo software which cost money to use or are not really functional. only the download was ‘free’.

even when genuinely free software was offered (usually mixed with shareware), many times there was no indication of its quality, download size, or even which of the listed programs were shareware and which were freeware.

the cfs site is designed to cater to those requirements – good quality, genuinely free software (freeware) which has been checked and rated – programs i use and ones which you will want to use too. while descriptions are brief, there is usually much more information in the cfs program review and on the program’s homepage (where the link will usually take you).

for more information about why this site was created, and about a pirate computer club which started my freeware collecting, please check out confessions of a software pirate.”
read more


graham pockett, founder & editor
completely free software 















delivers news, articles and commentaries relevant to christians of
all denominations across the world











disclaimer:


the software listed on the completely free software website is provided as is and the webauthor(s) of the completely free software website makes no warranty or representation either express or implied with respect to any listed software its quality accuracy or fitness for a particular purpose.
completely free software is a program listing service and software library. it does not produce its own software. like any library it does not enter into copyright disputes between authors publishers and copyright holders. it is up to the legal owner to pursue copyright infringements directly with a program’s author and/or publisher. completely free software assumes that all copyright issues are resolved (even when told otherwise) and that program authors have full permission to use the characters, concepts and ideas presented in their programs. program authors and publishers can request that completely free software remove any listed program and this will be carried out as soon as possible. a program will also be removed if completely free software receives notification from a duly recognized officer of the court pertaining to a legal ruling which would prevent that program from being listed. however responsibility and legal liability in the area of copyright rests solely with the program author and/or publisher and not with completely free software or its webauthor(s), staff or agents.
to the best of our knowledge all listed programs were completely free for non-commercial use when first listed and we encourage users and program authors to report any instances where this might not now be the case. users are reminded that some software authors change their program’s status from freeware to shareware after it becomes popular, as is their right.
the webauthor(s), staff and agents of the completely free software site recognize the trademarks company names and program titles as being the property of the relative companies program authors or copyright holders and their use on this site is not intended to infringe on those rights.
note:
we request that users consult directly with program authors if they have a problem with a particular program. we have neither the resources nor the time to try and sort out individual problems. by liaising directly with the program authors you will be helping them to keep their programs up-to-date and bug-free.






the key to life?
 
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
could this key save your life?
click on it to find out.





last updated: tuesday, june 18, 2024








 

privacy policy
unless specifically requested, completely free software does not gather or storeinformation which could identify individual visitors to this site. full details here.

 



