







lynn police department












































 


 


skip to content










online reporting












public record request












police logs











animal control











behavioral health unit













lynn police department - phone





lynn police department - email





lynn police department - facebook





lynn police department - twitter





lynn police department - instagram





lynn police department - youtube






































 
homelynn pd chief’s message department profile annual report in memory historydivisionsresourcesnews news officer of the month missing persons most wantedanonymous tipscontactjoin lynn pd










 
homelynn pd chief’s message department profile annual report in memory historydivisionsresourcesnews news officer of the month missing persons most wantedanonymous tipscontactjoin lynn pd


















call us












email us































 
homelynn pd chief’s message department profile annual report in memory historydivisionsresourcesnews news officer of the month missing persons most wantedanonymous tipscontactjoin lynn pd










 
homelynn pd chief’s message department profile annual report in memory historydivisionsanimal control officerbehavioral health unitnews news officer of the month missing persons most wantedanonymous tipscontact








 







 





welcome to lynn p.d.






the lynn police department is committed to the enforcement of laws and the preservation of order that protects the rights and property of every person within the city of lynn. our mission is to provide the highest quality police service and to impact crime, and its associated elements, through the utilization of new and proven crime prevention strategies and problem-solving partnerships with our community.









about us




resources


 




















chief's message






welcome and thank you for visiting the website for the city of lynn police department.  i am incredibly proud of the men and women of the lynn police department and the great work they do every day to make this community safe.  the dedicated members of this department serve a diverse and dynamic community of more than 101,000 people with a long tradition of welcoming newcomers from all over the world as they seek to build a new life in this great country. 







read more



























recent news

























officer dulong awarded 3rd division bronze badge


congratulations to officer dulong who was recently awarded the 3rd division bronze badge as part of our senior officer recognition program. this honor is reserved for the senior patrol officer…
















join our team! 2025 civil service deadline january 28, 2025!


















edward byrne memorial justice assistance grant program – public announcement


from: deputy chief michael p. vail date: september 13, 2024 subject: edward byrne memorial justice assistance grant program – public announcement _________________________________________________ 2024 edward byrne memorial justice assistance grant (jag)…
















officer flores awarded 2nd division bronze badge


congratulations to officer flores who was recently awarded the 2nd division bronze badge as part of our senior officer recognition program. this honor is reserved for the senior patrol officer…
















suspect arrested in fatal shooting of 17-year-old


lynn, mass. – july 23, 2024 – authorities have made an arrest in the fatal shooting of kai burgos, 17, of lynn, that took place in the 40 federal street…
















six suspects charged with murder in lynn drive-by shooting


lynn, mass. – july 19, 2024 – the office of essex county district attorney paul tucker has charged six suspects in connection to the drive-by shooting that left jandriel heredia,…
















search warrant reveals drugs, bomb making materials


on monday june 3, 2024, the lynn police drug task force executed two search warrants at 30 franklin street #4 and 63 franklin street #1. during the searches, detectives seized…
















rx drug take back program


the lynn police department has a prescription drug collection box located in the lobby of the police station and is open 24 hours a day. drop-offs are completely confidential. over…


































our divisions




























patrol division






















cid (detective)






















professional standards






















administrative services






















support services




















officer of the month






this award is to recognize the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer, whether assigned to our patrol division or one of our special units, who has demonstrated exceptional dedication in the performance of his/her duties during the previous month. this could be from either a single incident or event, or from consistently performing at a high level during the entire month. the award is intended to recognize the efforts of officers that may not necessarily rise to the level of a commendation.




















august 2023 officer brendan powicki


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















september 2023 officer kenneth pedone


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















october 2023 officer jeremy picanco


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















november 2023 officer nicholas peveri


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















february 2024 officer nicholas bona


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















march 2024officer travis ryan


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















april 2024  officer robert liberge


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















may 2024  officer james atkins


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















july 2024  officer andrew kreamer


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















august 2024  officer benjamin craven


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















september 2024  officer belsar gonzalez


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
















october 2024  detective jeffrey trahant


the ‘officer of the month’ award recognizes the efforts of an individual with the rank of patrol officer from division…
























 
























chief of police - christopher p. reddy
deputy chief of police - mark o'toole
deputy chief of police - michael vail
confidential asst. - vanessa krawczyk










quick links







homecontact








contact info













781-595-2000 











lynn police dept. 300 washington street. lynn, ma 01902 













contact directory 


















© 2025 lynn police department | all rights reserved. | privacy policy | powered by southcoast internet









 
translate »


















