

























home - golden peanut








































































about usproducts




hull & fiberagform 100ground hullspelleted hullswhole hullspeanut flour12% fat28% fatpeanut mealpeanut oilrefined oilextractroasted aromatic oilpeanutsu.s.argentina



golden growers




u.s.argentinaargentina community sustainability



resources




about usproductspeanutsu.s.argentina

peanut oilrefined oilextractroasted aromatic oil

peanut flour12% fat28% fat

hull & fiberagform 100ground hullspelleted hullswhole hulls

peanut mealgolden growersu.s.argentinaresources






contact







home




quality peanut products—from seed to shelf.





superior peanut products—from seed to shelf.



rooted to flourish
at golden peanut, we win when you do. we wouldn’t be here without our people, our partners, and the connections we’ve cultivated together. that’s why we’re dedicated to being here from seed to harvest and beyond, giving you the expertise you need to thrive. our deep roots and equitable partnerships have global reach—enabling the development of nutrition-rich products and regenerative practices that lead the way. together, we deliver superior peanut products from seed to shelf.



peanut products
unlocking a more regenerative andnutrition-rich future
golden peanut is a global company that partners with manufacturers to provide a full range of peanut ingredients. nutritious plant ingredients: peanuts, peanut oils and extracts, versatile peanut flours, and high-performing seed, hulls and fiber—and that’s just the beginning. discover all that we have to offer, and let’s connect to grow your future.

get started





golden growers
here to support, sustain and strengthen—every step of the way.
golden peanut takes pride in our role as a partner to growers and processors, working hand in hand to achieve mutual success. together, we are shaping the regenerative and nutrient-rich future of agriculture and bringing high-quality products to the world. our mission is to empower our partners with the resources, expertise, and market access they need to thrive in a competitive market. discover all that we have to offer, and let’s connect to grow your future.

get started





contact
let’s connect
tell us about what you are looking for and your needs, and we’ll connect you with the very best partner.

contact us










linkedin
youtube





productspeanutspeanut oilpeanut flourhull & fiberpeanut meal


golden growersu.s.argentina


companyabout usresourcescontact












golden peanut company, llc | copyright 2024. all rights reserved. | privacy | disclaimer | cookies settings






































