




officeport


























enrichment
scanalist
gradrecorder
purchup
lookup
mobile id
lockerport
lessontune


testimonials
faq
contact us






find time to lead.admin tools created to manage efficient schools.
see them in action.


time-lapse

real-time










the purpose of the enrichment period is to give students a chance for additional help from teachers, chances to support their social emotional growth, and an opportunity to develop autonomy, time management and executive functioning skills. manage attendance and keep track of student participation.
highlights

a student just scans their id on any desktop connected to a barcode scanner, or automatically using our low-cost kiosk.
optionally, a user can be prompted to select the reason for their visit.
an audible cue will let them know their scan has been accepted.
reports are auto-generated to better inform how the service was used and aggregate the number of visitors.





















scanalist has come a long way since its inception as a digital attendance tool for situations where traditional student rosters were unavailable. now, it's a comprehensive solution that can transform the way your intervention and mtss teams operate.
highlights

summarize a student's engagement in various social-emotional and tutoring services.
monitor historical course grades, course rigor, gpa, and attendance.
synthesize club and enrichment participation data.
access parent contact information.
efficiently schedule meetings and log participation.
easily send one-click prepopulated emails or invites.
organize students by interventionist, case manager, or service provider.
streamline intervention logging.









everyone who is tasked with announcing graduate names is worried of mispronouncing the names of their esteemed graduates. it has happened to all of us as we look down on the student's name card and cannot decipher the correct pronunciation. the larger the school, the more likely this will happen. let's try to eliminate some of the guesswork. how about we have the graduate call a phone number and be prompted to enter their student id and then record their first and last name which will allow the announcer to wear a bluetooth earpiece and hear the proper pronunciation of the graduate's name ahead of reading their name aloud.
highlights

school simply imports their list of graduates and shares the phone number for students to call to access grad recorder
students populate their name pronunciation by phone
name pronunciation is accessible via mobile-friendly site
student names can be heard discretely during the graduation ceremony via a bluetooth earpiece




















purchup is the complete tool to administer student fees and collection of money in schools. with its accurate reporting tool, keeping track of accounts and purchases can be completed in seconds.
highlights

online invoicing and payment
80% reduction in the workload of collecting money
transactions are searchable
historical reports by date span
etickets
point-and-click fee generator
turbo checkout
multi-level user access










lookup was developed to provide school administrators, counselors, deans, intervention specialists, clerks and others customized access to everyday tasks. with 1 or 2 clicks, a user can interact with a student's list of teachers, schedule events by bell schedule, and identify patterns pertinent to the efficient operation of a school.
highlights

dynamic bell schedule
single-click, pre-populated emails
observation scheduler
accessible parent info
point-and-click ap exam fee generator
customized lists
actionable at-risk report
department summary
fast























mobile id can be kept up to date more efficiently, and can also be used as a communication tool to send out school-wide or grade specific messages. use it for the following:
highlights

directory to interact with teachers and staff
school maps
easy-access to calendar events
voting or surveys
admittance to a paid event
sharing linked resources










lockerport assists a school in assigning student lockers during homeroom and sends the preset combination via text message to students.
highlights

track locker partners and locations
send locker combination via sms
hide combination to all users except assigned student
assign combination series by cycle
pre-populate locker locations by division
access historical reports




















useful for primary grades or church school, lesson tune allows a user to easily import music with lyrics and align a script to a lesson. no need to fumble through multiple resources as lesson tune aligns your script, props, and music on a single screen.
highlights

add/edit/change order of script
lesson specific tune playlists
always-on function eliminates screens going to sleep
single-screen lesson delivery
printable lesson and lyric pages
mobile friendly








testimonials--what our schools say




"the many tools created have been nothing short of incredible. they have streamlined many processes, boosted productivity and provided a user friendly experience that everyone appreciates. the impact on our efficiency and overall performance has been remarkable."
rickey f. harris, principal of whitney m. young magnet high school






"our school would not be one of the top schools in the country, if we were not able to use tools such as lookup, mobile id, and purchup.  these tools improved our ability to effectively communicate with a variety of stakeholders - most importantly our students!"
joyce k, former principal at whitney m. young magnet high school






"my primary use for lookup is to keep track of faculty and staff absences, field trips, conferences, substitute coverage and classroom availability. i honestly don't know how i'd function without lookup."
rabashia w, payroll clerk at whitney young magnet high school








frequently asked questions




                    what is officeport?
                



                    officeport is a suite of administrative tools designed to help schools manage various tasks efficiently, including student tracking, event management, and more.
                





                    does officeport provide custom project services?
                



                    yes, we provide customized solutions and will collaborate with you to streamline processes and create an effective solution.
                







contact us


name



email



message







clear
send











© 2024 officeport. all rights reserved.









 