

 
medical marijuana procon.org - should marijuana be a medical option now?


 
 




 


medical marijuana procon.org
a public service of procon.org, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit











home  about us methodology  credibility  glossary  terms of use contact us procon home 









  





 should marijuana be a medical option now?







 this site presents in a simple (see), nonpartisan pro-con format, responses to the core question "should marijuana be a medical option now?" we have divided questions about the topic into the issues and sub-issues listed below.  all individuals and organizations quoted on our site are ranked based upon our unique credibility scale.


[note: although physicians and attorneys are listed on this site, we do not recommend or refer either.]


qq39bet adalah situs judi slot online terbaik 2022.
link to us




   k e

            yr e s o u r c e s m e d i c a lm a r i j u a n ai s s u e s      



pros and cons          - read the top 10 main arguments in minutes 





summary - brief summary of the medical marijuana debate 

 


deaths from marijuana v. 17 fda-approved drugs -- data obtained from the fda through the freedom of information act. includes deaths from marinol, vioxx, viagra, ritalin, and others.








did you know? -- little-known

                        facts in the medical marijuana debate


 


votes and polls -- results of 80 state and national votes, polls and surveys on medical marijuana


 


history of medical marijuana -- covering over 4,700 years and five continents


  

peer-reviewed scientific studies -- double-blind, human, and animal studies involving cannabis from 1990 to 2005 

 


gonzales v. raich -- details on the medical marijuana case in the u.s. supreme court, in which the court ruled 6-3 against medical marijuana proponents 





state laws - summary of active state medical marijuana laws 



 index of site's questionsinteractive guide to the nearly 200 questions on the site  
   

people & organizationssee which people and organizations are pro or con the medical use of marijuana.  
 site sourcessee which individuals and organizations are sourced on this site, along with their medical marijuana position. 
 readers' commentssee what readers of this site have written regarding medical marijuana. 



what do you think? opinions, comments, suggestions, criticisms?

  







medical value



medical value
 
american medical assoc. (ama) 
 
marinol v. medical marijuana

diseases / conditions 



aids (hiv) & aids wasting 
 
alzheimer's disease 
 
appetite / nausea 
 
arthritis 
 
asthma / breathing disorders 
 
chemotherapy 

crohn's / gastrointestinal disorders 
 
epilepsy / seizures
 
glaucoma
 
hepatitis c
 
migraines
 
multiple sclerosis / muscular dystrophy
 
pain / analgesia
 
psychological conditions 
 
terminally ill 



non-smoked marijuana 

 medical value & risk

public policy 

 
public policy on medical marijuana 




risks

 
medical risks 
 
teens & adolescents
 
gateway / stepping stone 
 
addictiveness 
 
human reproduction 

u.s. govt. & medical marijuana 

 
u.s. 1999 iom report
 
the 7 legal u.s. med. mj patients 
 
drug enforcement admin. (dea) 
 
food & drug admin. (fda) 
 
federal drug scheduling 

access to medical marijuana

 
clubs / clinics 
 
dosage / potency 
 
patients 

legal issues 


 
legal issues for physicians
 
u.s. govt. v. patients / clinics 
 
general legal issues 

chemical composition of marijuana 

 
marijuana and its byproducts defined
 
biological effects of marijuana consumption




m e d i c a l m a r i j u a n a n e w s a n d n o t i c e s 




2/2/07 - our pharmaceutical drugs based on cannabis resource page has been updated to include the newest drugs and indications and the most recent approval status. 
1/30/07 - our comprehensive search engine (top right on the homepage) allows visitors to quickly find a word or phrase on the medical marijuana procon.org website.  the search function at www.procon.org allows visitors to simultaneously search all procon.org websites.

1/8/07 - euthanasia procon.org, our newest website, was launched today.  it features nearly 600 pro, con, and general reference arguments in 80 questions.  visit the site today and decide for yourself:  "should euthanasia be legal?"
archived news and notices (generally archived after 30 days)









m o r er e s o u r c e s


drug testingsee a comparison of testing methods for marijuana

            use.


gonzales v. raichdetails the 2005 u.s. supreme court case that ruled 6-3 against medical marijuana proponents.

drug

                  rescheduling criteriaoutlines the government's five-step process to change marijuana from a schedule i drug into a schedule that allows physicians to prescribe it.  includes a link to the currently pending petition to reschedule marijuana.
 
  
 
  
  










home
 about us
methodology

credibility
 glossary

terms of use
contact us
procon home










  




