











custom home builders vancouver | home renovations & design builder






































































































 





















skip to content


listen to our newest podcast episodes!
podcasts
 



homebuilders association vancouver


directory aboutwho we aremeet the team board of directors committees and councils  what we docharities supported news newsletters code of ethics  contactgeneral media issues   homeownerspodcast: measure twice cut once homebuilding master sessions high performance homes home design & reno show design build blogkitchen renovation vancouver interior designer vancouver  industry resources coats for kids  advocacybringing it home housing supply purpose and structure reports and studies ceo mmb blog bc energy step code building standards gr wins gru newsletter covid-19covid-19 resources covid-19 policy for events & meetings   educationelearn in-class/online courses builder licensing continuing education havan high-performance homebuilder masterclass series builders’ blogthe alberni tower by kengo kuma  integrated design process renomark  membershipbenefits of joining eventsupcoming events legends of housing buildex havan awards gala builders expo  havan360havan360 benefits plan mental health resources  highlightsindustry awards honorary members havan heroes spotlights  marketingaffinity program sponsorships advertise with us  photo gallery faq members only page member login  awards careersfind a career lets build a career  
 


 
loginjoin us





directory aboutwho we aremeet the team board of directors committees and councils  what we docharities supported news newsletters code of ethics  contactgeneral media issues   homeownerspodcast: measure twice cut once homebuilding master sessions high performance homes home design & reno show design build blogkitchen renovation vancouver interior designer vancouver  industry resources coats for kids  advocacybringing it home housing supply purpose and structure reports and studies ceo mmb blog bc energy step code building standards gr wins gru newsletter covid-19covid-19 resources covid-19 policy for events & meetings   educationelearn in-class/online courses builder licensing continuing education havan high-performance homebuilder masterclass series builders’ blogthe alberni tower by kengo kuma  integrated design process renomark  membershipbenefits of joining eventsupcoming events legends of housing buildex havan awards gala builders expo  havan360havan360 benefits plan mental health resources  highlightsindustry awards honorary members havan heroes spotlights  marketingaffinity program sponsorships advertise with us  photo gallery faq members only page member login  awards careersfind a career lets build a career  







builder: twin lions contracting ltd. with ew architecture inc.
photo credit: martin knowles photo/media
connecting consumers toaward winnersconnecting homeowners tobuildersmembers in photo: babak nikraftar (condoworks) and nick bray (nick bray architecture)connecting homeowners torenovatorsmembers in photo: henri belisle (tq construction), silvie pantsios (designs by katerina & silvie), babak nikraftar (project mint developments)connecting consumers toproducts / servicesmembers in photo: katerina vastardis & silvie pantsios (designs by katerina & silvie)ready to build / buy / renovate?


check out our comprehensive online member directory, featuring 1,100+ home building professionals including builders, renovators, products and professional services. our members build the homes where people want to live.










builders










renovators










products/services


who we arewe are havan, the homebuilders association vancouver, over eleven hundred members strong. recognized as leaders in the homebuilding industry since 1974, our members include builders, developers, renovators, designers, suppliers, sub-trades and leading professionals. we are an association of knowledgeable, trusted, resourceful and local professionals who build over 65% of metro vancouver’s homes.
 
havan provides both industry and consumer education, opportunities to connect, and actively liaises with local municipal governments with the focus of meeting metro vancouver’s housing needs.  a not-for-profit association, havan is proudly affiliated with both the provincial chba bc, and national chba offices.
 














advertise with us!


educationin-class and online


havan offers informal industry education to keep up-to-date with the changing industry standards. all courses are cpd approved.


read morenewshavan speaks


havan advocates for policy that is transparent, predictable and accountable, to deliver an efficient supply of housing to metro vancouver.


read morehavan awardsyour local building awards


recognizing excellence
in new-home construction, renovation and design in metro vancouver


read morejoin us


havan attracts the industry’s best. connecting members with industry and homeowners, offering education and advocacy to help our member companies and communities thrive, havan is the industry’s trusted resource, since 1974.
all across metro vancouver, our network sets the standards and provides the assurance of work done right for the benefit of homeowners and communities. consumers turn to havan to source local builders, renovators, products and services to build their homes, helping shape the communities where people want to live. members chose to join havan to connect, educate, advocate and lead.
a not-for-profit association, havan is canada’s second largest, fastest growing home builder association, and proudly affiliated with both the provincial chba bc, and national chba offices. together, we can build excellence.


find out moreupcoming eventsnetworking & education





      no posts found.    




more networking & education events











































 





join the homebuilders association vancouver 


become a member 









consumer linksfind a builderfind a renovatorfind products/serviceseventsabout uspodcastmember linksmembershipindustry educationeventsmembers onlymember loginnewsletterscontact info t: 778-565-4288
f: 778-565-4289
#1011 – 7445 132 street,
surrey, bc v3w 1j8
canada
contact us
privacy policy

proudly affiliated with 

 
 











facebook twitter pinterest houzz flickr youtube linkedin instagram podcast social footer links


copyright © 2022 homebuilders association vancouver. all rights reserved.
serving all 21 municipalities in metro vancouver: vancouver, west vancouver, bowen island, lions bay, north vancouver (city and district), richmond, burnaby, new westminster, coquitlam, port moody, port coquitlam, anmore, belcarra, surrey, delta, white rock, tsawwassen first nations, langley (city and township), maple ridge, pitt meadows.
website by red rocket creative strategies

slider images credit: project mint developments, nick bray architecture, tq construction, designs by katerina & silvie








we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






								functional							


functional
 


functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







								performance							


performance
 


performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







								analytics							


analytics
 


analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







								advertisement							


advertisement
 


advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







								others							


others
 


other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept












 































