




oracle health
































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


solutions


clinical applications
clinical and financial operations
population health
consumer experience
services and support






segments


providers
private healthcare
public health
life sciences




healthcare products
what’s new
business insights

















industries












oracle health—reimagine the future of health
connected technologies and unified data empower individuals and enable the health ecosystem to accelerate innovation and influence health outcomes. oracle health is building an open healthcare platform with intelligent tools for data-driven, human-centric healthcare experiences to connect consumers, healthcare providers, payers, and public health and life sciences organizations.

contact oracle health







watch the video: oracle strives to improve healthcare for all (1:56)
















how oracle health can help
see what's new with oracle health





improve health globally
with the largest global ehr market share, we are able to bring data together to enable clinicians, patients, and researchers to take meaningful action, advance health, and work to improve outcomes worldwide.




streamline operations
rated the largest revenue cycle management (rcm) leader by idc marketscape, we provide timely, predictive, and actionable health insights to automate processes, optimize resources, and drive efficiencies.




unleash innovation
accelerate innovation, benefit from flexible infrastructure and platform resources, and drive clinical intelligence through our open, extensible ecosystem of partners and technologies.













oracle health products




clinical applications




clinical suite
help improve the quality of care and the patient experience while enhancing clinical and operational efficiency with oracle health’s clinical suite. our solutions help care teams across the continuum document and access critical patient data, refine workflows, and support patient safety initiatives.


continuum of care
help your patients achieve the best possible health outcomes by coordinating, managing, and delivering high-quality care across the continuum—from rehabilitation, home health, and long-term care to behavioral health. our continuum of care solutions help clinicians find the right venue for patients to get the continued care they need while enabling the exchange of information during transitions of care.




service lines and departments
organize care delivery around your service lines to help drive revenue, improve quality, and reduce costs. our service lines and departments portfolio of clinical solutions can help you provide knowledge-driven care—informed by electronic patient health records and unique workflows that support service lines and departments throughout the care continuum.




interoperability
facilitate the flow of patient data across provider, vendor, geographical, and technological boundaries with interoperable systems. provide practitioners with access to a holistic view of each patient’s record—and with it, the potential to coordinate care across health systems, make more-informed care decisions, and gain operational efficiencies.



clinical and financial operations


clinical operationstransform your clinical operations by empowering your clinicians with real-time health system tools and techniques that help them overcome today’s challenges and provide high-quality care. a real-time health system strategy helps your organization achieve predictable excellence in clinical, operational, and financial outcomes by using near real-time data from many sources.



revenue cycleclinically driven and patient-focused—that’s the foundation of oracle health’s revenue cycle management solutions. a clinically driven revenue cycle takes information captured by clinicians during care and uses it to drive financial outcomes.




reporting and analyticstransform your organization’s data into usable, actionable information with oracle’s healthcare analytics solutions. realize the true value of your data by helping executives, clinicians, analysts, and staff spend less time searching for and preparing data and more time acting on it.







population health




population health
move beyond individual care. with our population health solutions, you can expand your organization’s care focus by magnifying efforts across entire populations and emphasizing chronic condition management and prevention. we can help you provide coordinated care beyond the hospital to promote healthier populations.







consumer experience




consumer experience
meet rising consumer expectations and place the person at the center of their healthcare journey with oracle health’s consumer experience solutions, which include digital front door and virtual care capabilities.







services and support




security
maintain a strong security posture for your enterprise with data security solutions that help you manage clinical identity, regulatory compliance, and security auditing and maintain business continuity, even during downtimes.




services
oracle health’s professional services provide in-depth analytics to help determine appropriate performance improvement plans, outline governance, and increase clinician satisfaction and efficiency in the ehr.




regulatory
constantly changing federal and state regulations create complex challenges for many us healthcare providers. through our regulatory compliance and regulatory consulting services, we can help your organization stay current with regulatory programs, create a regulatory steering committee, and track performance.







enterprise solutions




healthcare erp—finance and operations
gain a single view of financial data across your health delivery system. plan more effectively, reduce the cost of care, and build a more responsive supply chain. implement new business models, such as value-based healthcare, more easily and adapt faster when your business environment changes.

healthcare cloud infrastructure
oracle cloud infrastructure (oci) is built to run every healthcare workload—from legacy application systems to data science–driven and modern machine learning–enabled services—to help deliver more-informed care choices and an enhanced, patient-focused healthcare experience.




healthcare human capital management (hcm)
create an employee experience that reflects your values, promotes diversity, equity, and inclusion, and helps clinical and nonclinical staff grow in their careers.


netsuite for healthcare and life sciences
netsuite's cloud-based business management suite, used by more than 34,000 customers, enables healthcare and life sciences organizations to improve visibility, minimize complexity, and remain agile in the face of massive change.




customer experience
deliver personalized experiences across digital marketing channels to interact with patients when, where, and how they prefer, helping them stay engaged in their health.















people and organizations we serve





providers
private healthcare
public health
life sciences
















improve healthcare experiences
improve care decisions, support whole-person care, and promote better experiences for patients, clinicians, and staff with intuitive, intelligent provider solutions.
learn how oracle helps provider organizations















simplify billing processes
streamline policy administration, personalize member experiences, help drive billing accuracy, and speed up claims processing with a complete core administration platform for payers.
learn about oracle and private healthcare















promote healthier populations
use technology to generate scalable, global insights to advance population health initiatives, promote healthy lifestyles, and address factors that can cause diseases.
learn how oracle helps public health organizations















accelerate breakthrough clinical research
unify data from clinical trials, streamline and automate safety case management, and strengthen business operations with solutions designed to support life sciences innovation and research.
learn how oracle helps life sciences organizations

















our ai-powered oracle health clinical ai agent (formerly oracle health clinical digital assistant) transforms interactions between practitioners and patients.


learn more about oracle health clinical ai agent













see how healthcare organizations partner with oracle

see all customer stories


























































 








 







  
 








learn more about regulatory and onc health it certifications.


certified health it


regulatory statement












how oracle health can help solve your business problems

health—business insights
connect and modernize healthcare
watch oracle health inside access webcast highlights
perspectives on health and tech podcast
idc marketscape named oracle a leader in value-based health analytics
idc marketscape named oracle a leader in the 2023–2024 us ehr vendor assessment
podcast—keeping up with the no surprises act: good-faith estimates for self-pay patients







     “we’re absolutely committed to the mission, and we have a lot of help from a lot of partners who are just as committed as we are.” larry ellison, chairman and cto, oracle     




partnering to transform health




reinventing healthcare—from access to outcomes
accenture and oracle are working together to transform healthcare into a modern, connected health ecosystem, helping support improved access through a holistic, human-centric experience with the goal of driving better outcomes for all.


explore more about accenture





establishing a modern operating system for healthcare
deloitte and oracle bring the experience and technology that will help connect the healthcare ecosystem and create a modern, human-centric health operating system, which can lead to healthier, happier, and more productive communities.


explore more about deloitte













get started with oracle health





contact oracle health


talk to a team member about oracle solutions for healthcare.

contact oracle health today






contact support


customers can contact our support team 24/7 for help.


contact us for help



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























