






lrp media group



















































home


about us


careers


contact us


news


shop lrp






























































































previous



next
























unparalleled training and professional development that educators and federal practitioners have relied on for over 45 years


lrp media group is the education and federal communities’ most trusted source for practical and legal compliance guidance. from online resources and in-person training opportunities, to books and newsletters, lrp continues to provide go-to essentials for educators and federal practitioners to address their daily challenges. and just as the law continually evolves, so do our products through the use of technology — to ensure that our customers are getting the knowledge, tools and practical guidance they need in the format they want.








special education & esea law training resources







lrp’s national institute — the trusted source for special educators for more than four decades, the conference provides the highest-quality professional development possible so that educators have the tools and resources needed to make an impact in the lives of their students, special education programs and communities. 

www.lrpinstitute.com









specialedconnection ®
 — no matter the special education challenge, this unique online resource delivers step-by-step guidance, model policies, staff training tools, state-specific data and more. it’s the only resource special education directors and other administrators need to gain clarity on legal requirements under the idea, ferpa, section 504 and other laws, with mandates transformed into how-to-do-it guidance for addressing behavior and discipline, mtss/pbis, transition services, early childhood, ieps, bips, and more. 

www.specialedconnection.com









directstep ®
 — developed for school and district staff, these online training courses merge legal and regulatory expertise with real-world application strategies, relating education law to the day-to-day world of teaching and learning. engaging and interactive, courses explain legal requirements under the idea, section 504 and other laws plus detail best practices for behavior management, ieps, autism and more critical issues. 

www.lrpdirectstep.com











lrp’s education webinars — lrp’s education webinars provide timely training on the current issues you face at your district, school and office. expert presenters ensure you get top-quality and authoritative guidance on virtual instruction, idea, child find, ieps and much more. each webinar, complete with time for q&a, is designed to answer all your questions and provide guidance to keep your district, school or clients compliant. 

www.lrpeducationwebinars.com









esea now — all-in-one, objective hub that delivers everything you and your staff need to know about esea/essa. updates on title i policy developments, professional development tools plus research-based practices guide you in meeting the needs of homeless students, english learners, migratory students and other student groups and help you target funding and staff activities in ways that drive student success. 

www.eseanow.com 








lrp publishes thousands of books, pamphlets, electronic newsletters and webinar recordings, specializing in education administration and education law training and professional development.

www.shoplrp.com/education-homepage









federal employment law training resources







fdr training — the preferred annual training for federal practitioners, with more than 60 sessions and workshops exploring the latest regulations and best practices to resolve alternative dispute resolution, equal employment opportunity, employee relations, human resources and labor relations challenges. featuring unique, interactive town hall conversations with leaders of major federal dispute resolution agencies: eeoc, flra, fmcs, mspb, opm and osc. 

www.fdrtraining.com









cyberfeds®
 — the online resource thousands of federal hr professionals say they couldn’t do their job without! cyberfeds keeps you up to date on all critical federal employment issues, plus gives you practical guidance you can put to use immediately — straight from the nation's most recognized federal employment law experts. it’s the authoritative, all-in-one, objective hub for today's federal civil service law professional. 

www.cyberfeds.com









lrp’s federal webinars — lrp’s federal webinars provide timely training on the current compliance issues you face in today’s federal workplace. expert presenters ensure you get top-quality and authoritative guidance on civil service reform, hr, er, lr, eeo and legal issues. each webinar, complete with time for q&a, is designed to answer all your questions and provide guidance to keep your agency compliant and running efficiently.

www.lrpfederalwebinars.com









manager advantage — build federal managers’ professional capacity and give them access to just-in-time training tools to address day-to-day challenges. manager advantage can help your agency avoid errors that lead to costly litigation by equipping managers and supervisors with best practices, scenario-based videos and other tools covering more than 100 workplace topics. 

www.manageradvantage.com








the 
federal personnel guide on the web
is the only online employee handbook of its kind! updated regularly, the
guide on the web
 provides easy, searchable access to guidance on what is expected of federal employees and what they are entitled to — all in one reliable resource. 

www.fedguide.com








lrp publishes thousands of books, pamphlets, electronic newsletters and webinar recordings, specializing in federal employment law training and professional development. 

www.shoplrp.com/federal-homepage 















lrp media group headquarters:

360 hiatt drive palm beach gardens, fl 33418 

561-622-6520



custserve@lrp.com





  

  

  






200 dryden road  suite 3500 dresher, pa 19025 














home
about us
careers
contact us
news
shop lrp
sitemap




 © 2025 lrp media group. all rights reserved. |  privacy & cookie policy























