



book a hotel for a family holiday or business trip | novotel  














































































skip to main content



    this site requires javascript for full functionality. please enable the javascript in your browser.







novotel menu destinationsbackeuropeasiamiddle eastnorth americasouth americapacificour top destinationslombokbangkokphukethanoiseoulsee all destinations offers inspirationsbackfamilymake every family moment precious at novotel. we'll take good care of you all as you're creating memories that last.wellnesstake all the time you need to recharge, calm your senses and reconnect with those who matter to you.businessconcentrate on the essentials of your meeting or event while our dedicated novotel ambassadors ensure its success. loyalty the novotel experiencemore  fr français frbackcurrency euro (€)backall: accor live limitless - homeloading... my account & rewards




















 error (s)













core booking engine
you’ll be redirected to accor
                            website to view available hotels and book your stay

 close window










 error (s)






                                where do you want to travel?
                            














booking dates








        rooms & guests
    

        1 room(s) - 1 guest(s)
    



room 1
room 1



                adult(s)
            




- remove an adult




+add an adult






                child(ren)
            




- remove a child




+add a child









delete






 add a room











 special rates
            










 search






                    where do you want to travel?
                



















































novotel resorts

discover the perfect novotel resort for your next holiday. from incredible lagoon pools to tennis courts and more, you're sure to create lasting memories at your chosen destination.



discover more




come for the game. stay for the night

get ready for an unprecedented experience with la suite novotel by all.com: the first-ever permanent hotel room inside a european football stadium.



find out more






previous slide


1 / 2



next slide









pause



play





                    1
                

                    2
                









escape with novotel at the best price 

        
        
          discover the best hotels with novotel
          
        
      

choose from novotel hotels and resorts in over 300 destinations around the world



              discover more
              



































                        novotel phuket kamala beach
                    


discover this slice of paradise next to the white sands of kamala bay, with uninterrupted views of the andaman sea.




























                        novotel singapore on stevens
                    


a lush urban paradise , offering tranquil, modern and eco-friendly rooms and amenities.




























                        novotel lombok resort & villas
                    


spacious, with contemporary sasak design, located on a pristine beach, surrounded by lush tropical gardens.




























                        novotel phu quoc resort
                    


a spectacular beachfront location, offering luxurious room and bungalows with private pools. 















your novotel

        
        
          enjoy it all with novotel
          
        
      

intuitive stays in destination hotels 


































                        family
                    



                        time spent with loved ones is time well spent, so make every moment matter and create memories with your family.
                    




























                        wellness
                    



                        take time to rest and relax. when you’re on top of your game, your business and personal lives thrive too.
                    




























                        business
                    



                        blend business and leisure for a flawless stay – and when work’s done, it’s time to bond with family or friends.
                    


































the world of novotel

take your pick of distinctive novotel experiences and enjoy cherished moments in unforgettable locations. in your own time, make space for the essentials of life at our hotels, resorts, suites and residences in sought-after destinations across the world.




                                read more
                            












top destination picks

        
        
          over 300 destinations around the world
          
        
      

discover incredible destinations with novotel 



              discover more
              











































                        bangkok
                    





























                        lombok
                    





























                        london
                    





























                        seoul
                    





























                        phuket
                    





























                        sydney
                    





























                        dubai
                    





























                        hanoi
                    


















ideas & trends

        
        
          the great escape magazine
          
        
      

novotel takes you on a journey to travel inspirations, culinary discoveries, wellness experiences and not-to-be missed events.



              discover all articles 
              





































                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    pack light, pack right: a guide to sustainable travel
                                
                            
                        
                    
                

eco-friendly packing tips to lower your carbon footprint and enhance your travel experience



                        discover
                        
discover



































                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    novotel and all introduce a groundbreaking football experience at parc des princes
                                
                            
                        
                    
                

la suite novotel by all.com showcases a unique partnership by offering a winning combination of comfort and exclusive access to  thrilling football events. 



                        discover
                        
discover





























                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    novotel playlists are now available on spotify
                                
                            
                        
                    
                

enjoy a sensory experience with novotel playlists, to enhance your stay or be enjoyed at home.



                        discover
                        
discover





























                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    reflect, recharge and relax with the novotel podcast, sleepovers at novotel
                                
                            
                        
                    
                

switch off and listen to unique stories, centred around living well. 



                        discover
                        
discover





























                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    the evolution of corporate travel in 2024 and beyond
                                
                            
                        
                    
                

corporate travel is evolving into a more balanced, sustainable, and enriching experience. trends like bleisure, wellness integration, ai-driven personalization, and eco-conscious practices are transforming how professionals travel in 2024 and beyond.



                        discover
                        
discover

























loyalty program
become a member of the loyalty program all and get a discount in more than 3,000 hotels starting with your first reservation.






become a member






























        sleep the novotel way
    

        novotel store
       	
     

recreate the perfect night's sleep at home. we'll deliver your supremely comfortable live n'dream bed, pillow and duvet right to your door.




order from the novotel store












join us on instagram

@novotelhotels





follow us










amplify your life with all
				





save every time



rewards made simple



travel in vip style



live the unforgettable






become a member


































