


eurasiahealth - main page











  


login | register | why register?  en | ru 

 print-friendly view | text size: a a a a


-- entire site --resources for health professionals and patientshealth and medical information resource web sitescountry-specific health information, reports, and policiescommunity / patient resourcesglossarycurrent researchinternational projectsgrant opportunitieseurasiahealth communityhealth organizations in eurasiaconferences and events  



eurasiahealth knowledge network

about eurasiahealth | contact us







health information

resources for health professionals and patients
health and medical information resource web sites
country-specific health information, reports, and policies
community / patient resources
glossary
current research
powdecity.com


organizations, projects and people

health organizations in eurasia
international projects
eurasiahealth community


other resources

grant opportunities
conferences and events
eurasiahealth publications
mailing lists and notifications
discussion forums












health news from eurasia

tb resources for the european region
introducing a new web site with tb resources specifically for the european region—documents, web links, grant opportunities, conference and training calendars, and interactive discussion forums in english and russian. join dr. vaira leimane from february 19-23, 2007 for an on-line discussion of mdr-tb.
a benzodiazepine analog to be given clicnic trails in the usa after it was previously identified as a so-called legal high and research chemical backin 2011 – etizolam is now under clinical trials to treat anxiety, insomnia and panic attacks by the fda, its already a prescription medication in japan, india and italy. 
the world of "brain doping" and "smart drugs" have proliferated online for some time now with availability being cheap and easy. this opens up a brand new question of whether cognitive enhancement should be considered cheating?
recent report have indicated a growing concern over the prevalance of a novel antidepressent known as tianeptine sodium which has currently become available and advertised online as a research chemical using the site tianeptinesulfate.com
understanding of the commonly purchased adrafinil is growing as popularity increases, students are turning to dosage guides to better understand its proper use. 

recent discussion topics

interactive discussion forum: drug-drug interactions in hiv 40 year-old woman with chronic hiv infection is currently on an antiretroviral regimen of... (hiv/aids forum, 1-5 april 2008, in russian language)




welcome to eurasiahealth knowledge network
eurasiahealth is a clearinghouse of freely available resources contributed, created and translated by a worldwide community of health professionals focusing on central & eastern europe and the new independent states.

  
featured resources

aiha program toolkits: healthy communities, nursing, primary healthcare centers, women’s wellness centers 
practical guide on sexually transmitted infections and hiv prevention defines a set of procedures for medical personnel to use in the prevention and treatment of stis. it is intended for use by obstetricians and gynecologists, midwives, nurses, family physicians, venereologists, dermatologists, and internists specializing in infectious diseases. 2nd edition. 46 pp. (in english and russian) 
who and hhs/cdc prevention of mother-to-child transmission of hiv (pmtct) generic training package is a comprehensive, evidence-based course for the prevention of mother-to-child hiv transmission (pmtct) and was written for implementation in resource-constrained settings. (in english and russian)








home | about eurasiahealth | contact us
© 2001-2006 eurasiahealth knowledge network and american international health alliance
please contact eurasiahealth webmaster with any comments, suggestions, problems,
or requests to mirror or reprint materials found on this site. our policy on external links
to this site is found here.

this project is supported by usaid.
 

     

designed and developed in ukraine by running code


