












abiding in the healing word, healing scriptures, prayer request, faith










mp3 
            audio: 


sold out and strategic 


expect the greater
 



 gem of truth
corona virus 














dan 
              & keiko downey


 




 how i received my healing - 3.3 mb



welcome 
              to "abiding 
              in the healing word!"
if you 
              are sick and tired of being sick and tired, then you've come to 
              the right place! this site is loaded with "good 
              news" that's just for you. no longer do you have to continue 
              through life being oppressed and afflicted by sickness and disease. 
              through the shed blood of the lord jesus christ, health and healing 
              are just waiting for you 
              to lay hold of them by faith! 



throughout 
        the years a primary focus of study has been healing through god's redemptive 
        plan of salvation, and how best to apply it. in the beginning of 1991, 
        i was afflicted with an ailment that caused me great pain and suffering 
        from which the medical profession could find no cure. after seeking the 
        lord for healing and researching the scriptures, the lord graciously revealed 
        to me where i had been missing it. by following the lord's direction of 
        correction in my thinking and believing, i was soon experiencing relief, 
        for i had been healed.
since 
        that time i have shared these wonderful biblical truths with many and 
        have witnessed the same healing power manifest in those who have also 
        acted on the promises of word of god. our heavenly father reminds us that 
        he has established a prescribed method for his children to live upon this 
        earth, and is revealed to us in romans 1:17 " for in it (the gospel, 
        his word) the righteousness of god is revealed from faith to faith; as 
        it is written, "the just shall live by faith." that word "live" 
        doesn't just mean to breathe, it implies a life that is flourishing. who 
        are the just? those who have accepted jesus christ as lord and savior. 
        
now 
        this is the confidence that we have in him, that if we ask anything according 
        to his will, he hears us. and if we know that he hears us, whatever we 
        ask, we know that we have the petitions that we have asked of him. 
1 
        john 5:14-15
the 
        word of god is the will of god. if it's in his word, then it belongs to 
        you. 
take 
        it - it's yours!
    enter our site here!             




site last updated - 8/25/2021
all 
  rights reserved (c) 
  dan downey 2000-2021



 

