





houston downtown management district | downtown houston





















skip to main content
























exploreeventsnavigate 



experience

dining
bars + nightlife
public art
big art. bigger change.
stay
parks
downtown tunnels
neighborhoods
stories


live downtown

housing
residential services
community


do business

research + reports
investment map
dth+ incentive programs
become a chi member
office
hospitality
procurement + rfp
downtown activity dashboard


about

strategic alignment plan
priority projects
chi
hdmd
dra
programs
staff
resources
newsletters
in the news
contact us
career opportunities









search


























houston downtown management district


board of directorsboard meetingsassessmentsplan & budgetgovernancestakeholder information












    houston downtown management district


    the houston downtown management district has 
facilitated many of the public and private projects that have 
transformed downtown since the district's inception in 1995. 


    about hdmd


    the houston downtown management district (downtown district)
 was formed by an act of the texas legislature in 1995, started operation in 1996, and today, more houston residents as well as visitors see downtown as a place to live, dine, visit, play, enjoy the arts, learn, and work.


    the downtown district is bounded by the freeway ring around 
houston’s urban core, including interstate 10, highway 69 and
 interstate 45. a 30-member
 board of directors guides the investment of  assessments within the district to improve facilities and services, and to accelerate 
improvements for the public's benefit above and beyond the level  local government and volunteer efforts can provide alone.


    our plans


    the strategic alignment plan (sap) is designed to unite three organizations: central houston, inc. (chi), houston downtown management district (hdmd), and downtown redevelopment authority (dra) in the pursuit of a shared vision for downtown:


provide a defined mission for the entities working collectively, and
orchestrate staff efforts through five strategic goals
which will, over time, shape the entities’ respective budgets and work plans.


    it is intended to work within the boundaries of, and not replace or conflict, with hdmd’s 2020 district plan and the dra’s project plan. additionally, the sap proposes metrics to assist in monitoring progress plus a refreshed organizational structure capable of delivering on the expectations set forth in this plan. finally, the experience of crafting the sap together was intended to instill a shared purpose for the three boards and their scores of board members, optimize the use of organizational resources toward the aligned vision, and foster a stronger sense of unity among the staff at chi.


strategic alignment plan

 sap updates (oct 2024) 

2021-2025 service & improvement plan and assessment plan


    annual operations, capital budgets and plans are developed and 
approved by the board. the mission of the plan is to sustain and manage 
downtown, while continuing redevelopment to make it a diverse, 
accessible and perpetually active core of the houston region.


















get in touch

 
1221 mckinney street, suite 4250houston, texas 77010  •  713.650.3022


exploreeventsnavigateexperiencelive downtowndo businessabout 

our boards:

central houston inc
houston downtown management district
downtown redevelopment authority





join ourmailing list
subscribe










© 2025 houston downtown management district.
all rights reserved.


about / contact us / privacy policy










