


ultimate sew and vac







view cart | contact | homesearch machines: search parts:
 

 
sewingmachines | industrialsewingmachines | sewingmachineparts | sewingnotions | vacuumcleaners | vacuumbags | vacuumparts | premiumappliances

 





we are modernizing our website's look and feel!
shop here now and come back on april 6th to see our now website!




this page has moved to:  this page. 








household sewing machines
















industrial sewing machines









 





vacuums and floor cleaners














premium appliances














sewing machine parts














sewing notions














vacuum bags














vacuum cleaner parts

















new feature!  sewvac doctor!




sewvac doctor answers your sewing machine questions.
email the sewvac doctor at sewvacdoctor@sewingandvac.com









knowledge base



sewing machine troubleshooting guide
glossary of sewing machine parts
types of home use sewing machines
selecting a sewing machine
parts of a mechanical sewing machine
sergers are seam finishing machines
what is an industrial sewing machine?
types of industrial sewing machines - lockstitch 
types of industrial sewing machines - beyond lockstitch








special offers




special offer sew n'serge machines
special value vacuum cleaner scratch sale







attention dealers!



problems filling your customers' parts requests?
orders too small? shipping problems?
click here for our partners in parts program!








ordering from us





 call toll free (800)544-5858 to place an order!
 
or order anytime from our secure on-line ordering system.  
major credit cards accepted. please see our convenient return and shipping policy before ordering. 
* ultimate sew and vac is an independent dealer and is not associated with brother, bernina, babylock, elna, janome, viking, or pfaff company. all warranties and guarantees are the responsibility of ultimate sew and vac and not that of the manufacturers listed above.










* see our shipping and return policy for exceptions.



for more information, email us at sales@sewingandvac.com or call toll free at (800) 544-5858. © ultimate sewing and vac, 2003 | legal notice |  privacy and security





