




south padre island is the sand castle capital of the world!


































south padre island - the sandcastle capital of the world - isn't for everyone. thank goodness. but if you enjoy swimming, sandcastle building, windsurfing, fishing, surfing, beach reading, skim-boarding, fine dining, parasailing, happy-houring, bicycling, surfing, water-parking, shelling, bird watching, beach lounging, snorkeling, dancing, souvenir/beach clothing shopping, yoga, kayaking, horseback riding, dolphin-cruising, beach-strolling, go-carting, wave-riding, boogie-boarding, weight-training, kite-boarding, margarita-sipping and more in a tropical environment that is right here in texas and requires no passport or special language skills... well, then south padre island just might be for you!








what's shakin' on south padre island


see amazing sand sculpture all year round on the only "sand sculpture trail"
yes we have a clothing optional beach...
farmers market - every sunday, 11-1 at the shores (956-343-5497)
birdwalks - every sat. & sun. at the spi birding & nature center (spibirding.com)








































please help unlitter south padre island




















south padre island faq



is there a good place to rent bikes on south padre?
where can we see turtle hatchling released?
lost pet?
where do i find info about the gambling ship?
why don't they rake the ugly seaweed off the beach?
can you recommend a good place to stay on spi that is on or near the beach?
where are the best places to eat on spi?
is there a clothing optional beach?
how about clubs?
are there grocery stores on the island?
sharks!?!
we are staying on the bay side - where can we access the beach?
i want to golf!
i'm getting married on spi. help!
i want to live/work on spi - can you give me any leads?
what is the story on renting umbrellas and chairs on the beach?
what is the best way to get around without a car?
what is the best way to prepare for a hurricane?
is south padre island handicapped-friendly?




















