



 

		summer programs for high school, middle & elementary students	


















							2025 summer schedule now open!
					





academic and creative arts programs



(510) 548-6612 

 

 

 
home
login

join our email list 





 

 






specialties


specialties main page 

academic achievement 

performing arts 

leadership 

gifted and talented 

science and engineering 



programs


a+ summer 

a+ summer middle school 

a+ summer high school 

a+ summer pre-college 



a+ summer leadership 

a+ summer science 

anatomy/physiology 4th-6th 

astrophysics 6th - 8th 

astrophysics 9th-12th 

cardiology 6th-8th 

engineering 4th-6th 

genetics 6th - 8th 

marine science 6th-8th 

neuroanatomy 7th-9th 

neuroanatomy 9th-12th 

quantum mechanics 9th - 12th 

robotics 6th-8th 

robotics 9th-12th 



california actors workshop 

middle school actors workshop 

high school actors workshop 



college admission prep camp 

college tours 

california college tour 

east coast college tour 

custom family college tours 



computer programming 

competitive debate 

public forum debate 



competitive speech 

varsity and encore speech 

novice speech 

coach institute (adults) 



emerging writers institute 

emerging writers institute 4th-6th 

emerging writers institute 7th-9th 

emerging writers institute 10th-12th 



english language learners 

mock trial 

mock trial - middle school 

mock trial - high school 



psychology 9th-12th 

public speaking institute 

public speaking institute - elementary school 

public speaking institute - middle school 

public speaking institute - high school 



video production 



locations

college tours
georgetown university
stanford university
uc berkeley
ucla 
online



schedule 

camps: rising 4-5th graders 

camps: rising 6-8th graders 

camps: rising 9-10th graders 

camps: rising 11-12th graders 

adult/graduate programs 



about eu 
blog
why education unlimited?
staff
contact us
client testimonials
download brochures
frequently asked questions
special offers from education unlimited
job opportunities


login

apply now 

online application 

enrollment policies 

cancellation and refund policy 

group discount program 

tuition assistance program 

why education unlimited 

frequently asked questions 

low price guarantee 















◀ ▶ 



academic & creative arts summer camps
public speaking camps, science camps, acting camps, creative writing camps, computer camps, video production camps and more!
request brochure apply now







expert staff
learn from college professors, fulbright scholars, neurobiologists, national debate champions, film professionals, and more. 
request brochure apply now







interactive learning adventures
immersive, single-subject learning prevents summer learning loss and prepares students for high school and college.
request brochure apply now







tradition of excellence
with 30 summers of programs and more than 30,000 campers since we started in 1993, you can feel confident in our team of experienced and committed educators.
request brochure apply now







exceptional campus locations
locations to choose from in california and on the east coast, which has in recent years included uc berkeley, ucla, georgetown university, stanford university and more.
request brochure apply now






 



2025 virtual camp sessions
virtual programs


2025 on campus locations

georgetown university
stanford university
uc berkeley
ucla


  programs by grade
rising 4th-5th gradesrising 6th-8th gradesrising 9th & 10th gradesrising 11th & 12th grades        




now enrolling - virtual programs
   



education unlimited® provides academic summer camps and pre-college summer programs for students entering grades 4 through 12. we offer a variety of educational summer camps and programs at university campuses in california and on the east coast, and we offer on-line camps sessions as well!

what makes education unlimited programs unique?

expert instruction from highly qualified and enthusiastic teachers
small class sizes — teacher-student ratios last summer averaged better than 1 instructor for every 7 students!
exceptional campus locations — programs hosted at top universities have in recent years included uc berkeley, stanford, ucla, caltech, mit, yale, tufts, and georgetown
innovative and experiential curricula — our camps help students excel in the classroom, deepen their interests in extracurricular activities, and develop skills to help them succeed in college and beyond
hands-on projects at all camps emphasize presentation and communication skills and applied learning
responsive and professional year-round administrative staff who have worked for top private schools and universities, school district offices, and more
proven results — more than 9 out of 10 of our end-of-summer past participant and parent surveys have indicated they would recommend the program they attended to others

for 30 years, education unlimited has offered the top academic summer camps and programs, including the best sat prep camps, public speaking programs, and creative arts camps for students looking for fun and educational ways to spend their summers. no matter your student’s interest, education unlimited offers a summer enrichment program that will help them to stave off the “summer slide” and allow them to create memories that will last a lifetime. we provide a variety of stem programs for high school and middle school students, featuring science, engineering, and computer camps. students can tell stories together at our acting camps, or learn about courtroom procedure at mock trial camp. our college admission prep camp helps students improve sat scores and find a "best fit" university. our public speaking institutegives students the opportunity to speak with confidence in their authentic voice. the emerging writers institute provides a fun and interactive environment in which students can write, revise, and share creative writing projects with their friends and families. join us this summer for these programs and more! 
 



 
prominent campus locations



we are continuing to expand our camp sites with new west coast and east coast camp locations! click here for a complete listing of all our camp sites.in-person camp brochures are available for download as pdfs here.
west coast universitieseducation unlimited offers  pre-collegiate summer programs at the best universities in california. in recent years students have been able to attend summer camps at stanford university in the heart of silicon valley. our summer programs at uc berkeley give students the university experience in the oldest university in the university of california system. students interested in a summer experience in sunny southern california can attend our summer programs at ucla, or opt to join our science and engineering summer programs at caltech.east coast universitieswe also provide educational summer program experiences on the east coast in massachusetts, connecticut, and washington, d.c. students can join our stem summer programs at mit, or opt for a new england liberal arts summer experience at tufts university. we offer summer programs at yale university for students interested in the ivy league experience. students can also learn about government and the law with our summer camps at georgetown university. college tour packageswe also welcome students to explore the campuses of several universities with our california college tour or east coast college tour programs. over the course of a week, students visit the campuses of over ten universities, meeting with students and staff who can share their college experiences.









locations


 
program specialty

check the camps page for a summary of all our summer camps, summer programs, and summer study opportunities.

college prepfor 31 years this summer, education unlimited has offered the best test prep programs for high school students planning to attend university. we provide practice exams, essay writing workshops, and personal coaching from college admissions counselors to help students find and attend a “best fit” college. students looking to get a sense of the college experience can attendeducation unlimited pre-college programs at prominent universities. whether they are looking to build the study skills that will be necessary to get ahead at top universities, or to enroll in university summer study courses, or to tour major universities in california or on the east coast, education unlimited offers the best pre-college programs around.

science and computer campseducation unlimited offers the best stem programs for high school students and middle school students who want to learn about science and technology. our students use state of the art tools to explore topics in astronomy, and more. aspiring digital artists can create 3d structures and print them in the physical space, while future computer scientists can practice programming with capable instructors from top universities.

creative artseducation unlimited offers a variety of creative arts programs for students who are interested in taking their creativity to the next level. with our creative writing programs, students write, revise, and share written projects on subjects that are relevant to them. our summer acting programs give students the opportunity to work closely with talented actors and directors to improve their craft. they can learn about cinematography, video editing, and filmmaking from industry professionals with our video production programs.

communication programswe also offer a variety of educational summer programs in communications that cater to a wide range of interests. students can learn to speak confidently in their authentic voice in our public speaking programs, or learn about civil procedure from legal experts in our american legal experience programs. youth leadership programs like a+ summer leadership help students communicate with their peers and persuade others to take on projects together in their communities. education unlimited welcomes students from around the world to join our english immersion courses, where they can learn esl and develop useful study skills in a nurturing environment. summer focus enrichment provides a meaningful, immersive language and culture experience.

writing programsfor young writers who wish to develop their writing and revising skills, education unlimited offers several programs dedicated to the written word. students can practice creative writing in our emerging writers institute, where they will learn about revision, character development, and peer critiques. they can create compelling news content in our journalism program. middle school and high school students can build critical thinking skills and improve their academic writing skills in a+ summer programs.


programs


 
campers say

excellent overall - it is amazing that this camp is always one of our children's favorites, usually preferred to their sports and outdoors camps (which they also like).-james m., public speaking institute parent
the bonds and relationships that i formed with fellow students are going to be ever lasting. this whole experience is one of the most beneficial and rewarding things in my life.-manasi g., a+ summer participant
this place almost forces us to have the best time of our lives.-dylan b., summer focus participant
news and information

eu in the news! read about our camps and programs from newsweek, time, the los angeles times and other publications.

request a brochure or download forms. 
visit our facts at a glance page to learn more about our enrollment policies and procedures.





testimonials



 
 







sign up for our newsletter

















 

 

 

(510) 548-6612 

© 2002 - 2025 education unlimited®, inc., all rights reserved.


site links


home 

about eu 

press kit 

site index 



elementary camps 

contact us 

legal 

job opportunities 










