





index




welcome to



mark's custom kits 
 
   mark's
custom kits has just recently celebrated our 33rd year in business, and i would
personally like to openly thank each and every client we've had in the 30+ years,
that has allowed me to do what i have loved to do since day 1 in 1989. while
i've gotten away from car kits and add-ons, our work has taken us from theme
parks, to cruise lines, to hotels, to museums, and if it wasn't for your trust
in our business, and our firm belief in doing the best we possibly can since
that first day, i still wouldn't be doing this craft. it has allowed me to meet
many interesting clients, meet and sometimes hire skilled craftsmen and
craftswomen, travel to places that i would not have normally gone, and witness
some of the best ideas and projects from behind the magical curtain. i
personally promise to keep doing the top notch work we've been doing all these
years, and with continued blessings, i will be able to continue to do my passion
for many years to come. to each and every one of you who have hired us, thank
you !!!!    your trust has not gone unnoticed and will always be
respected !!
 


marks custom



kits is a multifunctional custom fiberglass design, fabrication, production



& repair company, established in 1989




with a global client base specializing in, but not limited to, the following



creative areas;


custom



    fiberglass design, construction and production

scenic and



    architectural fiberglass fabrication and restoration

scenic,















    theming and specialized painting

fiberglass































    mold creation and production, using the latest silicones, epoxies and































    urethanes

fiberglass































    street signs, directional signs, stop signs and many more

complete































    fiberglass and gelcoat repair capabilities with both mobile and on-site































    services globally

theme and


    amusement park ride vehicle fiberglass fabrication and repair

theme park
    and building facade frp restoration

custom































    promotional vehicle design, fabrication, repair and/or restoration

water slide































    fiberglass repair, recoating and restoration

water































    features repair and restorations

fabrication































    and implementation of customer designs

part































    fabrication from your fiberglass molds    

general































    contractor friendly, allowing you to bid packages with frp elements                                                                                                                                       

licensed,































    insured, and unlimited service areas.

 
           
mark's custom kits is a multi-faceted company whose areas of expertise in custom































fiberglass and composite design and fabrication has been































utilized around the world by both private individuals, dealers, museums, theme































parks and the entertainment industry. if your designs call for something































spectacular,































we will be able to help you in bringing it to reality. this website is extensive,































informative and will help you in both giving you some ideas, as well as show































you what we can do for you. don't see something you need or want to know about, ask !!































            we can do almost anything related to































fiberglass/frp within the scenic, theming, architectural, restorative or































creative areas, and can travel to your site to give evaluations, estimates or look































over an upcoming project.  have an emergency repair? we can give































on-site repair so your exhibit or attraction won't be sidelined any longer than































necessary. are you a traveling carnival or fair and have an emergency ride































repair? no problem. need some fabrication for an upcoming theme park attraction































or exhibit?  call us. we're your "one-stop" shop for the































fiberglass and scenic needs of many venues and scopes.                
           































check out the different sections































below that outline both our services and capabilities. 
click 
on each block in the table































of contents to take you to detailed pages that give more explanation,































examples, and in































some cases, pricing for existing company products.


 









 



about































        us

faux































        texturing

custom































        frp fabrication

scenic















        and specialized painting




                                           











custom































        trans am interior products

 































        custom trans am exterior products

custom































        trans am right hand drive

fiberglass































        production




                                                      







































 





 fiberglass































        signs

cruise















        ship scenic & theming

 theme































        park architectural

waterslide

        inspection




                                                            







































 



theme































        park ride vehicle repair

water































        slide repair & restoration

water































        features repair & restoration

 custom































        promotional vehicle design




                                             
                       











































a car







        topper prop

giving







        new life to the old

giving

        new life to the old- 2

need
        opto/digital displays?




 
 




 
 
 
 



 

 

partial

        client listing

general

        info




 


                   
wso, where do you go
when you need to have fake bamboo panels for a project, and no one has them
because they don't exist? why you make them, of course! 
 its
not that simple because of the fact that bamboo matting is long strips of bamboo
straps, intertwined into itself and it creates an uneven surface. so creating a
new mold is time consuming and hair pulling to get it to lay down and act
properly before the mold is completed. once the mold is done, you can make both
single-sidled panels and/or double sided panels by making 2 panels and attaching
them to each other. and once fabricated, you can theme paint and highlight to
whatever the paint scheme needs to be. so now we have molds to make fiberglass
faux panels for any client that may need them!      tiki hut anyone ?


 











starting



        off with real bamboo mat

locking



        down mat with a gelcoat surface

prepping



        mold for layup

chopping



        a new panel




                                           
 











laying



        down the base color

theming



        out the highlights

ready



        for mounting

mounted



        on walkway handrail




               
                               


                      
   
back in october
of 2015, the schools mascot, the reading bear, which has been an icon for 
many years, got vandalized by two people who never got caught. upon seeing the
damage, i immediately contacted the osceola school district and offered up our
services for free to repair and bring life back to the iconic bear. first time
students have been having their picture taken in front of the statue for over 16
years, and i couldn't let the actions of a few, change the way new students
started their journey into the future. so me and my team started the task of
bringing back shape and look, to the schools lasting mascot....


   
it was our
pleasure to do the work, and administration, teachers, students and parents
alike, all gathered around for the public unveiling of the newly reborn bear.
kissimmee elementary, thank you for the opportunity to allow us to help you in
this time of need... 













a



        starting point; the original look

vandalism



        !

fixing



        up the patient

creating



        shape where there wasn't any left




 











a



        little spit, bubble gum and creativity

bringing



        back the shape and look

getting



        ready for paint

art



        class student input




                                                          










bringing



        the color back to our patient
excited



        crowd gathering for unveiling
waiting



        for the big reveal
the



        bear is back !




 



 
                                          









 


                               

      a gothic rebirth.....
                   

      santa's cosmetic makeover..
        
      art deco theater marquee renovation
 


 
        site































last updated: january 2023
 
 

if you need to































contact us via standard mail or need to stop by, our physical address is:
 
mark's custom































kits inc.
2217 clay st.
kissimmee, fl.































34741
321-697-5445  































office/fax 
321-624-4219  































mobile                                                                                          































or, you can  email us

at:  kittbuilder@cfl.rr.com
 































all material































contained herein, pertaining to text, graphics, content, layout and design are































proprietary to marks custom kits, inc. any use without express written































permission from marks custom kits will be construed as a violation of the































copyright laws of the united states.   all images are of company































products, services and capabilities and do not infringe upon any other entities































or corporations. 

































                          































     































     
 
 
 
 
 


