
christian poetry,devotionals,card poems,church resources


























inspiring others for jesus - through christian poetry



















































 ~quick 
                    links~ *christian 
                    poetry pages* encouragement 
                    poetry jesus/salvation 
                    poetry prayer/healing 
                    poetry guidance/vision 
                    poetry testing/trials 
                    poetry spiritual 
                    warfare poetry faith/trust 
                    poetry refreshment/growth
friendship/love 
                    poetry christian 
                    living poetry bereavement 
                    poetry parent/child 
                    poetry women's 
                    poetry  poem 
                    on child abuse poem 
                    on deafness arise 
                    woman of god becoming 
                    a woman of excellence 
*card 
                    verses* christmas 
                    verses easter 
                    verses birthday 
                    verses kids 
                    birthday verses engagement 
                    verses wedding 
                    verses anniversary 
                    verses sympathy 
                    verses thank 
                    you verses get 
                    well verses friendship 
                    verses baby 
                    verses baby 
                    shower verses housewarming 
                    verses baptism 
                    verses mother's 
                    day verses father's 
                    day verses graduation 
                    verses appreciation 
                    verses encouragement 
                    verses thinking 
                    of you verses missing 
                    you verses church 
                    welcome verses  *special 
                    occasions poetry* wedding 
                    poem baby 
                    dedication poem baptism 
                    poem christmas 
                    poems easter 
                    poems new 
                    year poem communion 
                    poetry mother's 
                    day poem memorial 
                    poem picture poems  scripture 
                    poetry bible 
                    scriptures praying 
                    scriptures  women's 
                    devotionals brief 
                    devotionals children's 
                    devotionals 
*testimonies*
birth 
                    of heavens inspirations a lesson 
                    learnt from job my 
                    lost babies  terms 
                    of use





this free 
            script provided by javascript kit
search heavens 
            inspirations: 
google: yahoo: msn:

this free 
            script provided by javascript kit


christian directories


we spread the 
            word
in his 
            image











christian poetry resource & christian devotionals audio christian poems, christian card verses, christian poems for church newsletters/bulletins, christian devotionals & inspiring stories
on this website, i have a large selection of christian poems in the 
            'christian poetry pages' section on many different topics, to encourage and uplift christians and to hopefully share something of god's love with those yet to come into a relationship with the lord. these poems are also available on mp3's so you can listen to them if you prefer.
i also have available some christian poems, scripture poems & scriptures on beautiful picture backgrounds in the 'picture poems' section. these may be freely downloaded for non-commercial use only.
there is a large selection of 'christian 
            card verses' for many different special occasions, and you are free to use the verses for 
            homemade greeting card making, e-cards, scrapbooks or crafts.
the 'christian church worship songs' section has some of my original christian songs for individuals/church worship leaders to freely download if they want new church worship songs - for adults as well as sunday school/junior church.
the 'inspiring stories' section has some inspirational stories (mostly) with a christian message.
plus a whole lot more!
christian poems, scriptures & online bible study resources
there is also a selection of 'scripture 
            poetry', where you will find christian 
            poetry based on various scriptures.
also, 'women's 
            devotionals' & 'christian poetry to inspire women'.
there is a 'children's 
            devotionals' section with children's devotionals on different 
            topics kids may face. there are also some brief christian devotionals in the 'topic inspirations' section that you may like to read. 'daily 
            inspirations' is a brief devotional that is updated daily.
the 'in god's word' section has a large selection of bible scriptures categorized into many different topics - including christmas & easter.
'praying the scriptures' is a new section which has a selection of bible scriptures worded as prayers categorized by topic.
plus a whole lot more!
christian poetry for special occasions
easter, 
            christmas, 
            new 
            year, communion, 
            baptisms, 
            baby 
            dedications & weddings.
special occasion 
poetry for use in church services, church newsletters/bulletins, card making, scrapbooking or for a special 
occasion.
just click on the site 
index buttons on the left side to go where you want to. at the 
            bottom of the link buttons, there is a 'quick links' box to go 
            directly to different pages. or if you can't find something in 
            particular that you're looking for through the other links, type in 
            what you're looking for in the 'search heavens inspirations' box 
            (below the 'quick links'). this searches within the heavens 
            inspirations site.please read my 'terms 
            of use' page for information about using the poetry, 
            card verses and devotionals on this site.

for 
            the rest, brethren, whatever is true, whatever is worthy of 
            reverence and is honourable and seemly, whatever is just, whatever 
            is pure, whatever is lovely and lovable, whatever is kind and 
            winsome and gracious, if there is any virtue and excellence, if 
            there is anything worthy of praise, think on and weigh and take 
            account of these things [fix your minds on them]. - philippians 4:8 
            (amp)

if you like, you can visit heavens inspirations over on facebook:
 

image created by hisimage.org
 tweet


if you want to visit my church home, click 
            on







all poetry, card verses, devotionals & songs on this site, is the copyright © of m.s.lowndes | heavens inspirations 2003-2025, all rights reserved
this site is hosted at hostek.com  | privacy policy 








