



hands on crafts for kids



















 














 

			home | 
			about us | 
			projects | 
			episode guide | 
			tv | 
			dvds and more | 
			our partners | 
			contact us
 































you 
							can now watch hands on crafts for kids online – 
							right here on the web every day – a new episode 
							starts every friday at noon. visit anytime all week 
							long and watch this episode.   
                              
 
							click here for our schedule of upcoming episodes.








 we make crafting fun with the added bonus 
									that our projects reinforce things learned 
									in school. we feature every day crafts like 
									decorationsfor your space, holidays, and 
									gifts; crafts around the world and other 
									countries , cultures, and habitats; crafting 
									together for groups, camp hands on for 
									outdoor crafts, crafting in the usa, back in 
									time for crafts from history, living things 
									and just crazy and wacky ideas for having 
									fun. 






 
 
									"all kids are creative" and hands on 
									provides projects and ideas for kids 7-12 
									plus parents, teachers, grandparents and 
									group leaders. we want to make crafting a 
									part of everyday life. surround yourself 
									with things you make, and make being 
									creative a part of who you are. 









































 




hands on crafts for kids is the 
				resource for kids craft projects and instructions for kids 6-12 
				and parents, teachers and other group leaders. it includes 
				school and curriculum based projects, multi cultural projects, 
				and every day, holiday and seasonal ideas. it is the online home 
				of the public television program hands on crafts for kids. 


this is episode 1 of 13 that are available for this season.


 
                    






artist
let's take a fresh look at our world. this season, on hands on crafts for kids, host jenny barnett-rohrs, is joined by artists franz spohn and candie cooper. they show how to create crafts from a fresh perspective using clay, paper, glue, glitter, foam, paints, pastels and more.
artists look at the world in new ways. host jenny barnett-rohrs draws the geometric patterns she sees looking at the world from high above. franz spohn has ideas for all the things artists can do besides creating works for a museum. candie cooper introduces us to the art form of yamamoto to create a collage and candie makes a 3-d color wheel.



 
  
						click here to watch this show on vimeo.com.
                            leave us a comment!
 
							mobile users: use the link above to watch.
                            tip: use the "4 corner arrow" button in the video to 
							watch full screen!































 

			home | 
			about us | 
			projects | 
			episode guide | 
			tv | 
			dvds and more | 
			our partners | 
			contact us
 






e-mail 
			questions about hands on crafts for kids to 
			info@craftsforkids.com 
              ?copyright 2017 katherine stull, inc.







  



	ssl certificate







 










