






transforming your brand ideas into innovative retail & promotional products | custom apparel & promotional items

























































skip to content
























menu 
1-866-785-7100about our story our capabilities our showroomretail servicespromotional servicesnewsroomcontactshop now










menu 
1-866-785-7100about our story our capabilities our showroomretail servicespromotional servicesnewsroomcontactshop now








 
















 
creating custom products to promote your brandone-stop shop for all your retail & promotional needs
 


 
private label brandingour team offers full package private label development & retail services


learn more



 


 
concept to productioncreating branded merchandise for our retail partners


learn more



 


 
your brand in‑handextraordinary promotional products


learn more



 


 
shop customvisit our las vegas showroom for thousands of products to promote your brand


learn more



 


 
always in stockour global supplier network and local warehousing ensure reliability


learn more



 

































ignite your brand with custom products















we have built eagle promotions’ portfolio and capabilities to become a true one-stop-shop for our clients.  it starts with an idea, a concept, an event or a brand guide, that ignites our creative process to bring your custom products to life.




















promotional services



so much more than swag bags…our product knowledge, strategic relationships with manufacturers, and sourcing solutions for customers have led us to become one of the largest companies in the u.s. for specialty branded products. 









learn more

 




shop products

 































retail services



our expert retail team works hand-in-hand with iconic brands as well as start-ups to launch and grow successful custom apparel and product collections in worldwide markets. from concept to production, we are committed to exceeding expectations by focusing on market trends, brand development, and innovative treatments to bring our client’s unique retail visions to life. 







learn more






















custom products are what we do























our product knowledge, strategic relationships with manufacturers and sourcing solutions for customers have led us to become one of the largest companies in the u.s. for specialty branded products. our focus is always on quality, but we’re also determined to deliver on time and on budget. our seasoned team of professionals has access to more than 1 million products. providing custom overseas sourcing and manufacturing are a common daily occurrence. we have an experienced staff in our warehousing and fulfillment division and can handle shipping, inventory management, receiving and delivery for orders exceeding 50,000 pieces.



















our in-house graphic artists, merchandising specialists and product development teams provide trend forecasting, custom graphic design and garment development, innovative treatments and embellishments, and domestic and international sourcing to create inspired apparel lines and complete merchandise collections. our team offers full package private label development and retail services, including custom packaging all finishing services and delivery.



















we are a certified minority owned company specializing in custom promotional branded products and retail fashion apparel. as an industry leader, we proudly bring the latest in fashion and promotional trends to our worldwide clientele while offering top of the line customer service.




















our clients

























































































































































































































 
















what can we create with you?
we'd love to provide you with a custom quote & loads of great ideas.




contact us








































1-866-785-7100 











4575 w post rd #100, las vegas, nv 89118 













info@eaglepromotions.com 











additional resources







aboutcareersnewsroomcontactshop nowretail servicespromotional services









connect with us












































© 2017 eagle promotions. all rights reserved.









 















