








what is elearning? - multi-cam












































skip to content










what is elearning?about



search for:









menu








what is elearning?







what is elearning?
modern technology now allows students to do all or most of their academic studies online. students who choose to learn in the comfort of their own home by relying on the internet as a teaching tool are called elearners. e-learning has been becoming more popular in recent years because many people have busy lives that do not allow them to attend traditional institutions of higher learning. there are pros and cons to elearning, which lms.org has reviewed recently in 2015. lets take a look at a few of both.
if you are short on time, then e-learning might be for you. students are free to learn at their own pace as long as the assigned classroom work is completed within the time frame requested by the online instructor. this makes learning online ideal for those who travel for business or those who have busy home and family lives. online learning tends to work best for disciplined students who can commit to put in the time to study without a lot of outside encouragement. most instructors can be reached by email to answer important questions, but students must work well independently to achieve success in an elearning program.
if you are someone who requires a lot of one on one time with an instructor or feels that they may need extra tutoring in school, then you may want to consider a more traditional learning institution. online learning does not offer the same level of help as traditional learning because you do not always have an instructor available to answer questions or clarify instructions. communication with instructors online can be difficult as most messages are sent by e-mail and it is up to the professor when he or she responds to your question. in many cases you may not receive a response within the time frame you need, and might have to look elsewhere for help.

elearning degrees are becoming widely accepted by employers when used to apply for a job. employers today realize that many people are too busy to obtain a traditional college degree, yet still want to better themselves by continuing their education. employers are far more likely to hire a candidate with an elearning degree or certificate from an accredited school than someone with no degree at all. there are even some high schools beginning to offer online diplomas for non traditional students with a great degree of success.
a qualified student advisor from an accredited online learning program can help you understand the programs available and customize one that will work for you. the advisor will assess your goals and help guide you to the elearning program that will best fit into your lifestyle.






>> join our mailing list today


enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
  




















pages

about
what is elearning?

 

 

 




email*  










 





				copyright 2019 - oceanwp theme by nick			









close menu




















