



the norris - seavey odyssey 















































verna’srecipes


the  travel trailer and motorcycle travel adventures ofverna norris and jim seaveyaround the world byairstream travel trailer and bmw motorcycle and sidecar


our airstreamtravel trailersilver twinkie









































life is like a motorcycle ride,you never know what you will find around the next curve in the road.
this year, 2009, is our tenth year of traveling full time.this site is our “scrapbook”. we are constantly updating it as we move down the road. we keep the where we are page updated with our current location and linked to a page with our most recent adventures which are logged in the travelogues pages. the pages in our travels contain detailed information about the places we have visited.  if you’re interested in what we have planned, check the what’s next page.
to see what has changed on the site since your last visit see the what’s new page.
or, if there is something specific that you are interested in, use the google search function to search the norsea odyssey site.
                        


















wwwnorsea odyssey



 






norsea odyssey sitemap
we hope you enjoy reading about our travels as much as we have enjoyed living and documenting them. please send e-mail and let us know how you found our site. if you got the web site name from the sidecar, please tell us where and when you saw us.
we reference specific products and services that we have found of use in our travels. we have no sponsorship agreements, endorsements or arrangements of any sort with any products or services mentioned. we provide information based on our experience with the products and services referenced. your experiences may differ. if you would like to be a sponsor “make us an offer we can’t refuse”!
the menu that appears at the top of each page allows you to access any page on the site at any time. to save time, avoid using the “back” button in your browser and use the menu to navigate to the page of your choice.

note: if you have pop-up window controls in your browser turned on you may not be able to use many of the links in this site. also, java needs to be enabled in order to use the menus.
























site dedication
esther m. pepler 1909-1999
beloved mother, grandmother, great grandmother
“the goalie”





















norsea odyssey: the adventure  travels of verna norris and jim seavey around the world by airstream travel trailer and bmw motorcycles and sidecar 






link to the norsea odyssey web site
if you are interested in exchanging links with us and would like to use the animated norsea odyssey link (above) please contact jim. he will provide the necessary code.
to see links to other sites with adventure motorcycle travel related information, click here.
















if you find typographical errors or have any other problems when looking at the site please contact the webmaster describing the problem and the page involved.









copyright © 2000-2009 jim seavey and verna norris
all rights reserved 







