







halifax community health system - 
































halifax community health system 



home
about us
contact us
 





search





home
about us
contact us
 

recent posts


what is the difference between sports therapy and physiotherapy


4 ways to alleviate back pain


3 reasons to avoid free process simulation software


5 ways millennials are influencing change in the healthcare industry


private jet flights benefits and services




categories

news

travel

uncategorized











what is the difference between sports therapy and physiotherapy

january 8, 2019 by hfchuser·0 comments


musculoskeletal injuries can affect the quality of life-limiting essential functions. yet, they remain to be a common occurrence. the desire for quick recuperation from such injuries has driven us to explore different treatment options. such efforts get propelled with the hopes of getting flash restoration. there are various forms of therapy which can be useful in the management of injuries and pains. sports therapy and physiotherapy are some of the treatment methods that help heal injuries.
what comes to your mind first when you get injured? often depending on the level of exposure, you will want to seek medical attention from a practitioner that will give you quick relief. you will spend a fortune to go for the best services that will increase your quick recovery chances. one frequently asked questions at the casualty department is whether a sports therapy is better than a physio.
the dilemma even extends to prospective students. one may be torn on whether to study sports therapy or physiotherapy. well, the two distinct professions significantly overlap. the treatment outcomes and techniques exhibit many similarities. however, we can explain a few differences that may inform your decision on whom to visit. physiotherapy or sports therapy, do you think one is better than the other? we outline similarities and differences to lead us to a conclusion.
physiotherapy
physiotherapy is one of the healthcare profession recognized by the health and care professions council and practiced the world over. as a medical discipline, healthmax north york physiotherapy helps people affected by injuries and diseases recover. quick recovery is made possible through clear manual therapy, exercise, and advice. furthermore, it helps people of all ages to manage pain and prevent disease. it is one field that has a great potential in transforming lives that have not been fully exploited. skillful education is required for one to practice physiotherapy. during training, one learns how to manage conditions such as respiratory disease and neuro-musculoskeletal conditions.
sports therapy
from the name, many people will think that sports therapy deal with athletes, but this is not always true. sports therapy is one of the healthcare aspects that deal explicitly with the prevention of injuries and rehabilitation back to normal functions. it seeks to either restore or optimize functionality, performance and sports prowess regardless of age. sport and exercise science gets incorporated with physiology in sports therapy to improve health status by enhancing quick healing. with much knowledge on musculoskeletal disorders, sports therapist use hands-on treatment and rehabilitation to increase mobility, relieve pain and improve quality of life.
similarities between physiotherapy and sports therapy
although there is a difference in the scope of each discipline, the similarities are many, and confusion is more likely. both physiotherapy and sports therapy work on the musculoskeletal system to improve well-being in people. they have the necessary training to manage musculoskeletal disorders and ease associated pains. both therapists can assess injuries to identify anomalies in making a diagnosis. on many occasions, you will get a similar diagnosis of a condition regardless of the practitioner that you visit. also, there is considerable patient involvement in the management process as exhibited by the level of patient education registered in both. patients get taught on how to keep fit using the proper techniques and to reduce injuries in the future as a preventive measure.
the two types of therapy aim to stimulate quick recovery and encourage self-care in patients. training the muscles to adjust to various conditions and cope even in hostility. there is much similarity in the way the two therapies work and their treatment techniques. massage, manual therapy, electrotherapy, and exercise prescription are some of the approaches prevalent in both physio and sports therapy.
distinguishing physiotherapy from sports therapy
 


education levels and training


formal education training is a significant aspect of difference in differentiating sports therapy from physiotherapy. sports therapy is concerned with assessment and rehabilitation of orthopedic injuries sometimes acquired from sports activities. sports therapy usually focus on muscle bones and joints of the body. in their training, sports therapist learn on injury prevention techniques, supportive care, and emergency care.
on the other hand, physiotherapy is a little broader and in the formal education, students learn cardiorespiratory rehabilitation atop the basics. postgraduate studies in physiotherapy have been shown to widen the scope of practice further. the difference in the content of the study is again seen in the duration of the study. a physiotherapy degree course will take at least 4 years with an option to enroll for masters while sports therapy is well covered in 3 years.


work setup


another difference comes in the time of practice. physiotherapist often practices in hospital facilities whereas sports therapists are in private practice. you will find physiotherapy services in most hospitals. the work environment has helped physiotherapist to gain much knowledge about diseases. physiotherapy is thus more suited to the ill people since the practitioner has a level of understanding in handling them.
on the other hand, sports therapy is generally good for the healthy to improve performance and prevent illness. sometimes you will find a therapist attached to a sporting club. considering this, one cannot be a substitute for the other in some situations.
physiotherapy services are sometimes recommended by the general physician. as such, you can get insurance coverage. the availability of such services in the public or private sector is dependent on locality. on the contrary, sports therapy is often a personal initiative driven by one’s health-seeking behavior. registering for such services may get you to dig deep into your pockets. however, it is worth an investment, and you won’t regret ever.


regulations


physiotherapy is regulated, and one gets registered to practice in most countries. on the flip side, sports therapy exhibit minimal regulations, and it’s a free market dictated by demand and trust. we all appreciate the need for some level of control. at present, efforts are in place to set up several regulatory bodies. you can get recommendations from friends on how to find a legitimate sports therapist. also, scrutinize level of professionalism as seen in services offered.





4 ways to alleviate back pain

december 13, 2018 by hfchuser·0 comments


today’s the fifth day in a row you woke up with that excruciating pain in your back. everything seems to be a blur and you just can’t seem to get out of bed. 
for those of us who suffer from chronic back pain, this situation isn’t entirely alien to them. it’s a debilitating condition that can quickly dampen our outlook on life. and it’s far more prevalent than you might think – up to 80 percent of adults experience lower back pain at least once in their lives. 
so how do you contain this condition and start the road to recovery? here are some common tips and tricks:
1. investigate your sleep environment
are you suffering from back pain due to faulty paraphernalia? an important thing to note is whether your home mattress and pillows are up to the task. if they haven’t been replaced in several years or their springs are no longer in working condition, you might want to make a change.
2. stretching
this may seem like the last thing you want to do during a bout of pain, but stretching out your muscles helps improve blood flow, circulation, and strength. common stretching poses like child’s pose and touching your toes loosens the muscles and makes you alert and fresh.
3. hot and cold treatments
applying an ice pack on your back can alleviate injury and reduce inflammation. it induces a numbing effect which decreases pain and soreness. in a similar vein, heating pads loosen stiff or achy muscles.
use these two techniques liberally for whenever you’re in a particularly uncomfortable period of back pain. 
4. exercise
as a general rule, it’s advisable not to spend all your day in a sedentary state. whether it’s a short walk, yoga, or swimming, exercise helps stimulate muscles and release endorphins, your brain’s natural pain killer. regular exercise has a number of health benefits, all of which will contribute to a reduction in back pain.





3 reasons to avoid free process simulation software

august 20, 2018 by hfchuser·0 comments


to understand the reasons why we should not use free process simulation software, we need to first examine what process simulation software accomplishes. simulation is a process that imitates real-world phenomena by capturing the characteristics, behaviors, and functions of a system in order to mimic how it works. there are various kinds of simulations depending on their applications of use. mosimtec’s simulation software solutions are particularly robust and powerful
simulation for technical processes would primarily use process simulation software. this branch of simulation deals with the development, design, analysis, and optimization of chemical plants, power stations, manufacturing, chemical and environmental systems. process simulation models complex chemical, biological and physical processes in software that need to be thoroughly coded into the program. process simulation would then inevitably use software programs to carry out these simulations. there are free and paid free process simulation software available today. however, these free software have some few inherent problems as explained below.
inadequate technical supported
most free simulation software lack a reliable  technical support. normally, technical support staff would provide assistance in the event there is a malfunction of the program and you as the user need quick assistance. as explained above, process simulation deals with complex technical operations. in certain areas such as power plants, errors in the free software program would have huge effects or repercussion. the options available for assistance in case something goes wrong would be writing an email to the developer or finding an online support help group which may not be very responsive. additionally, free software developers may not keep the software up to date as well as increase compatibility with different operating systems.
security issues
computers running free process simulation software are very likely to store a treasure trove of information. valuable information is always a target for malicious developers. malware or adware might be included in the software release with the intention of stealing information from a computer or server. companies that run open-source software are at a higher risk of having their proprietary information stolen or hacked, potentially also leaking the personal information of others. computer security issues and errors could possibly cost thousands of dollars for the company in losses or damages.
potential lack of essential features
free software will always suffer from lack of essential features. some of the online user comments made on free process simulation software attest to this. most common complaints and negative reviews are from users who feel that the software needs to catch up on features that are on similar paid process simulation software. features you would need for most analyses such as non-linear materials, line loads, contact and restraints may be missing. the developer may also not be willing or available to do software updates. moreover, the user interface in free process simulation software is usually not keenly designed, and you might get frustrated as you struggle to find out where certain functions are. furthermore, these programs will almost always lack documentation which is an outline of how the software works and where to find each function.





5 ways millennials are influencing change in the healthcare industry

july 18, 2017 by hfchuser·0 comments



millennials are fast gaining purchasing power and with it the ability to transform how businesses advertise. marketing efforts towards millennials are strikingly different from other generations before it. because this generation cannot be ignored, everyone is going back to the drawing board to figure out how to get to this generation. the healthcare industry is not being left behind in this apparent transformation.

the way healthcare has been delivered hardly aligns with the ways, habits and thoughts of millennials. for this reason, players in the industry are working day and night to adapt, lest they be left behind, or worse still, be forced out of business.
now, even healthcare practices that would typically be slow to take up solutions like misys emr solutions are changing tact, preferring to lead the way, in an effort to keep up with this generation whose purchasing power is only beginning to grow.

the following are some of the ways that millennials are changing the healthcare industry:

they are demanding healthcare fast

by their very nature, millennials are demanding that healthcare organizations deliver healthcare to them fast and efficiently. seeking a physician’s intervention when in a critical health situation is the older generations’ first, and often, only line of defense.
for millennials however, seeking out a doctor often takes place as a last resort. that is why, according to available data, 34% of millennials favor retail clinics. at the same time, 24% of them prefer favor acute care clinics.

they trust doctors but avoid them

millennials enjoy an abundance of health information. all the same, they still consider doctors the most trusted source of healthcare information. you would think that because of this, millennials would be regulars at the doctor’s office. this could not be further from reality. millennials are known to avoid a visit to the doctor’s office than the older generation.

some of the reasons why they do this include fear of receiving bad news, the long wait times that are typical of a doctor’s appointment, a lack of convenience at the hospital and big bills. in fact, past research has shown that around 54% of millennials delay or avoid medical treatment because of high costs.

they want to know what it might cost them upfront

as many as 41% of millennials have reported to requesting and receiving health care cost estimates before agreeing to undergo medical treatments. compare that with 21% of baby boomers and just 18% among seniors. this can, perhaps be best explained by the rising of out-of-pocket costs and differences between treatments.

they are embracing health-tech trends

technology has revolutionized practically all industries, including the healthcare industry. today, people of all walks of life and of all ages use technology in one way or another, to manage their health. from simple things like searching health information on the web using applications in their mobile devices to more complex ones like tracking heart rate, everyone is using technology for healthcare purposes.
nevertheless, no other generation has embraced this trend than millennials. in fact, unlike the older generations that are always a little reluctant to use these health technologies, millennials are early adopters.

they value word of mouth

millennials listen to what other patients have to say about certain things regarding healthcare, including their online networks and circle of friends. they search out online reviews and actively take part in online communities.
what’s more, they are more likely to trust the information they find online, especially in online communities and, by extension use it to make their healthcare decisions. they also for the most part, do not mind sharing their symptoms as well as treatment experiences via online patient networks.





private jet flights benefits and services

march 31, 2016 by hfchuser·0 comments


private jet flights will always win when compared to commercial airline flights. the problem with commercial flights is that a lot of time is wasted queuing and unnecessary stopovers. also, they are not as cohiring a private charter flight for your family vacation translated to spending pleasurable and memorable moments with your loved ones.mfortable as the private jet flights.

personal and family charter flights
business executives have busy schedules flying from coast to coast. however, that does not mean that you should not see your friends and family as often as you please.
with the personal and family charter flights, there is no reason not to spend quality time with your loved one regardless of the hectic schedules. there are private jet services for family that can accommodate several passengers all across toronto and north america. the same efficiency, flexibility and professionalism are offered to the business executives is extended to the family members.hiring a private charter flight for your family vacation translated to spending pleasurable and memorable moments with your loved ones.
benefits

hiring a private charter flight for your family vacation translated to spending pleasurable and memorable moments with your loved ones.
 no custom check-ins 
 no long airport lines 
 no rushed trips to the airport 
 personalized services for all members on board 
 the safety and comfort of the clients is assured. 


private jet plane rental
benefits
personalized services
clients are assured of customized services to meet their specific travelling needs. in addition, high-quality services are offered.
hiring a private charter flight for your family vacation translated to spending pleasurable and memorable moments with your loved ones.
flexibility
clients have flexibility and total control of how and when to travel. the schedules and travel dates of the clients are accommodated to suit the travel needs of the clients. as long as a jet is available, you can go wherever you please.
security
the security of the business team and, the family members while flying is assured. it does not matter whether it is a business or pleasure trip, there are superior standard safety standards in place.
confidentiality
the privacy of the people on board is assured. the services offered are completely discreet and private.
direct flights
avoid unnecessary stopovers and inconveniences associated with commercial airlines. with private jet flights clients fly directly to their destinations without any disruptions and delays.
boardroom on board
besides travelling in a spacious and comfortable aircraft, business can still be conducted in the boardrooms. privacy is assured. quick meeting can be held, and emails responded too while still flying.




proudly powered by wordpress.
					theme: flat 1.7.6 by themeisle.				






