


welcome - baoc



































 

what is orienteering?
welcome (home)
frequently asked questions
training
juniors
vendors
related links
photos and videos
events
schedule

results
routegadget
rankings
driving directions
guidelines for volunteers
maps
park list
permanent courses
sample maps
purchase an orienteering map
mapping resources
about us
all about baoc

communications
membership:  join or renew
contacts
about this site





 
 






2023 california orienteering festival (https://cal-o-fest.com)



recent changes

schedule/2025/western states champs
schedule/2025/slo sprint weekend
schedule/2025/feb board meeting
schedule/2025/joe grant
results/2025/point pinole
schedule/2025/point pinole
schedule/2025/point pinole/course setter notes
schedule/2025/tahoe 4-day






 welcome 
in orienteering, “the thinking sport”, you use a map and compass to navigate a course through unfamiliar terrain. people of all ages enjoy orienteering as a leisurely walk in the woods or as a competitive cross-country race.
newcomers are welcome at baoc events, which are held throughout the  san francisco bay area. we offer  beginner courses suitable for both individuals and families, as well as  advanced courses that challenge the technical and physical capabilities of individuals and small teams.  learn more here.
we encourage all runners to try orienteering. a runners’ welcome page is here.

 upcoming baoc events 

feb. 19 (wed.) -
    baoc board meeting - video conference
    meeting of the board of directors; 7:30 pm; all club members are welcome

feb. 28 - mar. 2 -
    western states championships and u.s. team trials - presidio of san francisco and calero county park
    a; three days of national ranking events (nres) for beginners through advanced; everyone, including beginners, is welcome each day; results of best 2 days will be combined for the western states champs (entry deadline: feb. 16)

mar. 9 (sun.) -
    browns valley open space preserve
    c; this event will offer multiple standard point-to-point courses, from beginner to advanced; non-members and beginners are welcome; brief, free beginner instruction will be available (pending park approval)


 other  future baoc events 

mar. 23 (sun.) -
    joseph d. grant county park
    b; standard 7-course event for beginners through advanced orienteers; non-members and beginners are welcome; free, brief, beginner instruction will be available

jul. 25 - 28 -
    tahoe 4-day - lake tahoe area
    a; events at various parks around the lake tahoe are; at least one nre; four days of fun events (details tbd) (pending park approval)



 the complete schedule is here...


 recent baoc results 

feb. 9 -
    point pinole regional shoreline
    c; how will steve challenge us this year? everyone is welcome, including non-members and beginners, with free, brief, beginner instruction available

jan. 26 -
    coyote lake – harvey bear ranch county park
    b; standard 7-course event for beginners through advanced; at the coyote lake side of the park as in previous years; everyone is welcome, including non-members and beginners, with free, brief, beginner instruction available

jan. 12 -
    "2024" golden goat & golden kid - camp tamarancho
    c; after missing a year, we have the return of an extra-long "goat" course, and a long "kid" course, with a shared mass start; there will be no beginner courses at this special event

dec. 21 -
    willow glen holiday lights "light-o" & potluck social - willow glen neighborhood
    c; evening score-o course to enjoy the neighborhood holiday lights, followed by a potluck social & awarding of the 2024 baoc service award

dec. 8 -
    bon tempe reservoir
    c; volunteer appreciation event; only on sunday this time; as in the past, participation is limited to only club members who have volunteered this year; pre-registration is required; no beginner or intermediate courses

nov. 17 -
    shell ridge open space
    b; standard 7-course event for beginners through advanced; everyone is welcome, including non-members and beginners, with free, brief, beginner instruction available



 more results are here...


 other northern california orienteering opportunities 
the organizations listed below put on events in northern california and nearby. their events are listed on the schedule page (i.e., when "all clubs" is selected).

 gold country orienteers (gco) (http://www.goldcountryorienteers.org) – organizes orienteering events in the sacramento area
 nav-x (http://www.navxchallenge.com) – organizes map-trekking events in northern california
 terraloco (http://go-terraloco.blogspot.com) – organizes urban and wilderness map adventures
 truckee orienteering club (http://www.truckeeorienteering.org) – organizes orienteering events in the lake tahoe area

 news and notes 
various “news” items are posted on  this page. recent items:

  2024 baoc service award recipient (12/22/24)
  2024 ousa annual general meeting (7/31/24)
  baoc website updates and call for photos (6/27/24)

a google calendar of bay area events is on the schedule page. if you have a personal google calendar, you can subscribe to this one to have the events displayed on your calendar.







log in


copyright © 1994-2025 bay area orienteering club.
    powered by mediawiki. design by van boughner.
copyright © 1994-2025 bay area orienteering club. all rights reserved.

 

