























ajediam: the smart choice for antwerp diamonds



































































 


skip to content








search for:






 
close 






education



diamonds 101
step inside the world of ajediam - discover our enterprise


diamond prices
price lists and pricing tools to understand diamond prices at a glance


fancy colors
uncover the magic of the most captivating gems on earth


identification
differentiate genuine diamonds from imitations and fakes


compare qualities
learn to compare diamonds and make the best choice for you


investing in diamonds
practical information for investing in diamond as a financial strategy


jewelry & craftsmanship
the art and secrets of fine jewelry making and maintenance


rough & mining
understand the processes of extracting and manufacturing diamonds


diamond trading
the essential knowledge to understand the international diamond trade


diamond history
discover history through the lense of a diamantaire


treated & synthetics
how diamonds can be enhanced or created in a lab


breaking news
stay informed with ajediam's diamond industry breaking news


about ajediam
step inside the world of ajediam - discover our enterprise


visit antwerp
explore europe's hidden gem, a culturally-rich, diverse and dynamic city


glossary
explore the definitions of popular terms in the diamond and jewelry industries





featured




 


diamond prices
white natural diamond prices
read more										











 


diamonds 101
size of diamonds
read more										











 


famous diamonds
the blue heart diamond
read more										
























menu
















shop



diamonds

sizes

size of diamonds
diamond sizes on hand finger ring


prices

white diamond natural
fancy color diamonds
rough uncut diamond
synthetic diamonds
historical price graphic
diamond price calculator


diamonds as investment
loose rough diamonds
diamond shapes
diamond inquiry


fine jewelry

rings

engagement rings
wedding


earrings
pendants
necklaces
bracelets
brooches & pins
pearls beads


engagement

engagement rings
solitaire
design
expensive
millionaire wealth
black diamonds
for men
monogram family seal signet
sapphire
ruby
emerald
wedding

eternity infinity rings
anniversary & friendship
halo circle rings
diamond rings
big diamond rings









en



fr























welcome. find us at the

very source of diamonds

antwerp, belgium, has been a diamond capital of the world since the beginings of modern diamond industry. ajediam remains the best choice for everything diamond related.












the smart choice in antwerp diamonds

since 1987
ajediam – the antwerp jewels & diamond manufacturers, delivers incredible diamonds for smart buyers all around the world since 1986. a pioneer in servicing diamond jewelry online (first online launch in 2002), ajediam delivers antwerp’s hottest diamond deals, a wide range of most beautiful and sought-after diamond jewelry designs, exciting content revealing expert tips and tricks to become a true diamond industry insider, and a fantastic shopping experience across all devices


























hand-crafted jewels
at ajediam, we believe that jewelry is not just adornment; it's a reflection of individuality and sentiment. our personalization and bespoke jewelry creation services encapsulate your distinct style and preferences, turning your vision into reality. with our meticulous craftsmanship and attention to detail, we transform precious materials into one-of-a-kind pieces that tell your story.

atelier services













antwerp jewel & diamond manufacturers


diamonds
investment
engagement
fine jewelry




discover antwerp’s hottest diamond deals, a wide range of diamonds in all shapes and sizes, fancy colours, special cuts and exciting large size diamonds. become a true diamond industry insider

learn more



learn to identify the key factors that contribute to a diamond’s investment potential, and understand the market dynamics that drive returns. our expert insights will empower you to make informed decisions when it comes to investing in diamonds.

learn more



step into the enchanting world of engagement rings, where every design tells a unique love story. our curated collection captures the essence of timeless elegance and modern romance.

learn more



welcome to our world of fine jewelry, where every piece is a testament to refined elegance and exceptional craftsmanship.

learn more















considering buying a diamond?
when embarking on your journey to purchase diamonds, it's essential to have a comprehensive understanding of the process. our experts are here to illuminate your path as you explore the world of diamonds, ensuring you make well-informed decisions. discover our valuable resources to learn about diamond qualities, pricing trends, and more.

prices















knowledge is confidence
purchase diamonds with confidence and receive a transparent view of the diamond market. we provide detailed insights into various diamond characteristics, helping you select the perfect stone that aligns with your preferences and budget. explore our comprehensive diamond education tools, backed by reliable industry standards.

compare qualities












become an industry insider
as dedicated professionals in the diamond industry, we're here to guide you through every step of your diamond buying experience. whether it's engagement rings, exquisite earrings, or just the diamonds, we’ll help you understand the intricacies of the world of diamonds.

ask us anything!
















client opinions
stories from all over the world





google
4.7 stars





trustpilot
4.4 stars





sitejabber
5 stars





yelp
4.7 stars












— d k





we have already purchased twice from maurice at ajediam in antwerp and could not be happier with the purchases! the first time we made our purchase personally at the diamond exchange in antwerp, where it became immediately clear to us that ajediam and its members are absolute professionals. the quality of the diamonds and the jewellery made by ajediam's partner goldsmith is impecable! also ordering from abroad worked wonderfully. we got exactly what we ordered.thank you ajediam for the beautiful diamonds / jewelery and the impecable service!

we have already purchased twice from maurice at ajediam in antwerp and could not be happier with the purchases! the first time we made our purchase personally at the diamond exchange in antwerp, where... more

may 05, 2020









— simon c.





merci pour vos services, vos conseil et la grande qualité du travail fait lors de la réalisation de la bague que j'avais choisie. elle est magnifique !

merci pour vos services, vos conseil et la grande qualité du travail fait lors de la réalisation de la bague que j'avais choisie. elle est magnifique !... more

aug 11, 2019









— nicole stevens





there is buying jewelry online, buying it at your local jewelry shop and then there is buying jewelry at ajediam. for a while i have been looking for the perfect diamond ring, but could not find it anywhere. my jeweller offered to make it, but the price was just out of my range. ajediam was one of the companies i reached out to, thinking that they were a jeweller. as it turned out, they are actually a wholesaler. however, mr huts has custom made the dream ring i was looking for, at wholesale price. as i like unusual designs and like to design my clothing myself, this is a company i will keep in mind for future ideas. ajediam is professional, honest and educative and as such, i am very pleased with my experience.

there is buying jewelry online, buying it at your local jewelry shop and then there is buying jewelry at ajediam. for a while i have been looking for the perfect diamond ring, but could not find it an... more

may 20, 2018









— nicole s.





yesterday, i bought an amazing 1.01 carot emerald cut diamond ring for myself (always loved angelina jolie's ring!) at ajediam and a preserved red rose that is covered in diamonds for my mum for valentine's day. i found them online, turns out that they are a wholesaler, so i got a very good deal for my ring! the service is excellent, quick, friendly, informative and helpful. the selection is great and the dealer is located just 5 minutes by foot from the train station. i would recommend this dealer to anyone as i am well pleased with my new sparkler!

yesterday, i bought an amazing 1.01 carot emerald cut diamond ring for myself (always loved angelina jolie's ring!) at ajediam and a preserved red rose that is covered in diamonds for my mum for valen... more

sep 02, 2017









— david mckenzie





there is no comparing, buying from a ajediam is the way to buy diamonds! personal selection, buying at the diamond exchange instead of a shop, great service, no pressure, wholesale prices, custom made jewellery and you even receive a diamond rose as a gift after your purchase. even better: jan just emailed me a discount voucher of $250!!! this is an absolute no brainer to all who are buying diamonds or diamond jewellery.

there is no comparing, buying from a ajediam is the way to buy diamonds! personal selection, buying at the diamond exchange instead of a shop, great service, no pressure, wholesale prices, custom made... more

may 11, 2016









— constance cathcart





jan huts demonstrates exemplary service from start to finish! i purchased two wedding rings from ajediam from distance, and am very pleased with all aspects of the transaction. mr. huts selected high quality diamonds and utilized an excellent goldsmith to create exactly what i wanted. i received two beautiful custom rings within the two week timeframe he promised....all within my budget! for all of my future diamond and jewelry needs, i will absolutely choose ajediam!

jan huts demonstrates exemplary service from start to finish! i purchased two wedding rings from ajediam from distance, and am very pleased with all aspects of the transaction. mr. huts selected high ... more

apr 10, 2016









— piergiorgio di francesco





mamma mia!!! jan, i have received the ring...fantastic!!! thank you so much! excellent product, excellent service and excellent price! highly recommended!

mamma mia!!! jan, i have received the ring...fantastic!!! thank you so much! excellent product, excellent service and excellent price! highly recommended!... more

apr 02, 2016









— leonidasv





when visiting antwerp, diamond capital of the world, a stop at ajediam is a must! why should you go (and pay quite a bit more) at a jewellery shop when you can also visit a diamond dealer and buy your diamond at a wholesale price? please bear in mind that ajediam is not a shop, so make an appointment before you go there but believe me, you will not be sorry! i love my diamond bracelet but i love the price of my diamond bracelet and my diamond ring even more!

when visiting antwerp, diamond capital of the world, a stop at ajediam is a must! why should you go (and pay quite a bit more) at a jewellery shop when you can also visit a diamond dealer and buy your... more

sep 07, 2015









— lauren





there is no comparing, buying from a ajediam is the way to buy diamonds! personal selection, buying at the diamond exchange instead of a shop, great service, no pressure, wholesale prices, custom made jewelry and you even receive a diamond rose as a gift after your purchase. even better: jan just emailed me a discount voucher of $250!!! this is an absolute no brainer to all who are buying diamonds or diamond jewelry.

there is no comparing, buying from a ajediam is the way to buy diamonds! personal selection, buying at the diamond exchange instead of a shop, great service, no pressure, wholesale prices, custom made... more

aug 10, 2015









— elizabeth s.





this is a great site, very informative especially for people who are new to purchasing and investing in diamonds. ajediam even offers a diamond investing guide. check it out! it's worth it and will have you considering investing in diamonds because of all the great benefits and advantages

this is a great site, very informative especially for people who are new to purchasing and investing in diamonds. ajediam even offers a diamond investing guide. check it out! it's worth it and will ha... more

jun 20, 2014









— chaz mabra





jan huts and his team at ajediam exceeded my expectations not only with their level of customer service but also the amount of money they were able to save me by giving me such a good deal. throughout this entire process and the learning curve of becoming familiar with investing in diamonds ajediam has been there for me to answer questions and make suggestions. i couldn't be happier and i will definitely be back again the next time.

jan huts and his team at ajediam exceeded my expectations not only with their level of customer service but also the amount of money they were able to save me by giving me such a good deal. throughout... more

may 24, 2014









— catherine vassiliou





we use to buy gold jewels and invest in diamonds from ajediam, since a long time ago. we are so satisfied with their services and the delivery method with security,that use to send their excellent products . their degree of confidentiality is so high and their manner to the clients are the best ! mr.huts is really a treasure for his advices and his kindness ! ajediam forever ,even for long distance buying .. absolutely worth company to trust and i recomend it to all of you !!! catherine vassiliou , greek tv journalist

we use to buy gold jewels and invest in diamonds from ajediam, since a long time ago. we are so satisfied with their services and the delivery method with security,that use to send their excellent pro... more

dec 16, 2013









— andres fernandez





great service i just gave the ring to my fiance and she was delighted; not only that, i took the ring to a jeweler to adjust the size and i was told it was an amazing rock. i am very happy with my purchase.

great service i just gave the ring to my fiance and she was delighted; not only that, i took the ring to a jeweler to adjust the size and i was told it was an amazing rock. i am very happy with my pur... more

nov 27, 2013


 















get in touch with our experts in antwerp
ajediam experts at your service. seek advice, make queries, or explore bespoke creations. request a call-back or book an appointment at our diamond office in antwerp gmt+2. we're eager to meet you and assist every step.

book an appointment
request a callback






contact us at

+32 3 808 72 02
care@ajediam.com



our office

diamond district, belamco building, 1st & 2nd floors
hoveniersstraat 19, 2018 antwerp, belgium



company
about us
career
partners
affiliate program
 






buyers information
payments & delivery
returns & refunds
buyback guarantee
natural diamond warranty
conflict free diamonds
privacy
terms & conditions
 

client care
find your diamond
jewelry atelier services
appraisal
a trip to antwerp
faqs
ring sizer
 

shop colored gems & designer jewels!

the platform dedicated to the world of fine jewels.onlyjewels.com



antwerp ateliers
looking for a b2b fine jewelry service? antwerp ateliers is your local partner in 3d design, casting, setting, polishing and so much more.
invest in precious metals!
netherlands’ best appraisers and purchasers of precious metals and jewelry. xgoud.nl


become a diamond insider!

be the first to get weekly news from the world of diamonds.






email


please wait...


                                    subscribe                                






thank you! you have successfully joined our subscriber list.










find us here!














cookies improve user experience
this website uses cookies to analyze traffic and remember your website choices. you can change preferences at any time in the cookie settings.

read more
accept






















