





real estate professionals business and services | urb, inc.















































 






skip to content

















  


search for:








welcomeabout urburb chicagoiliphilanthropic activitiesinsightswelcomeabout urburb chicagoiliphilanthropic activitiesinsights 














real estate professionals business and servicesurb wp manager2025-02-08t22:06:08+00:00 
urb, inc. family of real estate professionals, businesses, and services.
welcome to urb, inc.
urb, inc. is a family of real estate professionals, businesses, and services committed to transforming the selling, buying, and investing of chicago south side real estate.
established in 1986 by brian urbanowski, urb, inc. has carved out a unique niche by catering to first-time homebuyers, individuals with challenging credit situations, and those seeking investment opportunities in renovating and reselling properties.
also, by purchasing chicago south side real estate in need of repair for cash, urb, inc. offers a fresh start to individuals who need to sell their properties quickly.
when it comes to charity, brian and his employees support children, people experiencing homelessness, and veterans’ causes.
philanthropic activities and partnershipsconnecting with charitable causeslearn moreinsights: chicago people, places & possibilities postings!
regarding the value and vitality of chicago’s south side communities.












$1 billion investment in chicago’s south side












transforming chicago’s underserved neighborhoods












final phase of pullman crossings












$20 million hub in greater grand crossing












thrive exchange $100 million community investment












the 78 chicago $7 billion of benefits












greater southwest development corporation












far south side growth fostered by $5.3b project



 
{"slide_show":3,"slide_scroll":1,"dots":"true","arrows":"false","autoplay":"true","autoplay_interval":3000,"speed":600,"loop":"true","design":"design-2"}

read more: chicago people, places & possibilities postings



 
 






		© urb, inc. 4751 west touhy avenue, lincolnwood, il 60712 (847) 673-7575	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link








chat with us, powered by livechat
 


go to top




