experts in laser hair removal | milan laser free consult specials this month's special payment plans refer a friendthe process how it works before/after photosface & lipunderarmsbikinilegsmen's area candidate quiz at-home devices faqs types of hair removalbody areas lip & chin legs underarm bikini area brazilian bikini for men for brown skin all body areaslocations all locations contact us about us reviews/testimonials social linksfacebookinstagramtiktok careerssearch1-833-no-razorpopular searchesmonthly specials get a custom quote waxing/shaving calculator am i a good candidate? before/after photos specialsthe processbody areaslocationspopular searchesmonthly specials get a custom quote waxing/shaving calculator am i a good candidate? before/after photos 1-833-no-razornever shave again. guaranteed.laser hair removal is a permanent solution to unwanted hair†. we can remove hair from nearly anywhere on the body for less than the lifetime value of shaving and waxing. there’s no recovery time, and treatments are fast — they can even be done over lunch!see how lhr worksget unlimited treatmentsabout laser hair removallaser hair removal is a popular alternative to waxing and shaving. this is largely due to the fact that laser hair removal provides permanent results† and is less expensive than maintaining a waxing and shaving routine for a lifetime. additionally, there’s no recovery time needed after a treatment—so no more doing the waxing-waddle or battling razor burn.our treatments are safe, and all of our procedures are performed by authorized candela practitioners. we use fda-cleared lasers that are tailored to your specific skin type & hair color. the processlaser hair removal faqsabout milan laserfebruary exclusive free treatment with consult why milan laser hair removal?we’re the experts in laser hair removal, it’s all we do. plus we include our unlimited package™ with every body area.milan is the largest laser hair removal company in the nation and the only one that offers the unlimited package: unlimited treatments for life at no additional cost. while the average person needs 7 to 10 treatments to be 95%+ hair free, with us you’ll always be covered no matter how many treatments you need.the bottom line: you’ll never pay for hair removal on the same body area again.before & afterour technologyhair removal techniquesover 0,000 treatmentsperformed every month at our 260+ locationslaser hair removal specialssay goodbye to unwanted hair on your – underarms, bikini area, lip/chin, legs and back – with one of our great deals! schedule a free consult today to take advantage of current specials.we believe you deserve to have hair-free skin at a price you can afford. that’s why in addition to offering great specials, we approve everyone for affordable payment plans.learn more about the payment plan options.the processlaser hair removal faqsabout milan lasersee our reviewsthe nation’s leading laser hair removal expertswith over 380 locations in 37 states, milan laser hair removal makes getting smooth skin more accessible than ever. every purchase comes with our exclusive unlimited package™, offering all the treatments you need at no additional cost. plus, everyone qualifies for our flexible financing options, available at any of our convenient locations. at milan laser, we make it simple to say goodbye to unwanted hair — guaranteed.founded in 2012 by board-certified medical doctors, milan laser performs over 75,000 treatments each month. we provide state-of-the-art laser treatments in a safe, relaxing environment.find your nearest locationbook your free consultselect a location from the listselect a locationfind milan near you?see available timesorask a questionby checking this box, you agree to milan laser hair removal to reach you by phone or text with information about our services, msg & data rates may apply. reply stop to cancel. view our privacy policy.this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service applymilan laser hair removal locationslaser hair removal topicsat-home laser hair removallaser hair removal for active lifestylelaser hair removal for amputeeslaser hair removal for bodybuilderslaser hair removal for brown skinlaser hair removal for folliculitislaser hair removal for hidradenitis suppurativalaser hair removal for pcoslaser hair removal for pilonidal cystslaser hair removal for transgender clientsabout milancareersmilitary discount on laser hair removalpressprivacy policyterms and conditionsyour privacy rightsconsumer privacy requestfollow uskeep up with uswant the latest and greatest from milan laser?sign up to get exclusive invitations, updates, and special offers! we promise to never sell your info.milan laser hair removal © 2025. all rights reserved. ʈlaser hair removal/reduction is intended to effect stable, long-term, or permanent reduction through selective targeting of melanin in hair follicles. individual results may vary. permanent results does not necessarily imply the elimination of all hairs in the treatment area. *financing options available through milan laser include a 3rd party lender/bank. milan laser is not a bank, lender, or loan broker, but provides installment payment plans. aprs start from 0%.


