



children's music concerts, recordings, and free songs by nancy stewart - 
seattle washington



























           
            







 








songs of 
      the month
      c  o  l  l  e  c  t  i  o  n
      240 free songs

the heart of 
      this website is a collection of songs posted monthly over twenty years of singing with and for children. these 
      songs are archived and free for you to download, sing, and share. every 
      song has sheet music, chords, lyrics, and many have activities and ideas 
      and printables. they are sorted alphabetically, by month and year (a great 
      tool for finding seasonal songs), and by playlist. they have been kid, 
      teacher, parent, and librarian tested. there are no ads to slow you down, 
      just free songs for singing and dancing, learning and imagining.

      and be sure to check out my
      
      youtube channel for videos of many of these songs and more!

search by:
 name       
      month       playlists
 




for 
            even more free songs, please visit my companion website,
            
            singwithourkids.com













       








            bedtime tune time is a special collection of 130 short nightly song 
            videos designed to help you transition your kids to bedtime. they 
            are also a great resource providing video demos of most of my songs 
            for teachers and librarians.









songs and printables on this website are free to use for any purpose 
      that is not for profit. (you may video and share yourself using these 
      resources.) please just cite and share my website. 
      read
      details












           
              contact me:


nancy stewart / 
              friends street music
6505 
              se 28th
              mercer island, wa 98040
              phone: (206) 232-1078        
              fax (206) 232-0292

nancy@nancymusic.com   
       












copyright and use of songs and 
              materials on this website:

all songs on this website have been 
              written and copyrighted/published by nancy stewart, except when 
              noted as being traditional. copyright information can be found on 
              sheet music and or lyrics page

permission to use and 
              reproduce:
              schools and libraries may use and reproduce or share all materials 
              freely. this includes recording, video recording, printing, and 
              posting on social media and school or library websites. please 
              credit nancy stewart and link to website in online use.
personal use: 
              materials may be freely reproduced for personal use
commercial use and monetization: 
please contact nancy for permission and any licensing fees.
              contact:
              
              nancy@nancymusic.com




           






 
 
 


      



