
















































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


	living word christian center






















language
                      

english
espanol



                           
                           
                           
						   










watch live broadcast





                                    live service:
                                







                                    days







                                    hrs







                                    min






   
                                    sec

















contact usservice timeseventsprayersfmadonatewatch live








homeabouthistorybeliefsmission statementvisiondr. bill winstondr. veronica winstonservice times and directionseventsnewscontact usnearby hotelsjobsministries at workchildren and youth ministryfaith ministries alliancevolunteer service centeroutreachprayer ministryschool of ministrygo hard for christservice broadcastlive servicekidz 4 christdominionsunday / wednesday archivesintercessory prayer resourcesnight of prayerwomen's fellowshipdiscipleshipsalvationeducationdaily devotionsprayers and confessionslwcc prayer requestsubmit your testimonyworld prayer guide log sheetread your bible recording chartdonateonline givingmobile givingfaq about givingwhat is newprivacy policymembermember accountmember prayersfaq about membershipjoin our email listmember brochurestore














 



welcomemissionchurch infoannouncementsjobsveronica and i welcome you to living word christian center online! now more than ever, we all need to stay connected with our church family and friends and to take the time daily to strengthen our faith through god’s word, prayer, and worshiping god together.
living word is a place of encouragement, hope, and faith… where jesus is lord!  please join us every wednesday and sunday for our online worship experience. a warm seat awaits you…right at home!











 













 
to empower believers, through teaching, preaching, and demonstration 
of the uncompromised word of god, to fulfill their highest calling and 
change this world through jesus christ.

living word christian center
forest park plaza 
7600 west roosevelt road
forest park, il 60130

service times
main sanctuary
sundays 7:00 am and 9:00 am
wednesdays 6:30 pm

live broadcast
sundays 7:00 am and 9:00 am
re-air: 11:30 am and 2:00 pm
wednesdays 6:30 pm



ministry update
visit our news section to get updates about worship services, ministry events and operations.

 what is helps ministry?
h.e.l.p.s. ministry means “having enough loving people serving” in the church attending to, aiding, supporting and serving one another in the ministry of the church with christian affection. what is the helps ministry office (hmo)? 
• the helps ministry office (hmo) is a support and customer service department for all helps ministries & staff at living word christian center.
• its purpose is to aid them in meeting the operational demands of this ministry, and meet the needs of the people who participate in the worship, study, and social activities of living word christian center.
• we serve in the spirit of excellence. excellence is attention to detail which gives rise to superior performance which leads to promotion in live.
• everyone who comes through the doors of lwcc is to be treated in a spirit of excellence as though it was their first visit.
• set a warm and inviting atmosphere, be the first to smile and say ‘hello’.
• every volunteer (referred to here as helps minister) is to serve in love and excellence at all times.
if you are interested in volunteering, please call the helps ministry office at (708) 697-5365 for more information.

























  
job opportunities
visit our jobs section for job opportunities at living word christian center: 


























 





























                "the blessing of the lord brings wealth, without painful toil for it." - proverbs 10:22 (new international version -niv)
            








abouthistorybeliefsmission statementvisiondr. bill winstondr. veronica winstonservice times and directionseventsnewscontact usnearby hotelsjobsministries at workchildren and youth ministryfaith ministries alliancevolunteer service centeroutreachprayer ministryschool of ministrygo hard for christ


service broadcastlive servicekidz 4 christdominionsunday / wednesday archivesintercessory prayer resourcesnight of prayerwomen&#39;s fellowship




discipleshipsalvationeducationdaily devotionsprayers and confessionslwcc prayer requestsubmit your testimonyworld prayer guide log sheetread your bible recording chartdonateonline givingmobile givingfaq about givingwhat is newprivacy policymembermember accountmember prayersfaq about membershipjoin our email listmember brochurestore




service times
sundays 7:00 am and 9:00 am re-air: 11:30 am and 2:00 pm
wednesdays 6:30 pm


living word christian center
7600 west roosevelt road
forest park, il 60130
(708) 697-5000


                          ©  living word christian center.
                          all rights reserved.                    










