


























home - fbmc benefits management, inc.
















































































home
solutions

brokerage and consulting
communication, education & engagement
enrollment management
administration and compliance
featured programs

physicians health benefits program
direct primary care plus




about us

our story
news
awards
testimonials
careers at fbmc


blog
podcast

risky benefits video podcast


contact us
login

employee login
employer login
vista login












 
















not working & need healthcare?healthcare2u’s mydpcplus membership is focused on providing affordable and convenient primary care to individuals nationwide.
learn more








controlling the cost of healthcare
learn more








discover a better way to benefit


















innovation. protection. provable quality.

fbmc understands the challenge of balancing healthcare costs with meeting the needs of your diverse workforce. through transparent client relationships and a commitment to excellence, fbmc has provided protection to our clients for more than 40 years.







brokerage and consultingthrough high-performance benefits programs that challenge the status quo, fbmc helps employers control cost and risk.
learn more



communication, education, & engagementthrough collaborative communication strategies that align with your business objectives, fbmc helps deliver the value of your benefits programs to your employees.
learn more





administration and compliancethrough operational expertise paired with service excellence, fbmc offers complete and flexible benefits delivery and administration solutions.
learn more



enrollment managementthrough best in class partners, fbmc delivers a custom enrollment experience that aligns with your organizations' objectives.
learn more








our customized solutions

fbmc understands that one size does not fit all when it comes to benefit planning. we work with our clients to establish a comprehensive strategy that will meet their specific needs.











our mission
to be the proven leader in service and innovation in the employee benefits industry.







our vision
to protect our clients by designing and delivering innovative employee benefits with provable quality results.







our values
to be honest, accountable, respectful, inclusive and responsive.









discover a better way to benefit















featured case studies











case study: fbmc saves a georgia city $218k

jun 1, 2023 | case studythe situation a city in georgia knew they had high cost claims issues, and budgeted for a 50% increase in november for their february 1, 2023 health insurance renewal. however, two weeks before christmas, the city was blindsided by an 80% increase in premiums. they...
read more




case study: fbmc saves a florida school district $800k in annual rx savings

jun 1, 2023 | case studythe situation a large florida public school’s pharmacy benefit manager (pbm) contract was up for renewal through a vendor owned by a large insurance carrier. the existing vendor proposed a multi-year renewal of their contract with no pricing changes .  the...
read more




case study: fbmc reduces annual benefits costs by $150k for a midsized business

dec 16, 2021 | case studya successful midsized business was looking for savings, service, and a better provider network in their self-funded program. fbmc developed three different options to choose from. we were able improve service by finding a new third-party administrator and a new...
read more




a texas small business saves money with creative benefits solutions

mar 26, 2021 | case studythe situation a texas small business had low participation in their unaffordable & inadequate health plan. they were also saddled with a cumbersome enrollment method and a broker that was unable able to offer them the necessary creative solutions. the solution...
read more




a texas school district finds comprehensive benefits packages

mar 26, 2021 | case studythe situation a texas school district, with 1,400 employees, faced a number of insurance premium increases and plans that did not offer enough benefits to justify these increases. the previous insurer for life insurance planned a 15% rate increase, which would...
read more




florida hospital increases engagement & benefit education

mar 4, 2021 | case studythe situation a florida hospital, with four locations and 13,000 employees, wanted to increase employee engagement and education about their employee benefits. the solution fbmc’s solution based process begins with strategic planning. first we define the client’s...
read more




florida school district saves money with creative benefit solutions

mar 3, 2021 | case studythe situation a florida school district, with 58 school locations and 3,500 employees, wanted help in meeting their insurance and employee benefit objectives. they felt that their broker was not seeking creative solutions and that they were not being offered...
read more




save money with creative benefits solutions

jun 25, 2020 | case studyread more




customizable & comprehensive benefits packages

mar 23, 2019 | case studyread more




increase engagement & benefit education

mar 22, 2019 | case studyread more









explore more








stay in the know!
get the latest news and information on healthcare trends, legislation, benefits and more!





success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe












 
















florida






850-425-6200






3101 sessions road tallahassee, fl 32303-1878







texas






(469) 398-3230






7300 state hwy 121ste. 300mckinney, texas 75070













followfollowfollowfollowfollow








stockholders information
legal disclaimer
privacy statement
social media policy
careers at fbmc










 

























