




































    quickdoc hipaa compliance service | hipaa docs
  















               


     docs by specialty


   healthcare provider packages



  medical billing packages



  dental care provider packages



  clinical trial management packages





  hipaa essentials


   who needs compliance?



  cost of non-compliance





  packages & services


   how it works



  professional services



  schedule consultation





  about us



  contact us






   

get hipaa docs







    
 





        become hipaa compliant in days

 secure patient health information. build a hipaa-compliant security posture within days to weeks. our quickdoc service gives you the documents you need right away. our rapid remote audit and customization gets you compliant fast.


     

i need more information


   

i need docs yesterday







 
      don't put your company or yourself at risk


 the health information technology for economic and clinical health (hitech) act 
requires
the us office for civil rights (ocr) to periodically audit covered entities and business associates for their compliance with the hipaa rules.






 
      a staggering 90%+ of healthcare organizations fail their audit because they did not have an effective hipaa compliance program.







 
      hipaa docs provides compliance documents - fast


 need docs? hipaa docs provides your company with a library of
hipaa compliance documents; customizable with your branding, or have us do it for you. need more? hipaa docs' professional services include complete
hipaa deployment & training roll-outs, 
and
consulting and auditing services.need even more? hipaa docs can create a fully customized program tailored uniquely to your company.
let's talk!






 
      learn more about hipaa compliance with our quick-reference facts:







 
       hipaa basics


 understanding and complying with hipaa is a legal requirement, but also a commitment to providing the highest quality of care to patients.  discover the 4 key hipaa rules.


   

hipaa essentials



    hipaa compliance facts


 what types of companies need hipaa compliance and what types of employees need hipaa training? it goes far beyond just medical providers! get the facts...


   

hipaa compliance



    non-compliance costs


 don't risk it: non-compliance with hipaa can be costly! violations can result in large financial penalties, plus legal consequences and reputational damage!


   

cost of non-compliance







    we help you protect your practice.
  are you out of compliance now? concerned about an audit? don't wait until it's too late. get your hipaa compliance package now and have peace of mind knowing you're protecting your patients and your practice.
      

i need more infomation


   

schedule consultation







    our services
      a black and white drawing of a wrench and a screwdriver crossed over each other.
 







we offereasy to use templates, training resources, and more. many are available upon purchase.

   a black and white icon of a clipboard with a checklist on it.



we provideefficient, complete, all-in-one compliance documents, with scalable enhancement options.


   a black and white drawing of a person 's head with a peace sign in it.
 




you getpeace of mind now and a partnership resource to turn to for your future compliance needs.







      

  free consultation

 we know hipaa compliance can be a daunting task. that's why we offer a complimentary 1-hour consultation. 

based on your company's needs, we can determine the right hipaa docs products to bring your company into compliance right away.

  

book a consultation











        word bubble



 get in touch
  contact us
schedule a consultation

   map marker



 address
  hipaa docs | wte solutions
169 boone square st., suite 230
hillsborough, nc  27278

   a black and white icon of a heart in a circle on a white background.
 





 packages
  healthcare providers
medical billing / insurance
dental care providers
clinical trial companies



   hipaa docs from wte solutions inc. - powered by 
agilesite 
lite 
| 
privacy


















































































































  
  share by:












