











glacier national park whitewater rafting - wild river adventures



















































book now














skip to content




directions
|
406-387-9453406-387-9453
|

    



















toggle navigation





rafting
fishing
overnightadventures
park & paddleadventures
horseback
about 

about us
more reasons to choose us
reservation information
history
contact


 












 








wild river adventures glacier national park whitewater rafting
looking for family-friendly scenic and whitewater rafting trips in glacier national park?  wild river adventures, located in west glacier, montana, has the best selection of standard and customized, whitewater, scenic and family rafting on the flathead river. wild river adventures is a locally owned and operated rafting company offering customizable river rafting trips in the glacier national park area. we have been providing quality-outfitted trips in this beautiful part of the world since 1985.
we emphasize affordable adventures that are suited to the needs of our individual customers. our glacier national park rafting trips are designed to create lasting memories for the whole family and we’re happy to see the same familiar faces year after year. from the moment you step into our raft, you’ll be immersed in the stunning scenery that glacier national park has to offer. our knowledgeable guides will navigate you through exhilarating rapids while pointing out the rich wildlife and fascinating history of the area. we take pride in providing a safe and enjoyable experience for all, ensuring that every member of your group has a fantastic time.
we train constantly in risk management and require our staff to maintain their wilderness first aid, cpr, and river rescue certifications. our guides enjoy sharing conservation education, allowing us all to experience the pristine waters of the wild and scenic corridor with minimal impact.
whether you’re a seasoned rafter or a first-timer, our expert guides will make sure you have a memorable and thrilling experience. so, why wait? book your white water rafting trip with river wild adventures and discover the wonders of glacier national park from a whole new perspective.


 
book now
 
















rafting
exciting rapids or relaxing scenic floats







fishing
fly fish with experienced guides







overnight
all-inclusive camping







horseback
hit the trail














about us

contact
blog
more reasons to choose us
reservation information
history
press
privacy policy


photos

videos


trip planning

deals/coupons
request more information
find us
packing info
local weather
current river specs
risk management
risk form
adventure travel links
glacier national park


gift certificates

employment







    


406-387-9453800-700-7056



406-387-9453800-700-7056




11900 us-2west glacier, mt 59936






				2025 © wild river adventures.
				












                                        half day - full day - multi-day adventures! | call 406-387-9453                                    








trips
email
call
book



 




wild river adventures








raftingfishingovernight adventuresadventure park & paddlehorsebackabout

contactmore reasons to choose usreservation informationhistorypressrequest more informationemployment back
gift certificatesphoto galleryvideostrip planning

find uspacking infolocal weathercurrent river specsresourcesrisk managementadventure travel links back
privacy policyblog

			× close panel		



























