



new orleans mensa website







new orleans mensa web site



news
we now have a members-only page which contains the complete newsletter.
to access, use the same member-id and password combination that you use on the
american mensa web site. these newsletters are accessed through the laplume index page.
we also now have a facebook group,
for all local members in good standing. you should be able to do a group search
for "new orleans mensa" and find it.


interested in joining mensa?
you can join mensa by taking a standardized intelligence test or a proctored
exam and score in the top 2% of the population. 
the next mensa admission test 
   
  
    has not been scheduled yet.




      
    
    please see this
page for more information.


events



a typical month





nom night 
third saturday of the month, 7 p.m. 
chateau coffee cafe, 139 allen toussaint blvd, new orleans. 
join us for good food and conversation. your first beverage is always covered by the chapter. 



dinner club
third wednesday of the month, 6:30 p.m.
location varies

            rsvp please. they need to know how many to set up.
            contact gerry at gward231@gmail.com to make reservations.
     









nom web site pages

us mensa how to qualify, annual dues, and
    more about u.s. mensa.
people the people who keep the group
    running. 
bylaws the bylaws for the new orleans chapter 
new orleans to find more information
    on new orleans. 
la plume the newsletter of new
    orleans mensa, including the award-winning cover art. 
web info information on the web site itself.
  
lagniappe anything else that didn't
  fit.



links to other web sites

baton rouge mensa is our
    neighbor and stretches from north of new orleans to the texas state
  line.
towards our east, the south mississippi
    mensa chapter covers the counties in mississippi closest to the gulf
    coast. 
the 2023 u s annual gathering/ world gathering
    will be in baltimore, md
the u s mensa web site is located at www.us.mensa.org.
the international mensa web site is located at www.mensa.org.
merf  stands for the mensa
    foundation, which is a charitable organization that funds college
    scholarships and research, including research relating to gifted children.
  





these pages and all content copyright (c) 2024 by new orleans mensa, all rights
reserved. mensa and the mensa logo (as depicted for example in u.s. tm reg.
no. 1,405,381) are registered in the u.s. patent and trademark office by
american mensa, ltd., and are registered in other countries by mensa
international limited and/or affiliated national mensa organizations. mensa
does not hold any opinion or have, or express, any political or religious
views.

last edited may 19, 2024
webmaster bart j. geraci can be reached at bjgeraci@aol.com 


