
















western springs, il - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














 












search







 
 
 









    government      departments      business      residents      community      how do i...?  


 

 

 

 

 

 



 














utility payments








agendas & minutes








stay informed










 
 










 





 
 














rave alert / smart911








service requests








recreation










 
 
 

























 
 
 









 














latest newsstay up to date
 






  
 
 




  
 
 















referendum 2025 information on the village website 


a referendum will be included on the april 1 ballot, asking residents to consider funding for $45 million in infrastructure projects over the next 10 years, using general obligation bonds. learn more on the referendum 2025 page of the village website.						read on...







referendum 2025 video 


the village has developed a 4-minute video to share information about the upcoming referendum on critical infrastructure funding.						read on...







village receives aa+ rating from s & p 


the village of western springs is pleased to announce a recent rating of aa+, awarded by standard & poor's (s&p). this rating is slightly higher than the previous rating the village received from moody’s in 2021.						read on...







wspd is hiring lateral police officers 


the wspd is accepting applications for lateral police officers. visit the village website to learn more and to complete the application. the application deadline is friday, february 28, at 5 pm.						read on...







spring 2025 parkway tree replacement program 


the village parkway tree replacement program is now open for spring 2025!						read on...







virtual open house video: referendum 2025 


the video of the presentation and q & a session from the virtual open house meeting is now available for viewing.						read on...







register to receive the monthly village e-newsletter 


the village monthly e-newsletter is now available. register to receive e-news directly to your inbox each month.						read on...







new agenda & minutes notification system 


the village recently acquired new meeting agenda software. anyone wishing to receive notifications and agendas for board/commission/committee meetings must make selections using the new civicclerk system.						read on...







cmap safe travel for all - input needed for western springs 


the chicago metropolitan agency for planning (cmap) is asking residents to share their traffic safety concerns and shape the future of roadway safety as part of the region-wide safe travel for all initiative.						read on...







the village capital infrastructure plan 


the capital infrastructure plan (cip) is a comprehensive review of all the village’s infrastructure to estimate project costs, prioritize projects based on an engineering risk assessment, and provide the village with the tools to plan for the long term.						read on...







national community survey™ - the results are in! 


the results of the national community survey™ are in, and western springs has been benchmarked against hundreds of other communities across the nation.						read on...







monitor water usage with my 360 consumer water portal 


the village of western springs is pleased to offer a consumer water portal that allows residents to monitor and manage water consumption any time, from any connected device.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb 17



village administrative offices closed for president's day





tue, feb 18



board of police and fire commission




transportation and safety commission





thu, feb 20



infrastructure commission meeting









mon, feb 24



president and board of trustees regular meeting




president and board of trustees meeting





thu, feb 27



one time event








view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 







 














important linksquick access items
 






  
 
 














capital infrastructure plan



employment opportunities



staff directory



refuse, recycling & yard waste information







tower topics newsletter



construction updates



overhead sewer cost sharing program



transparency







municipal code



police department online services



recreation activities brochure



permit guides





view all links




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 
 

 







contact us







740 hillgrove avenuewestern springs, il 60558phone: 708-246-1800fax: 708-246-0284email western springs
 






  
 









   





 
 



  
 







quick links







capital infrastructure plan



employment opportunities



staff directory



refuse, recycling & yard waste information



tower topics newsletter



construction updates









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







site map



accessibility



privacy/copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









