home | pensacola news journal | pnj.comnews sports play opinion advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  pensacon 2025 draws thousands of fans - and even a proposalpositioning others in a positive light makes a difference | studerride along with the pensacola flower shop delivering valentine’s day romancehomeless outreach providers call for volunteers to help with pit count elevate florida taps into federal money to take florida… jay basketball's presley hawthorne wins pnj athlete of… senate committee considers changes to water management… florida lottery mega millions, jackpot triple play…  brandon sproat among top prospects with new york mets at… pensacon 2025 draws thousands of fans - and even a proposal  homeless outreach providers call for volunteers to help with pit count pensacon 2025 kickoffs day one in downtown pensacola l photos more in news jay girls basketball enters region final with 'seasoned' underclassmen  hs roundup for feb. 10-15 results for soccer, basketball, lax, baseball  jay basketball's presley hawthorne wins pnj athlete of the week award more in sports parkland anniversary: thoughts and prayers won’t stop these mass shootings the palm beach post editorial board  our fight to protect florida’s state parks isn’t over joe murphy  donald trump’s ‘gulf of america’ sets a harmful precedent | letters pensacola news journal/usa today network more in opinion 'coast-to-coast winter storm' brings weekend snow, sleet and rain  mega millions winning numbers for feb. 14: $145 million jackpot  who is the youngest best actress oscar winner? see how old she was more in trending the viral our place wonder oven is back on sale! save up to 30% this weekend  hoop...there it is: how to watch 2025 nba all star weekend  🪷now boarding: shop 'the white lotus' x away travel collab today more in shoppingenter today       vote every week!       enter today!       more in contestspensacon 2025 kickoffs day one in downtown pensacola l photos      desantis appoints 4 to pensacola state college board of trustees jay girls basketball enters region final with 'seasoned' underclassmen fiore flower shop helps spread the love on valentine’s day in pensacola      see behind the scenes of the fiore of pensacola flower shop on valentine’s day | video      about us staff directory corrections careers accessibility support sitemap legals public notice certification our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x enewspaper archivesjobs cars homes classifieds education shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.pnj.com. all rights reserved.