







	sterling








your browser is out of date. the site is optimized for ie 9 (not compatibility mode) and above, chrome 29, firefox 23 and safari 6.0.









 






















skip to content










 




        international - english





this site in other countries/regions:



select country to see regional site for sterling




中文





international - english





 deutsch





 日本語





español




 














 









toggle navigation 






aboutabout uslargo, fl visitor guidenewstrade showsconsultingsterling worldwideindustriesoverviewiolscontact lenseselectro-opticslathesoptoform 60optoform 80nanoform xautomationoptoload 500ancillariesblockersautomatic blockermanual blockerpolishersbladder polishersedge polisherstumbler polishersradial arm  polishers for  rgp lenseslateral arm  polishers for  rgp lensesmetrologyoptowave 40radiusgaugescontact gauge cgx-3 ledcontact gauge cgx-4 ledauto contact gauge cg-auto iilensmetersmicroscopeswet cellsoftwaremachine control softwaresoft power suitemold power suitediffsys cam softwareminigenoptocadoptoform path editorsupporttechnical support documentationmachine service scheduletrainingoptoform 40optoform 80mold powersuitesoft powersuiteminigenoptocadhardware upgrade pathscontactcontact sterling























                        contact lenses
                    




















                        iols
                    




















                        lens-molds
                    




















                        molds
                    


































sterling at a glance

sterling ultra precision is the world’s largest manufacturer of ultra-precision ophthalmic lathes for the production of contact lenses and intraocular lenses (iols).
our route to providing world-class lathe technology is the sterling-precitech partnership which began in 1991. this collaboration resulted in the introduction of the optoform® series and nanoform® series, the first line of cnc lathes to the contact lens and intraocular lens industries. today, the optoform brand is the industry standard and is used by every leading manufacturer of contact lenses and iols.
ametek precitech inc. manufactures the world’s most advanced ultra-precision machining centers used in electro-optics and precision mechanical component manufacturing for defense, aerospace, consumer optics and many other industries.


 

the optoload 500 automates the loading and unloading process for a single optoform lathe producing contact lenses or intraocular lenses. watch a video of the optoload 500 in action. 










events




january 15 - 18, 2025
gsls
global specialty lens symposium	
las vegas, nv, usa

april 10 - 12, 2025
cooc
congress of ophthalmology and optometry china
shanghai, china
april 10 - 12, 2025
efclin
european federation of the contact lens and iol industry
oslo, norway

september 12 - 16, 2025
escrs
european society of cataract & refractive surgeons
copenhagen, denmark



 








product spotlight

next generation two-axis, computer controlled contouring lathe designed for high speed manufacturing of contact lenses and intraocular lenses. when equipped with the fts 5000 fast tool servo, optoform 60 produces the world’s finest freeform lens designs.
read more





















 about



                                     about us

                            



                                     news

                            



                                     trade shows

                            



                                     consulting

                            



                                     sterling worldwide

                            






 industries



                                     overview

                            



                                     iols

                            



                                     contact lenses

                            



                                     electro-optics

                            






 lathes



                                     optoform 60

                            



                                     optoform 80

                            



                                     nanoform x

                            






 automation



                                     optoload 500

                            






 ancillaries



                                     blockers

                            



                                     polishers

                            






 metrology



                                     optowave 40

                            



                                     radiusgauges

                            



                                     lensmeters

                            



                                     microscopes

                            



                                     wet cell

                            






 software



                                     machine control software

                            



                                     soft power suite

                            



                                     mold power suite

                            



                                     diffsys cam software

                            



                                     minigen

                            



                                     optocad

                            



                                     optoform path editor

                            






 support



                                     technical support documentation

                            



                                     machine service schedule

                            



                                     training

                            



                                     hardware upgrade paths

                            






 contact



                                     contact sterling

                            









do not sell or share my personal information
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of use
sitemap
unsubscribe
trade shows
terms and conditions of sale


©2017 ametek.inc. all rights reserved.



























 maccms





×
















