


domestic violence education and training - daniel j sonkin, ph.d.








home | contact | about





psychotherapy (retired) 



continuing education
ebooks

perpetrator assessment/treatment
wounded boys/heroic men
learning to live without violence
aprender a vivir sin violencia


articles













welcome to my website. mental health professionals and the general public will find information about family violence and how i conduct psychotherapy with attachment and the neurosciences in mind. here you will find:

self-study, online interactive and live continuing education workshops for batterer intervention facilitators
over two dozen e-articles and ebooks to download for free
download learning to live without violence: a handbook for men
download aprender a vivir sin violencia: manual para hombres
wounded boys / heroic men: a man's guide to recovering from child abuse
purchase the domestic violence assessment and treatment manual


						
						 

						







latest publications & presentations



daniel sonkin




 





from reactivity to responsiveness: attachment theory in clinical practice
wounded boys/heroic men: a man's guide to healing from child abuse
want to feel more intimate this valentines day? boost your attachment security.
your text message made me feel ;-)?
can secure base priming enhance the effects of psychotherapy?
is this you or me that i am feeling? emotion contagion in close relationships
angst in the face of economic meltdown: how neurobiology and attachment theory can inform our response. 
she's leaving home (bye, bye): parent’s reactions to the college transition through the lens of attachment theory.
anger: attachment and neurobiological perspectives.

view more >
									 



retired marriage & family therapist

									author and speaker on domestic violence and attachment theory

									internationally recognized expert on family violence

									expert witness in criminal and civil trials

									distinquished clinical member of the california association of marriage and family therapists

									appeared on many television and radio programs, including the oprah winfrey show.















			copyright © 2014 daniel sonkin. all rights reserved. all photography by daniel sonkin.





