






chandeliers and custom lighting projects from bohemia, czech republic



























































 

chandeliers from bohemia – czech republic

								high quality standard at a reasonable price							



home
bespoke chandeliers and custom lighting projects
chandeliers 3d models
contact
cookies policy
czech
 





 

                                
			chandeliers from bohemia – czech republic                          
		











chandeliers for classic and modern interiors. our chandeliers can be found in hotel rooms, lobbies, restaurants, as well as in casinos, shops and office interiors. we tightly co-operate with designer studios and interior decorators throughout europe to whom we provide special services. in addition to the luminaires listed in the catalogue, we also offer custom-made lighting. in the case of large projects and at the request of our clients, we create 3d models of lights in cooperation with designers. the possibility of purchasing regular components of chandeliers is a matter of course. it is also possible (to a limited extent) to manufacture spare parts to customer specifications. on request, it is possible to arrange for the installation of the luminaires by the technicians directly at the customer’s place.
our offer of chandeliers can be found at the following web sites:
for german speaking customers: kronleuchter
contact:maximusmichal macekfrostova 335cz-109 00 prague 10czech republic
e-mail: sales@maximus.cz
phone number: +420 603 414 166
company id: 61835773
support opening hours
monday – friday: 9:00am – 6:00pm cetsaturday: 9:00am – 12:00am cet
offer for architects and interior designers
















we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




zavřít






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

vždy povoleno 



									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedélkapopiscookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional
 



									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance
 



									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics
 



									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement
 



									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others
 



									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












uložit a přijmout
















