




the day i was born online project - discovering  your place in history since 1999














the day i was born
sunday, february 16, 2025
online project - discovering  your place in history since 1999







skip navigationhomecan't find what you need?educational links & projectsfor studentsfun educational gamesnew pageother online projectsparticipating schoolsregister your classresultsteacher infothanks & recommendationsthe day i was born teachers storetranslatorcontact us



 



participating schools


prior to september 20, 2001.
after june 24, 2002
after september 20, 2001
...more




 



register your class



...more




 



results


online students results
class of '49
class of '54
...more




 







the purpose of this project is to use the internet
to find and share important & interesting information about 
what was happening in the world when you were born. 
   
you will collect............record..........and organize data 
put it all together & share it
with schools from around the world.

with your teacher's permission, you will become an author
of the first online, student researched history book ! 
a very warm welcome to our student researchers 
from 6 continents 
 
 to find out what was happening when you were born 
click here 
 
 teachers: 
we welcome you to use this project (or any part of it) with your students. 
 
there are no fees or obligations. 
please see the links to the left or right for more information.

 







just for you...technology lessons -- one for each week of the year



more learning fun


educational games



 

 



teacher info


pre and post content test:
printable project outline handout
project background
...more







 



student project intro


a step by step guide to using this project






 



other online projects


the day my parent was born
search me
ads r rong
...more




  









can't find what you need? google it! click inside the box, type in a keyword or words & click on 'google search'. to return to our website, click on the baby you'll see after you search.








 
 



 
 
 




 church website by e-zekiel




 

