

apricot systematic (14-aug-1997)








apricot systematic

informatica | goals |
        current hot items | branching
          out



if you were looking for apricot (asia pacific regional internet
    conference on operational technologies) then you need to go to http://www.apricot.net/

      if you are after information about
apricot office supplies and
        furniture you can find there at: http://www.apricotos.com/
      if you are after information about
      apricot computers
      then you probably want to go here instead:
        http://www.osemidlands.co.uk/


informatica
apricot systematic is a control division of scanner services, under rigellian auspices. where did this name
come from? read the  story if you are
curious. for the even more curious here is the current setup of apricot systematic.

 apricot systematic is an attempt at more of a
direction for ideas than a coherent organization to implement those
ideas. we give people whom we work with, and those who are simply
interested in our philosophies a way to see our goals,
participate in them, and hopefully benefit from them.  

we are bemused and saddened at the curious inconvenience
that our unfinished pages may give you.


goals

what are our goals? in the broadest sense apricot
systematic is devoted towards communication, human
communication. we believe that machines are simply a form of mirror or
lens that people can use between themselves and on themselves.
every program, every machine, no matter how abstract, arcane, or
seemingly removed from the common nature of human existence was
created to serve as a conduit for human interaction. even if it is
an old archaic cobol program written to count the number of
checks written on a bank in a month it shares this purpose.


we are here to explore communication with a focus towards how
computers are used as a medium of communication. please browse our
pages and think about our philosophy (unfortunately the meat of
the discussion is not yet online in a web-browsable format.)


current hot items

certain issues or things that we may consider interesting, important,
or fanciful and frequently biased will show up here. our goal is to
keep this list relatively short and recent.


 the communications decency
 have you ever had a cop inside your computer? you will...
 eff alerts
 the electronic frontier
foundation has a list of alerts that people should at least be
aware of. check this out at least once if you have not already.


let it be known that apricot systematic supports free
speech and opposes censorship of cyberspace.


suggestions for things to put on our hot list, changes to its
format and such can be sent to scanner@apricot.com


branching out
the apricot systematic pages try to follow some
sense of hiearchy at the upper most levels so that browsers on their
first exposures to these pages can follow some path that may interest
them. the idea is that as these pages evolve and gather more material
they will become more heavily interlinked at the lower levels.  
 in order to give you, the reader, some sort of structure to start
with, here are some branching points where you can either delve
further in what apricot systematic is trying to
provide, some local color that surrounds the people that have made up
apricot sysetmatic, or some of the sources of
inspiration and support that have shaped and been shaped by
apricot systematic.  

 philosophies
 apricot systematic is founded by a set of
philosophies. here you can find a syllabus and abstract of these
philosophies. the details of the beliefs, desires, and thoughts will
grow as you explore these pages (and as they are actually written,
which to a great extent at this time they are not.)
 projects
 the various projects that apricot systematic is
trying to get off the ground, or actually working on.
 related organizations
 links to organizations that somehow share our views, and with
whom we may have worked in some capacity or another.
 stories
 written by us and people with us.
 flavorful links
 links that we have found that we liked for one set of reasons or
another.
 scanner cinema
  a home theatre, or a way of socializing with our friends, a
chain of anime clubs?
 food stuffs
 one of our bonding forces has been the enjoyment of good company,
and food has served as a substrate for our sense of community.
 the hardware setup of apricot systematic
 the hardware base of apricot systematic is
attempting to be rather diverse so that we can test and support our
projects on several platforms.
 where the name came from
 where did we ever come up with the name apricot
systematic?









page maintainer: scanner@apricot.com


