







website hosting & support services - waasi, inc.









































































































































skip to content



toggle navigationhelp & supportcustomer portalcontactlogintoggle navigationweb hostingservicestech tipscontact ustoggle navigationhomeservicesportfolioweb hostingabout uscontacttech tipshelp & supportlogin1 (877) 443-1403
 







homelaura2024-04-14t21:21:43-07:00 
website hosting & support services we’ve got your back!

with decades of expertise in the web hosting industry, you can count on waasi to craft a custom-tailored digital presence that stands out. we ensure your online success is in good hands! waasi brings a wealth of experience and knowledge to every project. we blend technologies with our extensive experience to create solutions uniquely tailored to each customer’s needs. our goal is to provide you with the best possible experience as we help you establish a web presence that not only meets but exceeds your expectations and reaches its fullest potential.
testimonials
my company has used waasi to host our website for 12 years. during this time i have continuously received stellar customer service and very fast solutions to my questions. they helped me set up my blog and have assisted me through every technical project i have needed help with. the waasi team is very knowledgeable and capable and you will be proud to have them on your side. the internet can be a jungle and it’s great to have lions guiding you through.
jobee knight, nutrition breakthroughs
have had waasi as my hosting site for over 20 years. great performance for both my company as well as my clients. one of the best in the country, in my opinion, for service and technical assistance. a great value, 24/7 assistance, and a comfort factor of knowing your site is being well taken care of. there’s no fast talking or run arounds in this company. waasi is truly a first class, made in the usa company, with a strong work ethic to back it up. that’s why after 20 years i’m still with them.
john stribiak, artist
after talking with waasi in person, my decision to go with them in may 1999 was the best business decision i have made in my career. they are truly dedicated to their customers and are available to help 24/7. the good people at waasi are honest, helpful, knowledgeable, and professional. i’ve been with waasi for 15 years now and it just feels like family. if i need help with anything like hosting, e-commerce, designing a website, seos — or even just talking — they are always there! if you are planning on entering cyberspace or are looking for a professional, personal hosting company, then look no further than waasi. you will be pleased and surprised to find a company that treats their customers like family!
leon frechette, c.r.s., inc.
laura, with the successful launch of our website today, i want to thank you for the tremendous effort that you have put into making the site so wonderful. although your efforts are primarily behind the scene, the foundation that you laid to be able to implement the credit card solution so easily was amazing. the operating efficiency that the site offers will allow us to grow the company rapidly. les, john and i are already planning the next stages. we are excited to work with you to take our company to the next level.
steve, creative castings, inc.as your business grows, it’s essential to keep up with the latest tools and resources. waasi provides a complete range of web hosting solutions tailored for businesses that need more than just a website. our entry-level solutions have the tools you need to maximize productivity and boost growth – all without having to worry about website downtime due to soft quotas on shared server accounts. plus, our shared hosting packages serve as an ideal entry point — you can start small and upgrade anytime when necessary — while our virtual private servers & dedicated servers promise higher performance capabilities once you reach new levels of success. enjoy convenient features such as online store building, social media integration, anywhere access to email accounts, and managing sub-domains with ease! waasi keeps pace with technology advances so its services stay relevant over time – giving businesses just what they need when they need it most.

startup
e-commerce, wordpress, joomla! & sitepad ready

full-service email @yourdomain (pop, imap, and webmail)

auto install 380+ web applications

10 gb disk space

30 gb bandwidth
$14.95 usd per month
order startuppremium
e-commerce, wordpress, joomla! & sitepad ready

full-service email @yourdomain (pop, imap, and webmail)

auto install 380+ web applications

20 gb disk space

60 gb bandwidth
$21.95 usd per month
order premiumvps intro
turn-key ready

full-service email @yourdomain (pop, imap, and webmail)

unlimited domains

interworx control panel

100 gb disk space

256 gb bandwidth

full access to all softaculous apps
$99.00 usd per month
order vps intro
web hosting featuresaccount control panele-mail featuresdatabase & utilitiese-commercesocial mediavpsaccount control panel
access account controls such as multiple control panel users, email accounts, and databases, and get access to over 380 one-click install programs. assign unique control panel access to users giving them limited access to account controls.
easily install wordpress and other blogging software; phpbb and other forum software; and joomla! or other content management systems. add a shopping cart solution such as clickcartpro, woocommerce, zen cart, and more.
manage website backups easily from the control panel whenever you need it.
remotely access & manage files with the file manager inside the control panel. upload and download files, edit them, change permissions, and even unzip compressed files.
easily apply password protection to directories right from the file manager in the control panel.
point multiple domain names to your website. for example, if your domain is www.yourdomain.com and you also have www.yourdomain.us, by using a domain pointer you can have www.yourdomain.us directed to www.yourdomain.com.
e-mail features
set up an unlimited number of email accounts for use with your domain name. email received in these accounts can be retrieved using the mail program of your choice, such as microsoft outlook, thunderbird, and apple mail, and through webmail.
set up email responders to reply to incoming email automatically. an email responder will email a standard response (based on the text you specify) to anyone who sends email to a specific alias address (which you specify) at your domain.
turn on and off vacation messages through webmail in each email account. set up email groups to forward messages to multiple email addresses.
configure email filtering from the control panel using spamassassin. for those needing a more robust solution, including access to mail logs for the domain, consider upgrading to spam experts.
database & utilities
add a mysql database to run the application of your choice.
set up cron jobs, right from your control panel, to run tasks at exact times.
configure .htaccess for security, redirects, seo, and more.
install a free let’s encrypt ssl with the click of a button or add a specific ssl certificate to your site. either will enable an encrypted connection.
view raw access logs that contain information about your website’s visitors and the content they accessed. view error logs to display recent issues that may affect your website, which is helpful to find and fix broken links and misconfigured web applications.
e-commerceeasily add your favorite 3rd-party shopping cart solution to your website, such as clickcartpro, woocommerce, or cs-cart to name a few.
stay connected by using the built-in features of your online store to sell gift cards, recover abandoned carts, and get real-time shipping and fulfillment. integrate social media plug-ins to allow visitors to share information about your products and services on their social media outlets.social mediaintergrate social media feeds into your online store, blog, news site, or article site.
add prominent social sharing links to your pages, products, and services. integrate social widgets on your website to display feeds and videos. allow a social login option, add a social media commenting system, and showcase social reviews and shoutouts.vpsstep up to turnkey vps solutions as your business expands.
vps offers you the ability and flexibility to customize the operating system in an isolated and secure environment so you can install almost any software that runs on the operating system.
the interworx control panel is a server management system providing vps administrators with tools to command the server easily and oversee the website’s operations.
want more full-featured administrative support from our staff? simply add ‘administration assistance‘ by the hour or on a monthly recurring plan.




 
 
support
knowledge basetrouble ticketsnetwork statusspam experts loginspam furnace loginservices
web hostingit admin servicesdomain namesportfoliotech tips
computersinternetscamssocial mediatoggle navigationhomeservicesportfolioweb hostingabout uscontacttech tipshelp & supportlogin© copyright 2025 |   waasi, inc. | all rights reserved
about usprivacy policyterms and conditions

 
 
page load link






go to top




