


overview













































































discover the wide range of mercedes-benz new, demonstration and used vehicles as well as the latest service offers.
hey, we have noticed that you turned off your javascript. in order to provide you the best experience, please turn it on!









copyright
mercedes-benz group (uk) privacy policy


legal notices


publication details


                    
                
                    registered name, address & company number.
                    provider:
 
cruickshank motors limited
2 penman way,
grove park,
leicester,
leicestershire,
le19 1st
 
registered company number: 01837492
 
@copyright mercedes-benz group ag


mercedes-benz group (uk) privacy policy

to view our full privacy policy please use the link below:





legal notices
                    
                
                    copyrights.
                    copyright mercedes-benz group ag. all rights reserved. the text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on mercedes-benz group internet sites are all subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. these objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites. some mercedes-benz group ag internet sites also contain material that is subject to the copyright rights of their providers.




                
                    product variations.
some of the product information, illustrations and images contained on this internet site may have been prepared for generic use on mercedes-benz group internet sites maintained in different countries around the world. consequently, some of the information and/or accessories which are not available in some countries or which, in order to satisfy local market demand or regulatory controls in such countries, may only be available in different specifications or configurations.
 
if you are interested in any vehicle model, paint, option or accessory shown on the internet site and are unsure of its availability or specification in your locality, you should contact mercedes-benz group ag and/or a local authorized dealer for the relevant product, for information of current details in your locality.
 
mercedes-benz cars uk ltd. are tuv certified and adhere to iso 9001 quality standards.



                
                    prices.
                    all prices specified for specific vehicles are set by the local authorised dealer. prices are current at the time of publication and subject to individual negotiation and change by the local authorised dealer without notice.
 
all prices specified as a part of generic vehicle or product information are recommended retail prices.  prices are current at the time of publication an subject to change without notice.  

                
                    trademarks.
unless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on mercedes-benz group ag internet sites are subject to the trademark rights of mercedes-benz group ag, this applies especially to its model name plates, and its corporate logos and emblems.

                
                    no licences.
mercedes-benz group ag has thought to achieve an innovative and informative internet site. we hope that you will be as enthusiastic as we are about this creative effort. however, you also need to understand that mercedes-benz group ag must protect their intellectual property, including their patents, trademarks and copyrights. accordingly, you are hereby on notice that neither this internet site, nor any material contained therein shall in any way grant or be taken to grant any person a license to mercedes-benz group ag’s intellectual property.


                
                    cautions regarding forward-looking statements.
internet pages, investor relations releases, annual and interim reports, outlooks, presentations, audio and video files of events (live or recorded) and other documents on this website contain among other things forwardlooking statements that reflect management´s current views with respect to future events. the words "anticipate," "assume," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "project" and "should" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: an economic downturn in europe or north america; changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and in raw material prices; introduction of competing products; increased sales incentives; the successful implementation of the new business model for smart; and decline in resale prices of used vehicles. if any of these or other risks and uncertainties occur (some of which are described under the heading "risk report" in mercedes-benz group ag´s most recent annual report and under the heading "risk factors" in mercedes-benz group ag’s most recent annual report on form 20-f filed with the securities and exchange commission), or if the assumptions underlying any of these statements prove incorrect, then actual results may be materially different from those expressed or implied by such statements. we do not intend or assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date on which it is made.


                
                    no warranties or representations.
                    the information on this internet site is provided by mercedes-benz group ag "as is" and to the extent permitted by law, is provided without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, or non infringement. while the information provided is believed to be accurate, it may include errors or inaccuracies.

                
                    links to external sites.
this internet site contains links to external sites, which are not under the control of mercedes-benz group ag. therefore we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site. mercedes-benz group ag is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by mercedes-benz group ag of the linked site.
 
any content on this site (www.mercedes-benz.co.uk) relating to finance is provided by mercedes-benz financial services uk limited, tongwell, mk15 8ba. mercedes-benz financial services uk limited is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority in respect of regulated consumer credit activity.





















































































