








hoist rings & lifting points - american drill bushing







































































































call: 800.423.4425

search for:




navigation

american drill bushing
industry's leading manufacturer of safety lifting devices



home
mainhome
about us

the adb advantage


products & services

products
build your own
request a catalog
request a quote
cad model library
videos


safety & certs

faqs
compliance certificate


blog
contact us
 
return to content

































safety engineeredhoist eye 360heavy duty hoist ring




build your owncad modelsvideos














 

revolutionizing hoist rings and the lifting industry by providingsafe and innovative products, on time.

 
latest news

check us out on facebook at
https://www.facebook.com/americandrillbushing/

upcoming events

check back later, we will be posting new
updates soon!

faqs

how to build special hoist ring part numbers and explanation of options
1. what is the safe operating temperature of hoist rings? 
-20f to 400f for alloy steel and 800f maximum operating temperature for stainless steel   for temperatures lower than -20f, please contact the adb engineering department.
2. can hoist rings be used for fall protection?  
yes.  typically a 10:1 factor of safety is required but make sure you refer to your local and state safety and fall protection regulations regarding capacity requirements.
3. can hoist rings be made with special threads?
yes. adb can customize any thread length or type to meet order specifications.
4. can i go through a plate and put a nut on the end? 
yes. adb recommends using adb provided nut and washers for through hole applications. adb can also customize the bolt / thread length to pass through plates or through holes.
5. how frequently do i need to inspect hoist rings? 
it depends on the application.  refer to asme b30.26-rigging hardware, for reference.
6. how many times can i torque the bolt before i need to replace it? 
adb hoist rings do not require enough torque to cause any permanent deformation.
7. how short can you make the thread and still maintain the capacity? 
it depends on the tensile strength of the mating material, provide adb the tensile strength and we will tell you the minimum engagement. 
8. what happens if i shock load the unit? 
any unit that is shock loaded must be taken out of service as this may have caused permanent damage and must be inspected by qualified inspector to determine if it should be replaced or can be reused. 
9. can hoist rings be galvanized? 
we can cold/mechanical galvanize. hot dipped is not recommended as it requires approx. 450 degrees f to apply.
10. does the rated load have a design factor? 
yes. 5:1 (meaning that the product will destruct at 5 times the “wll” working load limit 
11. is the rated load in all directions?  
yes. hoist rings retain its working load limit capacity from 0-90 degrees. 
12. can i put a spacer underneath the hoist ring? 
no. adb can customize a hoist ring to meet requirements to meet clearance situations.
13. what is the material of the hoist rings?
4140 alloy steel or 300 series stainless steel
14. what plating options other than standard black oxide do you offer?  
electroless nickel, cadmium, clear zinc, yellow zinc, titanium-cadmium
15. how many times can i use a hoist ring until i need to replace it?  
this depends on the severity of use. however they are tested and designed to meet 20,000 cycles under normal operating conditions. 
16. does your product come with a certificate of compliance? 
a standard certificate of compliance can be added upon request.  our standard certificate specifies the material properties, design factor, inspection and industry standards and is available at www.adbhoistrings.com.  if there are any special inspection or testing requirements you must specify what type of certificate you’re looking for. 
17. does each hoist ring get proof tested?
adb proof loads test *each hoist ring to 200% of its working load limit and it is held for 3 seconds. (* hoist rings up to a wll of 30,000 lbs.) any hoist rings with a wll above 30,000 lbs. can be load tested upon request and are considered a special order. stainless steel orders are proof load tested to 150% of its working load limit and it is held for 3 seconds. any unit needing different load testing requirements can be ordered as a special. each hoist ring proof tested is tagged with the certificate of proof test on the units attached product label.
18. how do i determine the screw thread class?
for imperial unit threads: 3a for diameters through 1″. 2a for diameters larger than 1″
for metric threads: 5g6g for diameters through m36, 6g for diameters m42 and larger


































































































 

why adb hoist rings

swivel hoist rings were developed to overcome the deficiencies of eye-bolts as a result of angular loading. unlike eye-bolts, the hoist ring design provides the ability to pivot 180° and swivel 360°. this compensates for load pitch, roll, or sway when lifting unbalanced loads. adb is the originator of the safety-engineered hoist ring. we’ve strived to provide reliability since 1964. adb hoist ring cad models are readily available at www.adbhoistrings.com. our knowledgeable staff of engineers can be consulted for customizations or technical questions.

read more





 
 
 



 















home
about us
blog
site map
legal
contact us
 © adbhoistrings.com
5740 hunt road, valdosta, ga, 31606
phone: 800-423-4425   fax: 229-253-8929
 
















































