







pennsylvania trout guide






















































        
          
            mike heck's trout guides
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















              home
            

            stream conditions
          

            my guide services
          

            stream reports
          

            mhtg blog
          

        contact me
      



            shop
          

            book mike now
          
























































cart
















0











homestream conditionsmy guide servicesstream reportsmhtg blogcontact me





                
                  
                    mike heck's trout guides
                  
                
              




shopbook mike now









scroll








fly fishing guide for south central pennsylvania




    guide services
  




    buy my flies, leaders, and books
  




    book my trip!
  

 









mike heck: professional trout guide, author, and fly tyerthe falling springs, letort, yellow breeches, big springs are just a few of the many famous trout streams south central, pennsylvania has to offer.  toss in the numerous wild brook trout and stocked trout streams the area has and you have miles upon miles of trout streams within minutes of each other.  













welcome to mike heck’s trout guides. i’m mike heck the owner and i am endorsed by t&t rods, scientific angler, regal vise, solarez & daiichi hooks. i’ve been fly fishing for more than forty years, and i’ve been a professional guide/instructor for over thirty years  i'm certified by the american red cross in cpr and first aid. you may have read some of my articles in fly fisherman magazine, american angler, fish & fly and mid–atlantic fly fishing guide.  i'm the author of "spring creek strategies" and a contributing author of “keystone fly fishing”.  i have also been featured in the show called "road trip"   which was on the discovery channel, europe.  i'm also a pro staff member for regal vises, and pro member of performance flies.













in here you will find all sorts of useful information. if you are planning a trip to south central pennsylvania, you can find up-to-date stream reports for the falling springs, letort and yellow breeches and other lesser known streams. if new to fly fishing i offer beginner classes with equipment that will put you on the right track, or maybe you need to learn where to find the wary trout that are found in our spring creeks. for this, i offer year round guiding on the falling springs, letort and yellow breeches as well as some other excellent south central pa streams and will show you how and where to find these trout and techniques and flies used to catch these wild trout.  come late spring, you can join me and fly fish many other area streams that offer the best native brook and wild brown trout fishing there is to offer.  many of these streams are hidden in the beautiful appalachian mountain range so don't forget the camera!  













i offer flies for trout, salmon and steelhead through mail order.   all flies are individually packaged in plastic canisters and labeled.   all orders are sent ups or usps, and there is no shipping or handling charges. so, browse around, i hope you find what you need. 








welcome



about












(717) 321-5160
fallingsprings@outlook.com


hours




contact mefacebook




 ©2020 mike heck 









