




sacramento valley crime stoppers


































           sacramento valley crime stoppers
welcome

animal abuse

missing person
  cases  
crime of the week

wanted suspects

unsolved crimes

still on the run

cold case homicides

success stories
    sponsors  
support us

sponsors

friends of crime stoppers
    about  
how it works

about us

history

school program

news & events

statistics

external links

contact us

private area

admin     
     submit a tip   tip follow-up   download the mobile app      welcome   submit a tip   tip follow-up   mobile app   sacramento valley crime stoppers is a successful crime-fighting tool that encourages members of the community to assist local law enforcement agencies in the fight against crime. we overcome thekey elements that inhibit community involvement: fear and apathy. we encourage citizens to volunteer vital information helpful to law enforcement agencies in the fight against crime.
the community provides anonymous tips by calling 1-800-aa-crime, using the p3 mobile app, or through this web site.
sacramento valley crime stoppers es una herramienta exitosa para combatir el crimen que alienta a los miembros de la comunidad a ayudar a las agencias policiales locales en la lucha contra el crimen. superamos los elementos clave que inhiben la participación comunitaria: el miedo y la apatía. alentamos a los ciudadanos a que brinden información vital útil a las agencias de aplicación de la ley en la lucha contra el crimen.
la comunidad proporciona sugerencias anónimas llamando al 1-800-aa-crime, utilizando la aplicación móvil p3 o mediante este sitio web.


we have 7 places to become a crime stopper!  wanted suspects unsolved crimes  crime of the week   cold case homicides animal abuse   still on the run    missing persons
ifyour tip leads to an arrest- you may earn a cash reward up to $1,000. call1-800-aa-crime between 12 & 1 pm (pst) any tuesday to check for any pending rewards. 

your donation could help get adangerous criminal off the streets
sacramentovalley crime stoppersin a non-profit organization, 501 (c) (3) registered with the secretary of state of california. sacramento valley crime stoppers is affiliated with crime stoppers usa.


in 2024, the board of directors has thus far authorized $11,000in cash rewards!

wish to donate? 
use our paypal link - donate here

effective 05.02.23 the sacramento valley crime stoppers board of directors voted unanimously that all rewards issued will be valid for one year from the date of issue. all previously approved rewards will expire one year from todays date, 05.02.23. if a tipster attempts to claim a reward after one year, the crime stoppers coordinator will validate the tipster's reward and present it to the board to allow or deny the reward for an additional year.          

 sponsor  like and followus on facebook, instagram and twitter

please note a criminal charge is an accusation. the defendant or suspect is assumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

tenga en cuenta que un cargo penal es una acusación. se supone que el acusado o sospechoso es inocente a menos que y hasta que se demuestre su culpabilidad.


         sacramento valley crime stoppers navigate360 © 2025 all rights reserved    







loading...


                                            loading... 
                                        

ok













loading...


                                             loading...
                                        

close



















