



  


tony spencer





















loading


menu




tony spencer



menu


 about


 skills


 work


 curriculum vitae


 contact


© 2014 tony spencer



















tony spencer 



entrepreneur,


online marketer,


software architect & team builder


from raleigh






let's connect

 
 













about me







howdy
i'm part marketer, and part software architect with a penchant for building great teams. above all i'm thoroughly infected with the entrepreneurial virus.
i'm currently an independent marketer focusing on generating high volume, high value lead generation via seo as well as running two ecommerce businesses including spruce cbd. previously i was heading up the engineering team, content marketing team, and sales for a global boutique search marketing agency ayima.
lastly, i'm quite the baby whisperer (thanks dr. karp).















where i excel

 


 contact me






content marketing



software architect



offshore team builder





management



data collection



biz dev









my work






"your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. and the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - steve jobs









 work



lead gen guy
 notsleepy llc
built my ultimate dream data cave and back at it mining the web for gems. setup a proper office at loading dock raleigh... suite h on the ground floor if you're stopping by.
									




 august 2016 - current




us director
 ayima
sales- responsible for generating seven figures of revenue within the first year of launching the us office.
vp of engineering - built and manage a remote team of talented developers in poland. built and maintain large proprietary seo analysis and prospecting/outreach applications and systems used daily by over 100 staff.
link building team - built and manage a team of over 20 content marketers and copywriters in our raleigh, nc office.


 january 2009 - august 2016





independent entrepreneur of anything fun
 notsleepy, llc
								
								i developed my first appetite for generating income from search engines right around the time google was starting to make a name for itself in the valley. i remember seeing the billboards on the 101 south as i drove from san francisco to my software development startup gig in redwood city. working from my hayes valley flat i began to make some significant income as an affiliate by optimizing for alta vista and yahoo. in a matter of months that income became greater than my day job so i quit, moved to raleigh, and setup an office. since then i've built scores of web businesses. as is the case with all entrepreneur ventures most flop, but a few have been stellar. 





 october 1999 - current






 education



bachelor of science, computer engineering
 north carolina state university
certified eit by nc board of examiners for engineers











you can find me











tony spencer

							1053 e whitaker mill rd, suite 115-h
							
							raleigh, nc 27604
							
p: (919) 780-4396
						




name



email address



message




 submit
								













							© notsleepy, llc 2019 | g+




 
 






  









