












welcome to jude ministries









home | doctrines | studies | surveys | theology | asides | about jude ministries | contact us | blog | news | god's great gift 

jude 3
beloved, while i was very diligent to write to you concerning our common salvation, i found it necessary to write to you exhorting you to contend earnestly for the faith which was once for all delivered to the saints.
nkjv 






 
what god says?

 


the new web site

new studies, especially...
  new indepth theological studies,
  ...  
new look --
mostly css structured, but
the blog
for the "techies," php, mysql, ... 
 more



new survey of church history 
too many christians are overcome by sin, false cults and teachings, and a general apathy for the things of god -- all because they fail to understand the need to continually fight for the christian doctrines -- to contend for the faith once delivered. what this outreach believes is that each and every christian needs to light the fire of love for jesus in their own hearts and then attempt to light the fires of others. this includes the need to learn and apply the doctrines of the bible in our daily lives.


thank you for your prayers

a note about my health and the website updates
 




welcome to jude ministries
the church of jesus christ suffers because few of its members recognize the difference between sound doctrine and false teachings. the mission of jude ministries is to promote the need for good, solid biblical teaching in the church. this teaching must be based upon the proposition that the bible is the word of god. and, to the proposition that we should be fighting to not only preserve this word, but to spread it, teach it, eat it, breath it, and otherwise live it in our daily walk. 
jude ministries is dedicated to the proclaiming of the gospel of jesus christ. jesus is the only bridge to god and our path to heaven. christians have lost the fire for the need to spread this salvation message. it is the hope of this web site to touch lives with the only message of eternal importance.
thanks for visiting us. may god richly bless your spiritual journey.

 

looking to download the studies?
go here >>>  

 


come in and browse


some of our new studies: 
 the sermon on the mount
isaiah
church history
renewing your mind
the state of faitha study on holiness

indepth verse studies
check out our new list of indepth studies on one or two verses or a paragraph.  some examples are:
salvation 
dispensationalism -- is there a progressive plan? 
the passover and salvation 
genesis 1 --  creation and a gap? 
women in the church 

if you have something special you would like to see, or would like my opinion on a given topic, send me an email. thanks to those of you who have dropped me a note from time to time.
need a teacher or seminar?


churches or
            ministries
need
              web site help?
            have a question?
contact us 

   



more about john calvin at calvin 500

 
searches, polls & more
site search

search

search

   
 
 
bible search 



 
monthly poll

free palestine






yes





sure






view archived polls 






this page printed from http://www.judeministries.org//index.php.



copyright © 2001-2025 james g. arthur and jude ministries
    jude ministries website privacy statement   
    comments or questions? 
    
email us
  february 19, 2025


interested in web standards and compliance?  you can validate this page at the links below, 
    but see comments in the blog (topic - web site) about why some (most) pages will not validate.
xhtml      css 

 



