










homepage - fifth avenue committee





















































skip to content








contact us donate 
meet fac

who we are
staff & board
race, equity, diversity and inclusion
our supporters
financials
fac strategic plan
newsletters & reports
fac in the press


our programs

adult education
affordable housing
organizing & advocacy
community services
affordable solar
workforce development
south brooklyn brownfield opportunity area
tenant organizing & advocacy
first time homebuyer education and counseling
homeowner services and foreclosure prevention counseling


our affiliates & partners

affiliates

brooklyn workforce innovations
neighbors helping neighbors


partners

neighborworks america
hispanic federation
national association for latino community asset builders




get involved

ways to give
careers
volunteer
upcoming events
past events


 







×





contact us donate 







fifth avenue committee (fac) 
advancing economic, social, and racial justice in new york city through affordable housing, grassroots organizing, policy advocacy, and transformative education and social services. 



subscribe for resources and program updates fac & nhn office hours 





watch our 45th anniversary video


 








affordable housing options for low-income nyc residents
fac develops, preserves, and manages affordable housing for low and moderate-income new yorkers. we've built or renovated over 1,400 units, with 2,000 more in our development pipeline.







tenant advocacy and organizing for stable affordable housing 
we provide eviction prevention services, legal referrals, and support for tenant associations. fac empowers hundreds of tenants annually to advocate for their rights and participate in policy change.








adult education programs
our adult education programs offer ged prep, english language courses, digital literacy training, and our bridge program, which provides contextualized instruction to prepare students to enter workforce development programs with our affiliate, brooklyn workforce innovations. we serve over 1,000 adults annually, helping them improve their skills and access better job opportunities.







community services
fac's community services program fights poverty by connecting low and moderate-income new yorkers with public benefits, financial coaching, and support services. we assist over 1,000 individuals each year.







workforce development
fac’s adult education program offers our bridge program, tailored to workforce needs, preparing participants for career training and better employment opportunities. our focus is on improving language and math skills for career advancement. program graduates enter sector-specific workforce development programs with our affiliate, brooklyn workforce innovations.







barrio solar
barrio solar provides financial and technical assistance to low- and moderate-income homeowners to help them install solar panels in their homes. the program helps lower upfront costs, reduces electricity expenses, and combats climate change.







homeownership programs
our programs help low- and moderate-income new yorkers access and sustain homeownership, building generational wealth. we provide education and counseling for first-time homebuyers and homeowners at risk of mortgage foreclosure. 







south brooklyn boa nomination study
this initiative has engaged community stakeholders to assess and plan for the transformation of brownfields and underutilized sites in brooklyn's community board 7. the goals of the planning process are development without displacement, public land for public good, and connected communities.








south brooklyn accountable development initiative (sbadi)
sbadi empowers community members to shape their neighborhoods' future by organizing and advocating for sustainable development. we promote economic, social, and environmental justice in south brooklyn.















together, we advance economic, social, and racial justice in our communities
fifth avenue committee (fac) works to transform the lives of over 5,500 low- and moderate-income new yorkers annually so that we can all live and work with dignity and respect while making our community more equitable, sustainable, inclusive, and just.












fac news





fifth avenue committee 2024 annual report
we are honored to share fifth avenue committee ’ s 2024 annual report. with your support this year, we continued our work to create a more just, sustainable, inclusive, and equitable new york city.






events


do you have questions about court hearings? ice appointments? asylum?

every wednesday, south brooklyn sanctuary and fifth avenue committee will host an immigration rights workshop that will share information about the legal system that you can take back to your community.

join us at the fac community center located at 621 degraw street, brooklyn ny, 11217.


 join neighbors helping neighbors' (nhn) intro to homebuying workshop on wednesday, february 5th from 7 pm to 8:30 pm. nhn will be joined by michael alamia of citibank and realtor rashèedah (rb) brown to discuss the homebuying process and ways that a housing counselor can help you achieve your goals.
read more 

join neighbors helping neighbors as they host the urban homesteading assistance board (uhab) at their intro to limited equity co-ops workshop on tuesday, february 11th at 6 pm to discuss the history of hdfc’s in nyc. these extremely affordable homes for purchase are often a great step towards affordable housing and a first wrung on the way to financial stability in this city.
read more 




 








 

fifth avenue committee621 degraw street
brooklyn, ny 11217


t: 718.237.2017
f: 718.237.5366



 

 

 





contact us
careers
privacy policy


get the latest fac news!
sign up
© 2019 fifth avenue committee


follow us






 

© 2019 fifth avenue committee






 


en				


 
es					          

ar					          

zh					          
en 














