


craps:dice control for casino craps











craps:dice control for casino craps







	 

dice
control for casino craps/gambling disciples of god

dice control is the only way to beat craps in the long run. learn to
control perfect dice on 
casino craps tables. 2.38%-9.5% craps player's  advantage
over the house. guaranteed long-run win. application of dice control to the game of craps
makes craps a game of skill.  
 
 




craps home

craps contents

craps diagram

dice control

application

throwing



dice grips

pick-ups

bet size

craps dice sets

craps master

craps skill



disciples

craps systems

trouble

expected win

craps rules

craps history



craps odds

craps pass bet

craps place bets

craps buy bet

free odds bet

craps field bet



craps lay bet

craps come bet

proposition bets

slots home

slots contents

slots diagrams





slots evolution

slots data

slots facts

slots explanation

slots theory

slots method



slots play

slots accuracy

slots dynamics

slots optimization

slots language

slots target



slots mistakes

slots history

slots types


disciples pt.ii

gambler&mythology

roulette history



roulette rules

roulette systems

baccarat history

baccarat rules

baccarat systems

keno history



keno rules

keno play

blackjack history

blackjack rules

basic strategy

expectations



card counting

efficiency

betting spread

shoe penetration

new blackjack

hole card






bingo history


bingo basics

bingo rules

bingo games

bingo odds

lottery history





horse racing history

horse racing types

horse races


horse racing betting

handicapping


horse racing glossary



horse racing rules

greyhound program


greyhound handicapping

greyhound betting

greyhound grading

greyhound 
	glossary



greyhound rules

greyhound history

jai alai glossary

jai alai history

jai alai rules

jai alai betting



football history


football point spread


football handicapping

football betting

football rules

football glossary




poker history

poker betting

poker outs

poker pot 
	odds

poker position


poker free card strategy



poker overcards

poker overpair

holdem poker rules



holdem poker glossary


cards

monte carlo




gambling history

order

links
 
 
 



 



the book

dice control for casino craps/gambling
disciples of god   by   yuri
kononenko
 dicesetter.com -" dice control for casino craps -
the "bible" for dice influencers" (books section)
currently available at
amazon.com
    
first book in the history of craps,
man and world that teaches you
how to control the perfect dice 
on 
casino craps
tables. when you control the dice you change the
odds in favor of a player. you become a guaranteed
winner in a long run. 
the game of craps becomes a game of skill.
all previous craps books offered only useless and worthless systems. all
systems and "strategies" are mathematical losers, because they are different combinations of losing bets, carrying the
percentages against a player. every craps bet is a
losing bet, because it has a built-in percentage
against a player (it comes from the difference between the correct odds and the payoff
ratios). to get a winning result in a long-run from a combination of losing bets is as
impossible as to get a positive sum by adding negative numbers - no matter what the
combinations you'll  juggle the negative numbers into, a sum will still be a negative
number. a player playing any craps system is a guaranteed long-run loser due to the house
percentage against him.
the main argument
of the craps system authors is - you can come out a
winner in a playing session, if you'll play a "good" system and exercise smart
money management (and if you'll get "lucky"- to get "lucky" means to catch
"hot streaks", which are nothing but the favorable fluctuations in the dice
total frequencies, before the house percentage kills your bankroll); "take the money and
run"! sometimes it happens - most of the time it doesn't, because "hot"
rolls are rare and the house percentage works against a player from the first moment till
the last one in every playing session. the house percentage guarantees that every session
you won is followed by many sessions you lost. that's why the system authors never say
anything about what to do next after that winning session. should you stay away from the
game for the rest of your life in order to keep your few bucks? because if you'll come
back for another session and another one and so on, you'll be in a long-run gambling,
where the house percentage rules with an iron hand eroding gambler's bankroll with the
certainty of death and taxes. it makes sure that at the end all system players -"right" and
"wrong" ones - die broke. 
application of dice control to craps combining controlled throw, correct
dice arrangements and correct
betting reverses the present scenario and gives a player
a percentage against the house. it makes the house a guaranteed long-run loser. our book will give you the edge in 
your real money craps playing, be it playing online or in land based casinos. 

        
    learn:


theory, methods and elements of dice control
    

2 methods of dice control 

"positive" controlled shots versus
    "percentage" throws in the history of dice control

4 casino requirements for the throw of the dice

theory of  craps controlled throw including its 2 basic
    principles and 8 characteristics. find out what the one and only possible controlled throw
    is 


when the perfect dice behave like the "percentage" dice

the art of controlled throwing  including 3 stages of
    throwing 

throwing craps dice grips versus pick-up grips


distribution of the finger pressure over the dice 
	to achieve better dice control

7 professional dice grips for dice control including the
    "ideal" dice grip 

3 correct craps dice pick-ups for controlled throwing 
	when you apply dice control

2 ways of throwing 

2 correct body stances for controlled throwing - learn to stand at
    the craps table

correct hip and upper body movements for controlled throwing in
    craps for better dice control

correct shoulder and elbow movements for controlled throwing 
	to improve your dice control

correct thumb, finger and wrist movements for controlled throwing
    including the thumb and finger movements that separate the men from the boys at the craps
    table 

coordination of all movements and execution of craps controlled
    throw to perfect dice control

correct breathing, mental concentration and psychological
    self-control necessary for dice control

training exercises for craps dice grips, dice pick-ups,
    coordination of all movements and 8 characteristics of craps controlled throw. training
    equipment – one pair of the dice 

theory of craps dice arrangements including 6 correct dice
    arrangements for dice control. learn how to arrange the dice correctly in one second 


how craps dice arrangements supported by craps controlled throw
    change the odds in favor of a craps player and make dice control possible

craps dice pick-ups with dice arrangements 
	required by dice control

application of dice control to the game of craps 

how a master shooter wins his/her game using dice control

craps correct betting including 16 bets that give a player the
    advantages of 2.38%-9.5% over the house for a guaranteed long-run win. every bet requires
    a specific dice arrangement and an execution of controlled throw in order to give a player
    an advantage


craps expected long-run win expressed as a number of betting units
    

craps likely win 

craps risk for a short playing session


comparison of all correct bets based on the expected win to risk
    ratio (ex.w/r)

craps bankroll and correct bet size. the connection between
    correct bet size and risk 

difference between the gamblers and gambling punks 

diagram for schematic presentation of dice control theory and
    application 

interdependency of craps controlled throwing, dice arranging and
    betting in dice control

what the game of craps, your marriage and your life have in common

dice control troubleshooting including 8 possible problems and
    ways to correct them instantly during the game 

how to become a true gambling disciple of god and acquire the
    power over the dice unknown to gambling fools

craps "artist" versus a craps "
    shooter"

craps history from early dice games to modern dice control

basics of craps

inner nature of a craps bet


craps rules and personnel

dice control as a science and an art
……. and much more of hardcore craps!




the book is written for beginners and experienced
players. this fundamental 161 pages work includes 29 chapters, 54 photographs, 31 drawings, 24 tables and one diagram. 

copyright © 1998 by progress publishing co.
isbn  0-9618404-8-x
click  contents to read table of
  contents. click    diagram to see the
schematic presentation of    dice control theory and  application. click  order to order the book.


   
     
                                                                                                  


casino craps  online 
pokies 
behtaj.com 
peace.wefree.us 
education.behtaj.com

for advertisement 
and link exchange 

contact:: 
links@crapsdicecontrol.com

copyright © 
1998 by progress
publishing co.






