


























home page | umass office of the president












      skip to main content
    









university of massachusetts presidents office








utility navigation


directory


careers


log in






academic affairs, student affairs & equityboard of trusteesbudget officecommunicationscontrollerenterprise risk management programfacilities & operationsgovernment affairshuman resourcesinformation technology servicesinnovation and operational servicesinternal auditoffice of the general counselpayrolltravel and expensetreasurerunified procurement services team










main navigation


about


organization


reports and initiatives




utility nav mobile


directory


careers


log in






academic affairs, student affairs & equityboard of trusteesbudget officecommunicationscontrollerenterprise risk management programfacilities & operationsgovernment affairshuman resourcesinformation technology servicesinnovation and operational servicesinternal auditoffice of the general counselpayrolltravel and expensetreasurerunified procurement services team























 












welcome


















the university of massachusetts is a world-class public research university committed to advancing knowledge and transforming lives. umass is renowned for the quality of its academic programs, the scope and impact of its research, and the strength of its public service mission.

the umass president’s office, helmed by umass president marty meehan, provides leadership, financial management, and oversight to the university and its campuses, spearheads joint academic and financial initiatives, and provides shared services in order to drive maximum efficiency and effectiveness on behalf of our 75,000 students.

the umass president’s office has more than 300 employees across two offices in boston and westborough.




"umass will help determine the kind of future massachusetts will have and the kind of people we will be. the university is central to making the commonwealth a place where everyone works for the common good and everyone has a chance to move forward in life and succeed."

marty meehan
president, university of massachusetts






president marty meehanmarty meehan is the first undergraduate alumnus to lead the five-campus university of massachusetts system. on july 1, 2015, he became the university’s 27th president after serving in the u.s. house of representatives and as chancellor of umass lowell.meehan has an abiding belief in public higher education’s power to transform lives. at his presidential inauguration on nov. 12, 2015, meehan pledged to fight for umass, which he called “the most important institution in massachusetts in the critical areas of social mobility and economic growth.”under president meehan’s leadership, the university of massachusetts has continued to break records and excel in its mission.in the past year, umass has reached record highs in university-funded financial aid, endowment growth, and research funding. president meehan also embarked on an ambitious expansion of the umass early college program and established an innovative scholarship program for massachusetts community college students who plan to attend umass.learn more about president marty meehan.












 




affordability and accessibility

president meehan has long been a champion for affordability and accessibility. under his leadership, umass has made record investments into university-funded financial aid, increasing it by $173 million, or 73 percent, to a new high of $409 million since he became umass president in 2015. president meehan also recently announced that all four undergraduate campuses will fully cover the costs of tuition and mandatory fees for students coming from households earning $75,000 or less per year through a combination of federal, state and university aid.

umass campuses announce plans to fully cover tuition and fees of high need stud…











 




early college

early college programs allow high school students to earn transferable college credits for free, with some students earning up to two years’ worth of college credits before they graduate high school. since the launch of the umass early college programs in fall 2022, the number of students served has continued to grow considerably. president meehan announced plans to triple early college enrollment to 2,000 in five years at his 2024 state of the university address.

commonwealth colligate academy











 




community college partnerships

massachusetts community colleges are the single-largest source of umass transfer students, accounting for 44 percent of all transfers. now, with the launch of masseducate - which provides free community college to all residents of massachusetts - president meehan has directed the university of massachusetts to double-down on our commitment to these students. that is one of the reasons that he launched the umass community college advantage scholarship last year, which provides at least $10,000 in scholarships to students who graduate in the top 10 percent of their class at a massachusetts community college and transfer to a umass campus.

umass community college advantage scholarship











 




sustainability

all five umass campuses have made a collective commitment to be “good stewards of resources” including not only fiscal resources but also a commitment to be environmentally responsible in their areas. each campus' programs and services work to help umass, as a whole, become a more sustainable entity.

learn more about sustainability at umass













press releases





dr. nefertiti walker appointed senior vice president for academic affairs, student affairs, and equity at umass


umass campuses announce plans to fully cover tuition and fees for high-need students



view more press releases on massachusetts.edu












news & recent reports




news at umass
annual publications
capital planning
financial & compliance





















university of massachusetts presidents office











facebook




instagram




linkedin




twitter




youtube






user account menu


directory


careers


log in







you are on umassp.edu. for the university of massachusetts system, visit  massachusetts.edu.




© university of massachusetts 2024



privacy & accessibility


terms of use / privacy policy


web accessibility






footer - related sites


massachusetts.edu


umass building authority


umass club


umass foundation


umass system careers
























