



	rxfiles





































rxfiles
objective comparisons for optimal drug therapy


give us your feedback










rxfiles











                        recent topics
                    





acute otitis media (aom) and other respiratory tract infections newsletter 2024




anxiety 2023




anxiety disorders- information for patients and caregivers




anxiety faqs




benzodiazepine (bzd) prescribing in anxiety disorders




beyond stigma video- nurturing circles of care




buprenorphine-naloxone- suboxone for opioid use disorder oct 2022




cannabis in anxiety disorders- faqs




cfp- nirmatrelvir- ritonavir for nonhospitalized patients with covid-19 aug 2023




cfp-clinical pearls for management of migraines-may24




chart pearls 14th ed, aug 2023




chronic pain- approach to pain assessment & management planning




chronic pain- navigating conversations about pain management




chronic pain- overview and perspectives




cognitive behavioural therapy for anxiety and panic- a patient resource




deciding if a statin is right for you 2025




delayed antibiotic prescription for kids with resp. infections- rct- 2024




deliver- dapagliflozin in heart failure with mildly reduced or preserved ejection fraction mar 2023




depression -treatment resistant (trd)




dyslipidemia- frequently asked questions- 2024




efficacy and safety of menopause hormone therapy mht- trial evidence summary 2023




finearts-hf: finerenone vs placebo with mildly reduced or preserved ejection fraction 2024




geri-rxfiles cardiology considerations in older adults




geri-rxfiles- medication adherence




geri-rxfiles-tool for anticholinergic medications in older adults




geri-rxfiles-tool for antipsychotic medications in residents living with dementia




geri-rxfiles-tool for blood sugars in older adults- avoid the lows




geri-rxfiles-tool for urinary tract infections (utis) in older adults




gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and pregnancy




lipid lowering agents- dyslipidemia newsletter 2024




lodestar-treat-to-target or high-intensity statins with coronary artery disease 2024




managing ssri non-response in anxiety disorders




managing type 2 diabetes (t2dm) in older adults




menopause newsletter 2023




menopause transition & post-menopause faqs 2023




pain- approach to acute pain management




pain management- considerations for special populations and circumstances




penicillin allergy q and a revised 2024




poster: acute otitis media (aom)




reduce-it- cv outcomes for icosapent ethyl in patients with elevated triglyceride levels july 2023




reprieve- pitavastatin livalo to prevent cardiovascular disease in hiv infection 2024




respiratory syncytial virus prefusion f protein- arexvy vaccine in older adults- 2024




rumour has it that statins cause muscle aches, but do they really 2025




select- semaglutide versus placebo in obesity without diabetes apr 2024




shajpch-firstline-how to use app poster




shortened antibiotic treatment for aom in young children 2024










                        featured topics
                    





atrial fibrillation




buprenorphine-naloxone- suboxone for opioid use disorder oct 2022




dapt and triple therapy chart




depression- mental health resource toolkit




geri-rxfiles- how to pick an inhaler (copd - hands vs lungs)




heart failure treatment




mental health non-drug treatment prescription




pain colour chart and medication doses, regimens and costs




sleep diary tool




vaccines for children patient booklet




what is new or changed




z how to activate plus app for partnerships with url referral







rxfiles 14th ed.july 2023- what's new or changed - references- 14th ed book- table of contents 14th edgeri-rxfiles 4th ed.may 2024- table of contents 4th ed.note: this website is designed for healthcare professionals. it is not intended to replace the relationship between patient & physician or health care provider.










                        
home

                    



search/keyword tips: search by using individual drug names eg. paroxetine, paxil; disease/conditions eg. depression, diabetes; not sentences or multiple words.      or 14th ed. toc rxfiles comparison charts; or toc geri-rxfiles charts.   rxfiles academic detailing is a canadian drug information resource. our website is built to help answer your drug therapy questions through objective comparisons. we pursue a balanced, independent approach. we do not receive funding from the pharmaceutical industry.a small taste of some of our tools:   have you ever needed to ...     adjust the dose of warfarin?     pick an inhaler device for a copd  patient?     encourage a patient to start  exercising?     check the spectrum of an antibiotic?     loosen diabetic targets for a  frail older adult?     look up the target doses of aceis, arbs,  or beta-blockers in heart failure?     encourage a patient on opioids to consider tapering?     find out which antipsychotics have the lowest weight gain?     talk to a patient about cannabis use?     find out the number of years to continue a bisphosphonate?      pick an ssri with the least anticholinergic effects?     compare relative pricing of different antimuscarinics?     critically appraise the doac trials?     safely switch from one  antidepressant to another?     get an idea of weight gain differences between  diabetes meds?     weigh the advantages and disadvantages of chronic pain medications?     find out if a medication is safe to crush in a patient  with difficulty swallowing?     look up a generic birth control substitution?  our program began in 1997 as a service to saskatoon physicians. in 2000, the program was expanded to provide service to physicians throughout saskatchewan. efforts to keep our drug selection tools up to date resulted in the publication of the rxfiles drug comparison charts book, beginning in 2001. our book has become a practical tool for evidence-based and clinically relevant drug use information throughout canada.on our website, you will find our newsletter reviews, q&as, trial summaries, and up-to-date rxfiles comparison charts and geri-rxfiles charts. the clinical relevance of these materials comes from their initial focus as academic detailing tools for the front-line practitioner wanting to provide the best possible drug therapy for their patients.









        login











                                                log in



user name:



                                                 
                                            



password:



                                                 
                                            



remember me next time.














                                                    don't have an account? sign up now.


                                                    forgotten your password?













join our email list: what's new at rxfiles?
+ subscribe


follow us








        type 2 diabetes q&a - patient booklet
    


an information booklet for patients with type 2 diabetes. 


more...














                            home

                            contact us

                            sitemap

                            privacy policy

                            copyright & disclaimer




                                rxfiles academic detailing is part of the university of saskatchewan and our main
                                offices are situated on treaty 6 territory and the homeland of the métis



 your ip address is 101.53.234.133







home

our resources

patient education

store

about us

contact us







        

         
        








