








leadership fort wayne | greater fort wayne inc.















































































 








 










search for:





×











investor login    t 260 420-6945


business directory
events
become a member
 











menueconomic development closechamber membershipbenefits and pricingsavingsmembership pricingtutorialsconnectleads group applicationceo roundtable applicationexperience the benefits you’ve been missing.hot dealsdiversity and inclusionsponsorships closetalent & leadershipwomen’s networkgfw inc. women’s network applicationchampions of change awardschampions of change nomination confirmationbridge program closeadvocacy closecommunityonboard fort waynebest in classthe fort wayne intern experiencecalendar closebold projectsaboutcelebrating 10 years of growthcareers with gfwvisionary investors closebusiness directoryeventsbecome a member










talent & leadership






leadership fort wayne
women’s network
young professionals
bridge program










elevate your leadership.
 




wherever you are on your leadership journey–emerging, seasoned, or somewhere in between–our leadership fort wayne program can help you reach your full potential. for more than 40 years, we have inspired leaders to embrace the community, get involved, and drive positive change.
we are excited to welcome the 43rd leadership fort wayne program cohort in january of 2024. please join us for the leadership fort wayne 2025 welcome reception on january 16. register today: leadership fort wayne welcome reception





leadership fort wayne supports leadership growth through the following:





inside access
go behind the scenes to meet some of the city’s iconic institutions and leaders.





valuable skills
grow your abilities in a fast-paced, engaging, and inspirational learning environment.





practical experience
put your skills to work in a community action project with local nonprofit partners.





a powerful network
connect with the lfw alumni network–more than 1,600 members strong.


program overview


leadership fort wayne is a nine-month program that consists of:

a two-day orientation in january.
eight immersive program days (one full day per month, typically february-september) where area leaders and experts provide in-depth insights about the community and its history, institutions, socioeconomic composition, and current issues.
teaming up with a local nonprofit to develop a community action project (cap).
increasing your awareness, understanding, and appreciation for community organizations and services.
learning cutting-edge leadership concepts with practical, real-world application and practice.
an optional internship on a nonprofit board of directors.



purpose


the purpose of leadership fort wayne is to train, prepare, and inspire individuals to positively impact greater fort wayne-allen county through meaningful engagement.
we do this by:

instilling an understanding of community trusteeship and a lifelong commitment to community service.
providing information about the community: its history, people, strengths, challenges, and opportunities.
delivering opportunities to practice leadership skills and utilize knowledge gained through intentional and best-practice leadership training.
creating opportunities for networking and connections that benefit participants personally and professionally.



qualifications


leadership fort wayne welcomes emerging to seasoned leaders positioned at any level in their career.
all participants must:

be currently working and/or living in allen county.
have full support from their employer or sponsoring organization.
possess the ability to achieve professional, personal, and program goals.
have the necessary time and resources to commit to each program day, community action project (cap) work, and, if applicable, an internship on a local nonprofit board.



participant expectations


participants are expected to make a commitment to the program, including:

attending the mandatory two-day orientation in january.
attending at least 75% of the remaining eight monthly, full-day sessions (february-september).
in addition to completing pre-work class assignments, class members will work on a team to complete a community action project and, if applicable, serve as an intern on a local nonprofit board.



program day topics


each month, participants meet for a “program day,” getting behind-the-scenes looks at the building blocks of our community, featuring insights from key leaders. these topics are:

community history
inclusion, diversity, equity, and accessibility
government and economic development
health services
education
community agencies
public safety
arts and recreation



program calendar/key dates


key dates for the class of 2025 (subject to change) include:
application opens: sept. 9, 2024
application deadline: oct. 21, 2024
selection day – cohort members notified: mid/late november 2024
virtual meet & greet event:  jan. 8, 2025
orientation: jan. 16 & 17, 2025
program days in 2025: eight immersive program days (one full day per month from february-september)

feb. 20
march 20
april 17
may 15
june 12*
july 17
august 21
sept. 18






*note: program days typically occur on the third thursday of every month. any dates off this pattern will accommodate for holidays and/or gfw inc. conferences.
graduation: oct. 8 during the annual leadership fort wayne alumni breakfast


fee structure


program fees are:

$2,500 for employees of gfw inc. investor companies.
$3,000 for employees of non-investor companies and individuals.

program fees may be paid by a participant, employer/organization, or sponsoring individual(s). a limited number of designated seat sponsorships are available to gfw inc. investors only on a first-come, first-served basis. community and alumni support also makes it possible to offer limited financial assistance to those in need, removing barriers to participation and encouraging greater diversity and inclusion for individuals of all abilities.
payment is due in full before the program orientation on january 16, 2025. email meghan short at mshort@gfwinc.com to learn more.


sights and sounds


here’s a sneak peek at the insights you’ll get from leadership fort wayne:




















2025 lfw application


the leadership fort wayne class of 2025 applications have closed. please contact meghan short at mshort@gfwinc.com for questions.


alumni hublfw alumni directory (pdf)
  
 
 
 
 



40+
years of developing leaders via the leadership fort wayne program


1,600+
leadership fort wayne alumni


60+
community action projects completed by lfw participants since 2015














                         
                


for insights and info, contact:



meghan short
director of investor programs
download vcard


200 e. main street, suite 800fort wayne, indiana 46802(260) 203-5766
email








economic development
chamber membership
talent & leadership
advocacy
community
bold projects
about
 











200 e. main street, suite 800fort wayne, in 46802 | 260 420-6945info@greaterfortwayneinc.com
© 2025 greater fort wayne inc.all rights reserved privacy policy | sitemap














 
















































 


 