





web hosting solutions | totalchoice hosting



















































live customer support




billing portalsupport portalstatushomehostingshared hostingreseller hostingvps hostingdedicated serverswebsite buildercolocationcolocationsmart handsdomainsabout usabout usdata centersfaqtestimonialsour policiescontact us




 



simple . powerful . reliable .managed web hosting!great hosting at low prices!big money features, performance and reliability in a budget hosting company.  that's totalchoice hosting!plans as low as$3.47/mo *get startedoutstanding web hosting for you.customer first web hosting for all. next generation. reliable.
being in business for over 20 years totalchoice hosting offers next level web hosting services. we back those services with world class support. our customer experience is industry leading. we’ve developed that customer experience through working side by side with thousands of customers and understanding their needs.

easy to get your domain & hosting  search your dream business name



plans that fit you & service you can rely onplease note that domain names are not included with any of our hosting plans.* certain web hosting plans include a discount for longer term commitments.


shared hosting

simple. cost efficient. reliable.

feature rich

free website builderfree let's encrypt sslfree remote backupsblazing fast ssdscpanel control panelworld class data centerswordpress includedenterprise mail deliveryphp 7.x / php 8.x$3.47/month*show more plans


reseller hosting

reliable feature rich hosting designed for reselling

cpanel/whm includedfree let's encrypt sslblazing fast ssdsfree remote backupsenterprise hardwarefast website load times!world class data centershost multiple sitesphp 7.x / php 8.x$21.99/monthshow more plans


vps hosting 

full control without cost  scale without hurdle.

blazing fast ssdsfree let's encrypt sslmanaged & unmanagedenterprise hardwarefast website load times!world class data centersunlimited email accountsunlimited ftp accountsphp 7.x / php 8.x$19.99/monthshow more plans


dedicated servers

dedicated power. customization.  next level support.

completely customizablefree let's encrypt sslmanaged & unmanagedenterprise hardwarefast website load times!world class data centersunlimited email accountsunlimited ftp accountsphp 7.x / php 8.x$99.99/monthshow more planstotalchoice hosting features totalchoice hosting has worked for over 20 years on building the right plans and features for our customers creating industry leading value.






      intuitive dashboard
    


we love simplicity, we hope you do too! we have various feature rich offerings including cpanel, and whm. with features to get the job done efficiently and effortlessly.






     fast web pages
    


we promise blazing fast speed to our customer! all of our servers are built using cutting edge hardware. at totalchoice, choice does matter!






     24/7/365 support
    


our team of dedicated professionals is always at the helm ready to answer any query big or small.





customizable website builder
    


offers a simple way to build a great looking website in minutes! choose from a template and be on your way!

 


hawkeye 24/7/365 monitoring 
    


an all in one tool for clients to monitor the status of their server, or if you are curious about our stellar uptime!






30 day money back guarantee    


our values are built on customer service, we aren't satisfied unless you are. that's why we've offered a 30-day money back promise since our founding.free auto installationsexperience the magic of installing over 450 scripts within seconds! our auto installer gives our users one click access to over 450 great scripts, 1115 php classes and we are still adding more. we have covered a wide array of categories so that our clients can find the required scripts needed to power their web sites.

frequently asked questionssince our founding totalchoice hosting has been dedicated to providing our customers with industry leading support.check out these frequently asked questions,  feel free to contact our support team if we didn't answer your question!▸ do totalchoice hosting plans include a domain name?totalchoice hosting plans do not include a domain name. however, we can help you get one here!▸can i transfer from my current host to totalchoice hosting?absolutely! our support team is always waiting to help. if its a cpanel site, we will transfer it for you free!▸ do totalchoice hosting plans include email?not only are all of totalchoice hosting plans capable of providing email free of additional cost. all of our shared and reseller hosting plans come with email ready to go.▸ do totalchoice hosting plans include a website builder?yes! we're proud to offer a website builder with all of our shared and reseller plans.▸ how is totalchoice hosting support different from any other web hosting company?from our founding in 1999, we've held true to one simple principle. treat our customers like family. because of that, we've offered industry leading one-on-one support for over 20 years. feel free to contact support at any time to notice the totalchoice difference.▸what's the difference between the different types of plans totalchoice hosting offers? 
totalchoice hosting plan types compared



features
shared hosting
reseller hosting
vps hosting
dedicated server hosting




99.9% uptime promise








24/7/365 friendly technical support








cpanel website control panel








free cpanel website transfers








enterprise grade premium hardware








business class email included







24/7/365 project hawkeye monitoring








cpanel whm (web hosting manager)








any choice of operating system








install any custom software you'd like








total administrative access








totally customizable hardware








 totalchoice data centershosting companies are only as good as the internet connections and hardware that they place their clients web sites on.totalchoice owns all of its own equipment and we are very proud of the reliability that our data centers provide. in fact, we welcome our clients to schedule a tour of our facilities at any time!our data centers





hawk eye 24/7 monitoring


totalchoice has developed patented technology that allows complete monitoring of all our systems. our team members have a ‘birds’-eye view’ of every aspect of the services we offer. when a problem is detected our on-site 24/7/365 technicians are ready to jump into action. we refer to this system as…”project hawk-eye”..

view statussee what our customers have to say!just a few words from our clients"just now i upgraded some software on my server and broke something else in the process, resulting in a number of my client sites being down. of course i went right to the help desk to cry help! tch got right on my case and fixed it. and gave me some instruction about how to prevent this from happening next time!"jim butterfield  (pro web developer)“i have been with totalchoice hosting for 16 years or so and their customer service is the best! many times when i contact support for something that's not within their purview, they send me a link where i can get my question answered, even if it has something to do with wordpress. that is above and beyond, in my opinion!”ms. litsey  (professional blogger)"submitted a help desk ticket this morning at 8:12. nine minutes later, bryan abraham responded, advising that the problem was resolved. i have been a customer now for almost 10 years, while i have always been happy with the level of service that tch provides, i think that is a record for fast response to a trouble ticket."bob crabb  (business owner)“i'm still blown away by this company, after all those years! in a good way, rest assured. do not ever take the tch family and support people for granted. what they do for you and are willing to do for you, you will not find anywhere else. i trust totalchoice hosting with my business more than any other hosting company!"leontine vandermeer  (pro web designer)ready to get started?get in touch or create an account.order nowcontact sales




quick linkshomeblogorder nowcontact usstatussupport & moresupport optionsforumshelp desk portalbilling portalsitemapcompany infoabout usour teamnetworkdata centerslegalterms of serviceacceptable use policyprivacy policyget in touchfacebookinstagramtwitterlinkedinquick linkshomeblogorder nowcontact usstatussupport & moresupport optionsforumshelp desk portalbilling portalsitemapcompany infoabout usour teamnetworkdata centerslegalterms of serviceacceptable use policyprivacy policycopyright © 2025 totalchoice hosting, inc all rights reservedcopyright © 2025 totalchoice hosting, inc all rights reserved

homehosting← backshared hostingreseller hostingvps hostingdedicated serverswebsite buildercolocation← backcolocationsmart handsdomainsabout us← backabout usdata centersfaqtestimonialsour policiescontact us
 
 










