





isftv.com




























 


skip to content



tel: 718.274.0236mail: kevin@isftv.comtoggle navigationhomeabout isftvservicesthe miller channelfaqsclient reviewscontact us
 





home isftvisftv2023-05-24t11:39:10-04:00 
 
 loading...













































about isftvisftv is a full service display calibration and consulting company providing professional calibration services to the consumer and professional markets, including the post production industry, in the new york tri-state area, covering all of manhattan, staten island, brooklyn, queens, long island, northern new jersey, and southern connecticut. we also travel the u.s. and outside of the u.s. on consulting projects for our dealer and manufacturer clients.
read morecalibration & consultingsee moreprofessional display calibrationisftv provides professional video system calibration as well as consulting services to post production…
post production facility supportisftv has been supporting the post production industry in new york city since 2005.…
display & video source product development consultingisftv has been providing technical and product development consulting to some of…
personal & corporate theater designisftv offers consulting services for the creation of state-of-the-art home theaters,…
featured theater■  recent projects ■home theater
professional display calibrationisftv provides professional video system calibration as well as consulting services to post production…
read moreindustry clients■  top-tier manufacturers  ■we consult with the most respected companies and brands in the video business.
industry affiliations■  leading organizations ■we support efforts to establish and maintain the highest industry standards.
client reviews
thank you so much for calibrating my projector the colors are so vivid now. what a big difference. i like it so much that i ended up watching until 2am! (epson pro cinema 6050ub 4k laser projector – april 2023)
donna s.
the picture on the c2 is fantastic.  even watching sports or some of the sdr programs is so much better.  the sony looks tons better also.  as far as the calibrations go, if you haven’t already surmised, i am super happy i did it and thanks so much for making the trip down to share your talent and experience.  really appreciate it! (lg 65c2 and sony xbr-85x900f – april 2023)
albert s.
i really enjoyed meeting you today. you did an amazing job. i’m so thrilled with the results. i threw a bunch of hdr discs that i always struggled with and i’ll be damned they all look amazing. best investment i’ve ever made on my home theater (sony vpl-xw6000es projector – april 2023).
elio c.
thanks for doing such a great job. picture looks amazing (epson ls12000 laser projector – april 2023)
tony c.
thank you kevin! pleasure meeting you as well! thank you for making the long drive. we watched the kong vs. godzilla movie last night on the sony and it was incredible. we all could not believe the difference and clarity of every color and detail for streaming content. i am excited to watch some things this week on the basement projector and toggle between content streams and sdr/hdr, etc. thanks again! (sony bravia oled master series – 04/2021)
nick r.
thanks kevin. spent the last few days watching several shows and movies in hdr and dolby vision and the picture is downright stunning. there’s nothing like a high end panel that has been professionally calibrated (lg cx 65’’ oled – 07/2021)
mike t.
good seeing you again and thanks for the fantastic work! i watched a film last night and enjoyed the hell out of is with the lights dimmed in the room and on the isf night setting, the calmness of the image and the way one can see into the shadows are amazing.  you are right, at night in the dimmed room the isf night is absolutely great to have.  what a pleasure!  thanks again for the outstanding work (lgef9500 oled – 08/2020).
 
markus g.
i thought that the tv looked good right out of the box. i watched the golf on friday and enjoyed it very much. then i watched the golf after you left on saturday. what a difference. the picture was much sharper and the colors were more vibrant. if i had any doubts about whether or not the calibration was worth the money (which i didn’t) the difference in the picture from friday to saturday would erase them. you did your normal stellar job like you do every time you visit me. i can’t thank you enough for making the effort to come all the way to northwestern n.j. to visit me (lg77c9 oled – 08/2020).
mark m.
i meant to write yesterday but after putting on a portion of the revenant i found myself literally going through every uhd blu ray i own. i’m not sure i could being to describe the degree to which this has changed my viewing experience. the level of realism and micro-details that normally would be missed reminds me how much detailing goes into many of these films and documentaries. while the calibration is excellent during the day, at night its nothing short of revelatory. even on the gaming side i can honestly say even with the limited calibration, the ps4 and xbox look like the games were designed with a reference monitor in mind. simply put this is the definition of a game changer and i will highly recommend your services to anyone interested in making a good product perform at an extraordinary level. (lg 65c7p oled)
shaun x.
i wanted to take this opportunity and praise the work you do. after you left, i sampled other 4k movies and the only reasonable word is phenomenal. the streaming services (netflix, hulu) all look incredible and vibrant. you made my $3k investment in the lg oled tv that much more valuable. thank you, kevin. a loyal customer… (lg oled65c6p)
angel a.



 
 
toggle navigationhomeabout isftvservicesthe miller channelfaqsclient reviewscontact us

 
 
page load link






go to top




