





 







america's first all-inclusive hawaiian vacations | since 1982




































  






skip to content


   


menu














 











 







aloha hawaiian vacations 




  all-inclusive packages premier packages waikiki beach – oahu (8 day) 
maui (7 day) 
kauai (7 day) 
big island vacation (6 day) 
maui 2 island (8 day) 
oahu 2 island (8 days) 
4 island (11 day) 

saver & express packages waikiki express (4 day) 
waikiki express (5 day) 
waikiki beach – oahu (6 day) 
maui (6 day) 
kauai (6 day) 

 



  honeymoons & weddings honeymoons 
waikiki wedding package 
maui wedding package 

about us why choose us 
reviews 
the ultimate vacation plan 
faqs 
blog 
general terms & conditions 

request information 
1 (800) 256-4211 
 


close menu
 















 




america’s first 




all-inclusivehawaiian vacations 




four decades dedicated to authentichawaiian-stylesm experiences. 





                                                start the quiz: what kind of hawaii are you?                                        






start the quiz: 





                                                what kind of hawaii are you?                                        












 




 over 200,000 trips to hawaii 

 


















unparalleled and unique hawaiian experiences 




in 1982, our dad started aloha hawaiian vacations as the first all-inclusive travel company to hawaii. he traveled to the islands countless times over the years before permanently moving there and gained intimate knowledge of hawaii’s lands and people. after his passing in 2016, we (his children, haven & joseph) strive to honor his legacy by providing you with quality all-inclusive hawaiian vacations at great value and full of memories that will last a lifetime. 

 




 




wayne overman, founder 

 








choose your hawaiian vibe 

 









                                                scenic                                        









                                                culture & history                                        









                                                romance                                        









                                                adventure                                        












all-inclusive packages 

 









choose your island
take your time and soak in the sights of a waikiki getaway, or enjoy the calm breeze while sitting on the beach next to the crystal blue waters of maui. our all-inclusive hawaiian vacations offer something for everyone.     

 















 





                        big island                    


6 day all-inclusive
staggering natural beauty and deep cultural roots collide in this oft-overlooked island.
view itinerary 




 






 













 





                        kauai                    


7 day all-inclusive
unexplored valleys, colorful canyons, secluded beaches and cascading waterfalls.
view itinerary 




 






 















 





                        maui                    


7 day all-inclusive
maui is beloved by couples of all ages – romance just seems to be in the air in maui.
view itinerary 




 






 













 





                        waikiki beach - oahu                    


8 day all-inclusive
the island of oahu has something for everyone, and this package features it all.
view itinerary 




 






 











island-hopper
can’t settle on just one island? try one of our all-inclusive island-hopper packages to explore more of what hawaii has to offer. take in the excitement of world-famous waikiki then unwind and unplug on a neighboring island.    

 















 





                        2 islands: oahu based                    


8 day all-inclusive
all-inclusive trip to hawaii that gives you the best of both worlds at an incredible value!
view itinerary 




 






 

















                                    2 islands: maui based                            

8 day all-inclusive
our maui all-inclusive vacation package, 2-island hopper trip is the one you need.
view itinerary 




 






 















 





                        4 islands                    


11 day all-inclusive
this is by far the best way to get the most out of your trip to hawaii.
view itinerary 




 






 






























explore by island 

 







big island 

 





kauai 

 





maui 

 





oahu-waikiki


 






 

















smelling the salt air, yet? 

 






 


 i booked my mother a 70th birthday trip through aloha vacations and she truly enjoyed herself!  she enjoyed herself so much that my husband and i are now planning our own vacation!!  thank you aloha vacations for making my mom's birthday an unforgettable day!read moreread less 
 yolanda heyward2/13/2025 


 


 i would like to thank aloha hawaiian vacations for helping us with our vacation.  they were great.  the hotels were great, and the food was delicious.  we loved the catamaran cruise and the sunset dinner cruise.  the luau on kauai was awesome.  i would definitely choose aloha hawaiian for help in planning our next hawaiian adventure.read moreread less 
 gloria baertschi2/11/2025 


 


 the 7 of us went to kauai and we all hand a blast! everything was amazing! we can't wait to go back!read moreread less 
 jami gonzales1/14/2025 


 


 we couldn't be happier with the great service and all the assistance they gave us! when we missed a flight (due to airport issue, nothing to do with ahv) our representative rearranged our excursions so we did not miss anything, as well as reschedule our transportation, lei service and hotel accommodations. we felt so at ease with the high quality hotel, food and vip status at our outings. we will use them again for sure!!read moreread less 
 jeni messer1/04/2025 


 


 booked the 4 island tour for 11 days costing approximately $4500pp. everything about this tour was excellent. the reason we chose this tour is it took us to maui and the big island where the 2 national parks are located. car rental on the other islands was included. all our flights and transfers were included except getting to and from hawaii. hotel was included plus several excursions around o’ahu. meals were provided on the days we were in honolulu. by booking this trip we enjoyed more excursions and better meals than we would have by trying to arrange it ourselves.read moreread less 
 ck payne12/01/2024 


 


 mahalo!  thank you for giving us the most amazing time in hawaii!  please let your staff know we appreciate everything they did for us in making our honeymoon so enjoyable and perfect!  we will never forget it!read moreread less 
 tl steege11/23/2024 


 


 aloha hawaiian vacations made our trip incredibly easy and enjoyable from start to finish! bryan was a gem to work with during the initial phone calls. he provided us with valuable information about the islands and the various packages available, all while being refreshingly non-pushy in his sales approach. this made us even more excited to book!  as first-time travelers to hawaii, we were a bit apprehensive about planning our trip, but the package we chose was perfect. everything went smoothly in hawaii—every restaurant, excursion, and hotel recognized our vouchers, and we encountered no issues whatsoever.  if we are fortunate enough to return to hawaii, we will definitely book through aloha hawaiian vacations again. the value of the package we received was excellent, especially considering everything included. highly recommend!read moreread less 
 nicole erickson10/22/2024 





 





 




 




ready for ho’omaha? 




call us to get pricing and plan your hawaiian vacation today. 





                                                1 (800) 256-4211                                        






or, complete the request information form. 




ho’omaha: to rest, to take a vacation, to take a break. 

 




 




still deciding? 




answer 3 questions to instantly get
your package recommendations.






                                                start the quiz                                        







 




in businesssince 1982 

 




family ownedand operated 

 




over 200,000successful trips 

 




hawaii expertswork here 

 




lowest priceguarantee 

 



 












facebook





twitter





instagram








                                                1 (800) 256-4211                                        








explore hawaii 




why choose usabout usblogreviewsfaqthe ultimate vacation planrequest information 

 




trusted by the best 

 




 




member since 19890 complaints 

 










member since 2006 

 










certified specialist 

 










member since 2006 

 





 




general terms & conditions | privacy policy | copyright: 2025 | design & seo by cap3 

 






back to top


.



 




travel in 2025 




up to 




$1000 off 




per couple 




enter your email to qualify for up to $1,000 off per couple. 








"*" indicates required fields

email*


 















 



 
1 (800) 256-4211 































 

