







investment newsletter for busy professionals ⋆ alphaprofit














































































































 menumenuinvestment newsletterscontact uslog in or register 






skip to content
investment strategy
performance
sam’s story
ideas & tips

etf investing
fidelity mutual funds
mutual fund investing
sector investing
stocks and markets
weekly letter


get free report
premium service
 






home






investment newsletter for busy professionals








take charge of your investments

sign up for free investment newsletter alphaprofit moneymatters


put your investments on the right track

you will own the best etfs, best mutual funds, and best stocks chosen by alphaprofit’s prescient investment selection system for strong performance in the market ahead.
read more


minimize your risk

you will use three proven risk reduction strategies to minimize losses during bearish periods without reducing your returns in bull markets.
read more


minimize your costs

you will keep a tight lid on your investing expenses.
   you will invest in low-cost etfs.
   you will invest in no-load, no-transaction-fee mutual funds without incurring short-term redemption fees.
   you will stop paying hefty fees or commissions to your investment advisor (if you currently have one).
read more


minimize your effort with alphaprofit investment newsletter

investment research is a full-time activity. part-time dabbling often leads to frustration and financial losses. by outsourcing your investment research to alphaprofit premium service investment newsletter, you will free up your time for more important and pleasurable activities.
read more



start to enjoy the joys of life and avoid the pains of investing!

more on premium service














free investment newsletter moneymatters

independent analysis of the economy, markets, and sectors
unbiased etf, stock, and mutual fund advice and evaluations
unique insights on emerging profit opportunities and must-know threats
complimentary access to premium service
subscription discounts for premium service




five smart ways of using sector funds and etfs with inside scoop on sector investments
three key mistakes to avoid when investing in sector etfs






first name:








e-mail address:





full name
 leave this blank






















we respect your privacy. we do not spam or sell your personal information to anyone else, period.
				








premium service investment newsletter
clear, actionable advice on sectors, funds, etfs, & stocks

specific guidance on what and when to buy or sell
long-term investing and short-term trading recommendations
proven strategies for all markets
75% win-rate including 2008 crash and dot-com bust


market-beating model portfolios

suitable for small and large accounts sizes
appropriate for different investment objectives and account types
results verifiable in login area with free account
track record of smashing market 7-to-1

priceless intangibles

all recommendations provided ahead of time with ample notice
unbiased, independent advice with no axes to grind
24/7 access to premium service and its archives
access to dr. sam subramanian via e-mail

the good news just begins!


start to enjoy the joys of life and avoid the pains of investing!

 more on premium service










from the free investment newsletter


best growth stocks to buy now in top sectors for 2025

if you are looking for the best growth stocks to buy now, this list of reliable veterans with remarkable near-term growth prospects is worth checking. first, each boasts robust near-term growth prospects. second, some offer generous dividends on top of that.



retailing holds the key to stocks this week



will inflation data pressure stocks this week?



will the may 3 rate hike be time to buy or sell?



investors’ wait for mega-cap earnings is over






















receive free reports

sign up for the free investment newsletter alphaprofit money matters and immediately receive two special reports



five smart ways to profit from sector funds and etfs
avoid three common mistakes etf investors make


don’t miss timely investment tips. stay ahead of the market with alphaprofit moneymatters in your inbox








premium service performance




model portfolio annualized returns
dec. 1993 to dec. 2023



fidelity agg. growth
17.8%


fidelity growth
14.6%


etf agg. growth
17.5%


etf growth
14.3%


no-fee growth (inc. 2009)
10.9%


s&p 500
10.1%



stock recommendation returns
dec. 2013 to dec. 2023



win rate
91%


avg. holding period
2.6 months


avg. gain
12.8%










meet
dr. sam subramanian






sam subramanian phd, mba has credentials that are the envy of most investment advisers. he combines strong quantitative skills with deep financial expertise and insights on inner workings of wall street and corporations. his creativity has helped him win 16 u. s. patents.
prior to founding alphaprofit investments, llc, sam worked in positions of increasing responsibility in finance and corporate strategy for mckinsey & company, exxon corporation, and unocal corporation. his work centered on acquisitions and divestitures, asset valuation, trading, bankruptcies, and risk management.
well aware of the dismal returns produced by money managers, he was determined to take charge of his own investments. he created a low cost, low effort but high return investing system and rigorously tested it for over two decades using his own money.
this high-performance system helped sam to quickly become financially independent. sam still invests his money, using the now award-winning system he created. he shares the unbiased, crystal-clear recommendations and market moves with his subscribers.
read more »




from the premium service 




february 12, 2025: sector newsletter report






february 03, 2025: sector newsletter indicator update & model portfolio composition






january 20, 2025: income recommendations






january 19, 2025: etf style rotation portfolio update






january 12, 2025: sector newsletter report


























about alphaprofit 
sam subramanian's story
in the media
what subscribers like you say

subscriptions 
premium service investment newsletter
free investment newsletters

customer services 
faqs and sample copies
subscriber login
contact us




premium service rating & performance 
premium service investment newsletter performance
fidelity model portfolio performance
etf model portfolio performance
stock recommendation results 
hulbert financial digest rankings or investment newsletter ratings

investment recommendations in premium service 
fidelity fund model portfolios
fund recommendations from fidelity fundsnetwork
etf model portfolios
etf recommendations
stock recommendations



how do you 
reduce my risk
keep my fees and expenses low


 
how do i make money with 
sector rotation – sector investing – sector funds
fidelity select funds
sector mutual funds
sector etfs
no load mutual funds
stocks


alphaprofit news 
new investment recommendations
stock market blog
rss heading




featured content 
fidelity select funds: choosing the best fidelity sector fund consistently
sector etfs: invest in the best sector etf consistently
sector mutual funds: how to pick winning sector funds and avoid losers
sector funds: construct mutual fund portfolios
where is the dow headed?
on november 17, the djia closed at 34,947 …







 








view certificate



 alphaprofit investments, llc 2803 arrowhead drive, sugar land, tx 77479

 
phone (281)-565-6963 9am - 5pm central time, m - f

click to call (from mobile only)
home   privacy policy   disclosuresubscriber agreement

    
    




 copyright © 2003 – 2025 alphaprofit investments llc. all rights reserved.

 








investment strategyperformancesam’s storyideas & tips

etf investing fidelity mutual funds mutual fund investing sector investing stocks and markets weekly letter
get free reportpremium service




investment newsletterscontact uslog in or register















