







buffalo commons storytelling & music festival








































https://buffalocommons.org/












              festival
            



              hotels and dining
            



                event sponsors
              



                image gallery
              



              contact
            



                tickets
              















              festival
            



              hotels and dining
            



                event sponsors
              



                image gallery
              



              contact
            



                tickets
              


















twenty-seventh annualbuffalo commons storytelling & music festivalcherished chroniclesartistry, architecture, story and songjune 14th - 16th, 2024tickets

























 



mccook, nebraskajune 14th - 16th, 2024“the most wasted of all days is one without laughter.” ~ e.e. cummingsthe 27th annual buffalo commons storytelling and music festival will not be days wasted! nationally renowned storyteller will spin hilariously entertaining stories, a one-of-a-kind musical experience will make your spirit dance, and inspirations in stone and stained glass will illuminate your senses and celebrate community heritage. don’t miss these fun-filled events: historic fox theatre stage show, dinner cabaret, building and stained-glass tour, art shows, museum melodies and memories, open mic opportunities, poetry sharing, kids fest and much more!2024 featured guest artists and presenters













paul stricklandthis year’s featured storyteller performed at the 2023 timpanogos storytelling festival in lehi, utah and as a new voice at the 2023 national storytelling festival in jonesborough tennessee. as professional storyteller and theater artist from kentucky, paul strickland’s hilarious and heartfelt tall tales have won “best of fest” sixteen times at fringe festivals in the u.s. and canada. always adapting to whatever audience is in front of him, paul loves telling stories in every imaginable environment from comedy clubs to elementary and middle schools, corporate events and even two prisons where he was not an inmate at the time! selections from his show, levels of difficulty can be heard on siriusxm radio. we welcome paul for the first time to the buffalo commons stage.ainttrue.com

 











lucas kotschwarlucas kotschwar is an artist and farmer based in mccook, nebraska. he has exhibited paintings and drawings throughout the high plains and front range regions, most recently selected for participation in the 2023 nebraska biennial, where he was awarded best painting. his work is in private collections across the midwest and is featured in the newly-opened artbank. an advocate for the arts and rural living, lucas has helped create and launch two visual art spaces within his hometown, serves as vice president of the 6th floor project board of directors, and is acting mccook arts council treasurer. he has coordinated an artist-in-residence program, provided consultation and insight for the creative process of a community mural, hosted art literacy sessions for high school students during bison days, and is a continuing ambassador for visitors seeking a glimpse of contemporary art in mccook. he is a graduate of mccook high school and alumnus of rocky mountain college of art and design.













stillhouse junkiesnew to the buffalo commons storytelling and music festival is a crowd-thrilling trio from the hills of colorado, stillhouse junkies share the kind of strangely charmed chemistry that elevates both artist and audience alike. since forming in 2017, the durango-bred band has offered up a hypnotic and high-energy form of roots music anchored in the free-flowing interplay among the three lifelong musicians (fred kosak on guitar and mandolin, cody tinnin on upright bass, alissa wolf on fiddle). while they’ve gained major traction in the bluegrass world in recent years—including winning the ibma momentum band of the year award in 2021—stillhouse junkies ultimately inhabit a genre-blurring and subtly inventive sound informed by everything from blues to classical to texas swing. when matched with their nuanced songcraft and soul-stirring harmonies, the result is a one-of-a-kind musical experience that immediately transports the listener into a more enchanted state of mind.stilllhousejunkies.com

 








red willow county courthouse





stained glass treasures to be seen on friday tour.vibrant rays of colorful light illuminate the stories during this year’s stained glass tour. join us for an opportunity to marvel at these beautifully assembled glass pieces. learn the stories told from the creation of the universe to moments rich in history and about the process which combines artistry and technical skill. discover how to interpret a window, decode the symbolism, and witness the beauty of the multiple stained-glass windows in southwest nebraska. registration for this event is required. cost is $30 a person and includes lunch and a pie break. information can be found in the schedule below and under tickets.



2024 area artists













ginger ten benseltv news reporter, former miss rodeo nebraska, singer/songwriter, storyteller through music. ginger was raised on a southwest nebraska farm, entrusted with not only helping with the family business, but also training eight or more horses a day. that work ethic carried her on to pursue her dream in nashville, as a singer/songwriter. she opened for several stars including chuck berry and clint black and performed at the national western stock show, the college world series and at the bluebird cafe in nashville. she hosted her own tv shows in the south and was a tv news reporter for 14 years in hastings, ne. ginger is also carrying on her family tradition of working with children by giving music lessons and accompanying them as they perform. the 4h leader also helps lead kids in praise and worship songs in an after-school group.













charles peekchuck peek has journeyed through three careers: university teacher of english, active priest in the episcopal church, and essayist /poet /public humanities speaker and consultant/workshop leader. his blog is found at capeek.wordpress.com. chuck’s poems have earned numerous awards, including the 2016 nebraska book award for poetry. he is currently editor in chief of the website kearneycreates.com, a past president of the willa cather foundation and has offered many writers workshops across nebraska. in july he will be reading poetry and a paper on to have and have not at the international hemingway conference in spain. he continues teaching classes for senior college of central nebraska, and just ended an eight-year stint at the bishop kemper school for ministry in topeka, ks. chuck and his wife, nancy, also enjoy time with their two children and their families.













clark batesclark bates loves a good story.  forty six years in the ministry have given clark the opportunity to both hear and tell many stories. the past five years clark has served as a consultant and encourager helping to bring revitalization to a number of small churches in nebraska and kansas. an engaging speaker, he has been blessed with the opportunity to share stories and preach in seven states and four foreign countries. recently retired, clark and his wife, dawna, enjoy traveling, serving in their community and making memories with their children and 12 grandchildren.












twenty-seventh annualbuffalo commons storytelling & music festivaljune 14th - 16th, 2024 • mccook, nebraska





 27th annual buffalo commons schedule cherished chroniclesartistry, architecture, story and song

 

friday, june 14, 2024stained glass tour



*registration is required for this event.meet at the museum of the high plains. board the bus for a colorful and historical focus on some of the area’s most incredible stained glass displays. the tour includes stunning window art creations and related descriptive narratives, correlated side stories, entertainment during the ride and at the various stops. put a little color in your day with this inspiring getaway.$30.00 - includes lunch and a pie break.register online:  bceregister.mpcc.eduor call mccook community college at 308-345-8122



8:30 am - 3:00 pm

 

george norris historical site



open house - home tours and storytelling with editorial cartoons



10 am - 3 pm

 

historic fox theatre



“everyone has a story”an evening of live entertainment and fun!emcee: cal siegfriedstoryteller and musician, paul strickland and musical artists, stillhouse junkiestickets: adults - $15, children 12 and under - $5(ticket sales begin in may and can be purchased at mnb, sehnert’s bakery or at the door.)



7:30 p.m.    

  

saturday, june 15, 2024museum of the high plains - free events



fun & forgiveness, stories of churches, their role and contribution to the history and culture of our community…presented by area clergy, pastor clark bates, and rev. chuck peek.



9:00 a.m.

 

 stretching the imagination, storyteller and musician, paul strickland



10:15 a.m.



musical storytelling, musical artists, stillhouse junkies



11:15 a.m.  



george norris historical site



open house - home tours and storytelling with editorial cartoons



10 am - 3 pm

 

sehnert’s bakery



open mic - stories, poetry, and musicemcee: paul clarkfree event



12:30 - p.m.

  

mccook city library



kids fest - a kaleidoscope of colorsstories, activities, crafts, sing-along, and a performance by storyteller and musician, paul strickland and fun with music with singer/songwriter ginger ten bensel.free event



1:30 - 3:00 p.m.

  

sixth floor project/artbank mccook



visual storiestour the two galleries, prairie jewels, listen to and visualize the stories behind the art pieces, marvel at the creative inspiration.



1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.



 finding the pathsuccess, failures, and all the in-betweens. join artist lucas kotschwar as he discusses his work, the journey of living an art-mindful life, and staying true to yourself in the face of uncertainty.



2:30 p.m.

 

sehnert’s bakery



coming together, staying connected - dinner cabaretdinner followed by storyteller and musician, paul strickland, and musical feature, stillhouse junkiesreservations required includes dinner and show.tickets are $45. stop in or call the bakery at 308-345-6500.



6:30 p.m.



sunday, june 16, 2024museum of the high plains - free event!



voices from the pastan open house focused on the legacy of those individuals who inspired others and continue to contribute to our community through their strengths, talents, and vision.



2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.











festival 2023 remembered

















































































































tickets

event tickets





dining & hotels

try our unique dining options and enjoy your stay!






back to top




contact us




buffalo commons storytelling & music festival, mccook, neinfo@buffalocommons.org


visit us on facebook

 









 

site by acme printing co.








