





couples, marriage counseling, relationship therapy, royal oak, mi




































 



















phone 248-546-0407text to 248-744-6050phone 248-546-0407text (no calls) to 248-744-6050 (9 am-5 pm)email ushomestaffservicescouplescouples therapyinfidelitypre-marital counselingindividual therapyanxiety disorderschild and family therapyonline / video teletherapyarticlesfaqformslocationsrelationship institute royal oak officecareerscontact
relationship institutecreating healthy relationships since 1992
royal oak
couples
relationship problems? don’t wit until it’s too late. since 1992, we have helped thousands of couples just like you in southeastern michigan.
learn moreindividualshaving difficulty managing your relationships, behaviors or moods? meet with one of our experienced counselors to improve any of these areas of your life.
learn morechildren & familiesbehavior or mood issues in your family? let us help you create more harmony in your family, and improve the functioning of individual family members.
learn morewelcome to relationship institute
thank you for visiting our site. since 1992, our mission has been to help individuals, couples and families create healthy, fulfilling relationships that can last a lifetime. we offer couples / marriage counseling; individual counseling for adults; and child, teen & family therapy. contact us today to learn how we can help do the same for you. services available in royal oak. ​
learn more about usmeet our teamfaqhere are the most common questions we are asked about our services. hopefully this will answer most questions that you may have. if you still have additional questions beyond these, feel free to contact us at any time.​
learn moreformshere are forms for new clients to download and fill out before our initial session. this will enable us to make the most efficient use of your session time and have a solid understanding of your situation right from the start.
learn morelocationsthe relationship institute serves the online community, as well as communities in southeastern michigan. we have locations in royal oak. call 248-546-0407 for more information or to schedule an appointment; or email us a message or send a text (248) 744 6050
learn moreonline video telehealth
we are pleased to be able to offer teletherapy, which is phone or video therapy throughout the state of michigan, using hipaa-compliant telemedicine software.
our secure, easy-to-use programs allow our licensed therapy staff to conduct confidential counseling sessions with clients all over michigan.
more about telehealthconnect with us 

very impressed with the caring staff – from the first phone call to the office staff, to the way our sessions were handled. i felt like this is a place that really cares about people and does their best to help.
michelle g, birmingham mi 



therapy was something my husband didn’t want to do, but now he tells everyone what a great gift it has been to our relationship and our life.
mary t., northville mi 



relationship institute helped save our marriage after dealing with infidelity. as difficult as this was to deal with, we now have a closer, healthier relationship than before.
jim k, royal oak mi 









 royal oak office
27172 woodward avenue, suite 200
royal oak, michigan
map & directions
phone (248) 546-0407
text (248) 744-6050
email info@relationship-institute.com
contact uscopyright © 2023 · relationship institute
the relationship institute serves the online community, as well as communities in southeastern michigan, including: detroit royal oak troy birmingham southfield warren sterling heights bloomfield hills huntington woods farmington novi northville southgate utica macomb oakland wayne berkley ferndale pleasant ridge plymouth lathrup village livonia clawson clarkston auburn hills beverly hills waterford st. clair shores grosse pointe rochester dearborn inkster wixom walled lake and wyandotte
we provide marriage counseling, relationship therapy, family therapy, couples counseling, premarital counseling, singles and couples workshops, family counseling, child therapy, teen counseling, parenting guidance, help with add, adhd, divorce, relationship advice, as well as help with dating, love and communication.


 menu











