



  






local wally's guide to san diego





























































☰





						local wally's guide to san diego
					


cart





home






on a budget






cheap san diego on a budget




discount tickets









hotels






hotel cheat sheet




downtown & gaslamp




misson bay & pacific beach




shelter island + harbor island




old town + mission valley




coronado




la jolla




north coastal




legoland hotels




all discounted hotels







temecula winery 2 for 1 deals






eats






san diego good eats cheat sheet




downtown & gaslamp




old town, little italy & nearby




la jolla




north county (legoland)









attractions






top san diego attractions




places to see




things to do




local wally's guide to san diego wineries




discount tickets to attractions









more!






7 day agenda




north county beach towns




san diego faqs




san diego blog & press releases




instagrams




local wally guides


















local wally's guide to san diego








get legoland discount tickets here!






















































































help me rebuild my instagram account by following me @localwally

hello.  my name is local wally.






how do you find the best of san diego?  you ask a local....but not just any local. you ask local wally, the local guy who's been giving straight insider's advice to san diego tourists and locals alike since 1996. i'm not a big corporation, i'm just a local guy who loves san diego and wants to make sure you have a great time in my hometown. from finding the best hotel in san diego to the best restaurants to avoiding the tourist traps, that's that local wally is all about.whether you're a local looking for things to do or a tourist planning a trip, it's all here - including the things that everyone from fodors to the travel channel misses, and trust me, they miss a lot. but how could they know? they're not locals!do you know what parts of town to stay in, and what parts to avoid? or what summer month is famous for vacation ruining overcast skies? where do locals eat and what tourist traps are actually worth visiting? you don't know? well local wally does! stick with me and i'll guide you to the best restaurants, the best attractions, the best sunsets, the best places to stay, everything that makes san diego the perfect spot for vacations and fun. there's no sales pitch, no hidden agenda, just good stuff about san diego from me to you. if it's good, it's here. if it's not, it's not.best hotels - top attractions - best restaurants - san diego on a budget - san diego faq’stemecula wine tasting 2 for 1 discounts



new trending articles






featured

























who won the best tacos at the 2024 san diego food + wine fest???
































san diego food + wine fest 2025: let's start with a review of 2024
































las cuatro milpas going out of business: fake news!
































temecula 2 for 1 pass: $39 per couple, cheaper than groupon offer
































locals pick the 16 must see spots in san diego!
































mabel's gone fishing: what to expect from san diego's hottest seafood restaurant






















san diego's original local guy and longest running tourist guide.. since 1996
















latest discount deals for 2024complete list of discounted attractions, from the san diego zoo, legoland to disneyland










































view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize









follow me on instagram @localwally and tag #localwally.since 1996 local wally has been helping visitors and locals alike find the best of san diego.  no hidden agenda, no fake reviews to please an advertiser, just the most complete and honest guide to america's finest city.   winner of best local san diego blog award, 2014.  the original san diego local guy and still the best source for your vacation in paradise.  copyright 2023visit my other guides, too!   napa tourist guide  |  sonoma tourist guide |  






get updates, discounts & news!






first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy. i promise not to spam you even though i love spam.
signing up for local wally updates was the smartest thing you've ever done.  go take a break, you deserve it.



















for advertising rates and content consideration email me at wally@localwally.com. 













