










home - pocono builder association



















































  

















skip to content












menu


directory

member directory
committees


events & programs

event calendar
builder & trade professional awards
golf tournament
home show
scholarship


about

about us
association leadership
job postings
contact us


membership

member login
membership application
member benefits
member resources
get involved
digital directory & buyer’s guide


consumers

consumer info
find a professional
digital directory & buyer’s guide


podcasts, news, media

podcast episodes
members giving back
news
facebook


join now
 





















 the pocono builders association
who are we?
discover the best in construction! our members are skilled professionals in the trades, delivering exceptional craftsmanship and service. with so much happening, now is the perfect time to connect with us. if you have what it takes, come chat with us about becoming a member today!







the pocono builders association invites you to join us at the 2025 greater pocono home & outdoor living show:
saturday, april 5th &  sunday april 6th, kalahari resorts and conventions, pocono manor, pa.
benefits of exhibiting at the 2025 greater pocono home & outdoor living show april 5th & 6th at kalahari resorts and conventions
exhibiting at the 2025 greater pocono home & outdoor living show offers you an unparalleled opportunity to showcase your business in a state-of-the-art convention space at a cost-effective price. benefit from a robust, multi-media advertising campaign designed to reach thousands of motivated consumers across all counties in greater northeast pennsylvania—and beyond.
this event is more than just exposure; it’s your chance to generate quality leads and connect face-to-face with attendees who are ready to schedule appointments and sign contracts. among all advertising options for builders and remodelers, nothing compares to the roi of direct, in-person engagement.
don’t miss your chance to stand out in the region’s premier home and outdoor living showcase!
the perfect venue to market your products and service, create brand recognition and build relationships.
affordable sponsorship opportunities are available: starting at just $100 for a brochure sponsor, ensuring your materials are included in every attendee bag. for maximum visibility , consider our $1,500 gold sponsorship, which includes a premium booth location to enhance your brand’s exposure and impact. please note: both opportunities are exclusively available to exhibitors in the 2025 show.
 

easy access booth installation by appointment.
 reserve kalahari forklift and operator for a fee.
complimentary wifi
family friendly scavenger hunt for children
designated vendor parking and convenient consumer parking.
vendor special kalahari room rate which include 4 passes to the water park.
professional, knowledgeable and experienced staff!

register today!
























looking to join the pocono builders association? 
contact our office






pocono builders association, stroudsburg, pa 18360
the pocono builders association is the unified voice of the pocono mountain's building industry. the organization represents the builders, remodelers, suppliers, and service providers of northeastern pennsylvania to provide education, advocacy, economic development, and promote high standards.
the pocono builders association is dedicated to the collective creation of value for its members and consumers. browse or search our online directory to find a building professional, login to our member portal to access valuable resources, or contact us for more information on how to get involved.































2024 pba
membership digital directory:
click here
 






looking to join the pocono builders association? contact our office































2024 all star magazine
real estate digital issue:
click here
 






looking to join the pocono builders association? contact our office

















find it here






the pocono builders association provides endless valuable tools for both members and consumers. click on an image below to learn more about us, find members, access helpful tools, and get involved in our community.
















                                find a professional                            














                                register for an event                            














                                get involved                            














                                consumer info                            














                                scholarships                            














                                member resources                            













view directory


















always informed






stay up to date with the latest from the pocono builders association and our members.











upcoming events
















latest news


















pocono builders association
















thank you to our sponsors





















                                yutz merkle                            














                                nahb                            














                                pbip                            














                                nahb member discounts                            














                                nauman, inc.                            





































 












© 2025 pocono builder association
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













(570) 421-9009 














745 main street, ste. 203stroudsburg, pa 18360 














pocbldrs@ptd.net 










additional resources






bureau of consumer protection
pa state builders association
national association of home builders









stay connected!






































 © 

 pocono builder association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top












