

 





















blue ox | towing products for recreational & commercial towing











































































 
























skip to content













 



towing





trailer towing

weight distributing hitches

swayprotrackpro2-point 
5th wheel hitchesreceiver hitchesadjustable ball mountshitch accessories 
 


flat towing

patriot brakerecreational tow barsbaseplateswiring kitsflat towing accessories 
 


accessories

brakes and accessoriesprotective equipmentflat towing accessories5th wheel accessories 
 


blueox blog

blueoxhow toinformationtow bars infotowing info 
 
 





	want more insight into towing? check out our blueox blog!
 
 

find a baseplateabout us





about us

about uscontact uscareersbrand ambassadors 
 


other

towing & rv glossarytowing guidefaq 
 
 

eventswarrantydealer locatorsearch  





0











blue ox tow bars








weight distributing hitches learn more















weight distributing hitches learn more














flat towing learn more














5th wheel hitches learn more
















watch now



the pull of adventure
blue ox has a solution for everything you want to tow. from our award winning tow bars and innovative baseplates to a full line of sway control and weight distributing hitches, towing doesn’t have to be a drag.

















blue ox. the top choice of rvers. year after year.

chances are you have seen us on the road. that’s because at blue ox, we design and manufacture the best towing products in the industry. but don’t take our word for it; just look around. you’ll find us on highways, campgrounds, and anywhere you find people traveling through life in the great outdoors.
blue ox has a solution for everything you want to tow. from our award-winning tow bars and innovative baseplates to a full line of sway control and weight-distributing hitches and 5th wheel hitches, towing doesn’t have to be a drag. we create all of our products to make towing more accessible, so you can stay focused on the road ahead and not what’s behind you.



















                                    new products                                



                                    blue ox mud flap systems                                

                                    learn more                                







                                    new products                                



                                    bxh9001 hitch step                                

                                    learn more                                







                                    new products                                



                                    bx88439 trailer levelers                                

                                    learn more                                







                                    new products                                



                                    vehicle receiver hitches                                

                                    learn more                                






featured blogs







what vehicles can be flat towed?
many rvers prefer flat towing, or pulling a vehicle with all four wheels down, and it’s easy to understand why. when traveling in an rv, once you reach your destination, having a separate vehicl[...]
continue reading 









guide to measuring tongue weight
making sure you understand the various weight needs and limitations associated with your rig is one of the most important things you can do to keep your family and yourself safe while towing a travel [...]
continue reading 









can you back up with a tow bar?
when towing a vehicle behind your rv, there are some things you be aware of. if you have experience with flat-towing a vehicle behind an rv, this scenario might sound familiar. imagine that you’re p[...]
continue reading 









top rv destinations in the us
rv travel is becoming increasingly popular in the united states. the lure of the open road and seeing the country in a way that provides freedom, comfort, and quality time with family is appealing to [...]
continue reading 









how to prevent trailer sway
whether you’re a seasoned driver with years of experience or you’re just learning the ins and outs of pulling a trailer, everyone should be aware of the danger of trailer sway and how to p[...]
continue reading 









trailer towing basics
if you’ve ever heard someone say that towing a trailer is just like driving a car, don’t listen to them. they’re sadly mistaken! drivers who have been towing trailers for years might[...]
continue reading 









8 ways swaypro is user-friendly
when you’re out on the open road, traveling with your family, trailer in tow, you want the safest towing experience possible. trailer sway is one of the leading causes of accidents involving trailer[...]
continue reading 









what to do when trailer sway starts
no matter how much trailer towing experience you may have, any driver can experience loss of control over their trailer without warning. and if you have ever experienced that scary moment when trailer[...]
continue reading 











support your local dealer

find a dealer















bob m
des moines, ia
high quality company making high quality products

 

i wish all of my equipment held up as well as my blue ox does. i have not found higher quality equipment anywhere. we have made multiple trips from ohio to alaska and northern canada and i would not trust any other equipment. we have also been to blue ox in pender ne to get our equipment tuned up and serviced. high quality company making high quality products.



kate h
winston salem, nc
top-notch service and facilities

 

we had an amazing experience. thank you. one week into our four months on the road and our hitch became damaged. i don’t know where, when, or how. we called blue ox. fortunately, we were in nebraska. we headed to the factory a day’s journey out of our path. we are now in the blue ox campground, free to customers, our hitch is repaired for a reasonable parts fee, and we are on our way tomorrow. top-notch service and facilities.



kirk b
houston, tx
best hitch i have ever owned

 

britton, thanks again for your time yesterday. you were very thorough and patient with me to make sure i understood and became comfortable with my blue ox swaypro hitch. without a doubt you know your product very well, not just from a sales aspect but from the science and operational aspect as well. in today’s environment it’s rare to find someone who is willing to spend the extra time and effort to assure the customers confidence and satisfaction in a product. i wish you many years of success and again thank you for your time. may god bless you, your family, and blue ox. a customer for life.



eric
richmond, va
best tow bar in the industry

 

best tow bar in the industry & amazing service. call ahead and set up a tour of the facility. we love to see america at work! their staff is extra friendly, and the campground for their customers is five stars. thanks to cody for the tour & steve for the service on our bar. great experience! worth the drive to see them.



richard
new york city, ny
outstanding customer service

 

i’ve dealt with a lot of companies in my 70+ years. the customer service at blueox is second to none.



bob
los angeles, ca
high quality equipment

 

i wish all my equipment held up as well as my blue ox does. i have not found higher quality equipment anywhere. we have made multiple trips from ohio to alaska and northern canada, and i would not trust any other equipment. we have also been to blue ox in pender ne to get our equipment tuned up and serviced. high quality company making high quality products.



trampes
des moines, ia
top tier products and customer service

 

my go to brand for weight distribution. top tier quality products with a top-notch customer service team. if you are looking for a towing solution look no further



rose
green bay, wi
friendly, knowledgeable and easy to work with

 

we just worked with rebekah and bob to get our new 2022 car set up to be towed behind our rv with the blue ox tow bar and braking system. they were very friendly and easy to work with. they were able to answer all our questions. we are looking forward to trying it out this spring!!


















                                            the blue ox towing guide                                        

                                            everything you need to know                                        


                                                get started                                            












towing doesn’t have to be a drag. – access insider tips and be the first to know about new products and specials.
please check your inbox for the opt-in email





email(required)

enter your email addresscaptchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  























associations 



















































customer care: 800-228-9289
mon-fri 8:00-5:00 cst


order status: 1-855-682-0369


info@blueox.com










flat towingrecreational tow bars
baseplates
wiring kits
flat towing accessories
brakes
 



trailer towing5th wheel hitches
weight distributing hitches
swaypro weight distributing hitch
trackpro weight distributing hitch
2-point weight distribution
hitch accessories
adjustable ball mounts
 



contact uscontact us
brand ambassadors
blueox blog
careers
blue ox® events
dealer locator
warranty registration
faq
 



informationcustomer care: 800-228-9289
phone: 402-385-3051
fax: 402-385-3360
mon-fri 8:00-5:00 cst
dealer portal
privacy policy
 









                        © 2014 - 2025 blue ox, a hesse enterprises company  |  all rights reserved | designed by vea technologies






















 



















































your shopping cart
[x] hide


cart is empty!!






