








home





























































facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramgoogle+



homeshopaboutprostaff appteam appgambler tv blogcontactdealer login
















































everything you need to swim jig fish for bass 

the gambler gear up total swim jig package is everything you need to catch bass on swim jigs.  


more
 









free tournaments 

check out the latest gambler no entry-fee tournament and get signed up to fish one of the coolest events on the water. great prizes & great fun!


more
 









social feed 

what's hot with gambler social media?  stay tuned in and on top of all that's new, great techniques, giant fish, and come cool vids!


more
 









shop 

get stocked up on all everything gambler.  whether you're searching for baits, weights, or apparrel - it's all here. 


more
 


























				"show and catch" shakey shad smallies


the combination of some solid electronics, a little know how, and a perfect drop shot bait lead to some sweet smallies! 



 






				lake lanier spotted bass


taking it to spotted bass on lake lanier with hammond's fishing center.  



 






				big okeechobee jigzilla bass


taking a custom rigged jigzilla to big lake okeechobee largemouths!



 






				best bass bite ever captured underwater


flat out one of the best bites captured underwater on a gambler little ez - you have to see this!



 






				twin 8lbs giants on the jigzilla


when it rains it pours - here are two giant 8+ pounders caught on the jigzilla punching jig.



 






				punching out the win


punching out the win...



 


view all vids -> 











about us  







  better baits, better fishing, better time on the water 




get the gambler app free 
  
 
  lures has one goal: catching you more and bigger fish.
we rely on offering new and innovative products that perform across a variety of waters and species.  we love what we do and we know you value your time outdoors - we're here to help you make the most of it!




		more		









latest news










				2018  lake okeechobee free tournament scheduled


it's the original free tounament coming back to the very venu where it started!!!


more
 














most popular







 
burner worm



 





 
ugly otter



 





 
shakey shad



 





 
ace



 





 
mega daddy



 





 
ez swimbait
 



 






















gambler lures 2025 © privacy policy



homeshopaboutgambler tv blogcontactdealer login










 



