











department of chemistry – college of letters & science – uw–madison



































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of chemistry

college of letters & science




search






menu
open menu


close





people
expand


collapse



all people
faculty
staff
postdocs
graduate students
in memoriam


academics
expand


collapse



graduate degree programs
undergraduate
courses
syllabus library
academic support
student organizations
academic calendar
financial support
career services


research
seminars & events
facilities & services
expand


collapse



facilities
building info


outreach
expand


collapse



badger chemist news
research experience for undergraduates (reu)
wi crystal growing competition
middle school science bowl


safety
about
expand


collapse



welcome
fast facts
life in madison, wi
visitor information
scholarships, fellowships & awards
community, diversity, equity & inclusion
employment
contact us


 



home
alumni & friends
community
give
intranet
myuw
wellness
 





our labs, lecture halls, write-up rooms, and group discussion spaces are in lockstep with changes in chemical education.

                  learn more about our state-of-the-art facility.                



the uw-madison department of chemistry is nationally recognized for its award-winning program, renowned courses, seminars, and research discoveries.

                  learn more about our department                



world-class instruction and research at the cutting edge.

                  find out more about graduate programs at uw–madison department of chemistry.                



undergraduates benefit from collaboration, engaged discussion, and unique learning opportunities at the uw–madison department of chemistry.

                  find out more about our undergraduate program.                






 





 
 
 
 


welcome






 



research

graduate and undergraduate students and postdoctoral fellows collaborate with faculty and staff on research spanning all of the chemical sciences.  we frequently collaborate across groups within the department, across campus, across states, and even across countries.

 





 



graduate degree programs

the department of chemistry is ranked very highly in all recent national rankings of graduate programs. we offer a doctor of philosophy in chemistry, a master of science in chemistry, and the bridge to the doctorate program in conjunction with the american chemical society.

gre is not required for fall 2021 admission.

 





 



undergraduate

the undergraduate chemistry major leads to a bachelor of science or a bachelor of arts degree awarded by the college of letters & science. the curriculum provides excellent preparation in chemistry, along with a wide breadth of liberal arts coursework. 

 
 
 
 


 
at the uw-madison department of chemistry, world-class education and groundbreaking research go hand-in-hand to provide a collaborative and innovative environment for the thousands of students, faculty, and staff that we serve.
about the department of chemistry >>

 
 
 
 


featured news2024 warf innovation award winners: professor song jin and graduate student katelyn michaelthe wisconsin alumni research foundation (warf) announced today that professor song jin and graduate student katelyn michael have won the 2024 warf innovation award for their work, inventive electrochemical process breaks down ‘forever chemicals. six …december 11, 2024professor judith burstyn named director at nsfprofessor judith burstyn will take leave of absence from the department of chemistry to join the national science foundation (nsf) division of chemistry as its division director in january 2025. the position is a two-year …november 8, 2024prof. silvia cavagnero to receive prestigious 2025 emily m. gray awardthe biophysical society is pleased to announce that silvia cavagnero, phd, of the university of wisconsin-madison, has been named the recipient of the 2025 emily m. gray award. cavagnero will be honored at the society’s …september 25, 2024scientists use oxygen to pull valuable chemicals from organic wasteseptember 19, 2024more featured news posts 
more

awards2024 warf innovation award winners: professor song jin and graduate student katelyn michaelthe wisconsin alumni research foundation (warf) announced today that professor song jin and graduate student katelyn michael have won the 2024 warf innovation award for their work, inventive electrochemical process breaks down ‘forever chemicals. six …prof. silvia cavagnero to receive prestigious 2025 emily m. gray awardthe biophysical society is pleased to announce that silvia cavagnero, phd, of the university of wisconsin-madison, has been named the recipient of the 2025 emily m. gray award. cavagnero will be honored at the society’s …professor widicus weaver and assistant professor todd awarded research forward 2024 award for a project investigating life on planets outside our solar system.professor suzanna widicus weaver and assistant professor zoe todd from the department of chemistry, along with seven co-pis have won a research forward 2024 award for a project entitled “searching for signs of life in …prof. huang awarded research forward 2024 award for a project using ai to identify molecular glues relevant to the development of cancer-fighting drugs.prof. xuhui huang of the department of chemistry, along with co-pis computer faculty sharon li and professor of pharmacy weiping tang have won a research forward 2024 award for a project entitled “a novel deep …more awards & honors posts 
more



submit a story idea    submit an award

 


 
 
 



 
 


site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linksdirectory
graduate degree programs
undergraduate
employment at chemistry
safety
contact us
 
normalundergraduate office
graduate office
communications
webmaster


contact us1101 university avenue
madison, wi 53706
 map
map marker


email: connect@chem.wisc.edu
phone: (608) 262-1486

facebook


x twitter


instagram


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: connect@chem.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













