













rocky mountain lodge: cabin rental at pikes peak near colorado springs



















































rocky mountain lodge



skip to header rotation
skip to main content










 


main menu




logolodging

pikes peak guest cabinamenitiescheck availabilitybook nowgift certificatesmexico resorts
about

policiesgalleryblognewsletter signupgift shopgift certificates
specials/packages

specialspackagesromance packagesactivity packagesgift shopgift certificates
area

attractionsdining
recipeslocation

mapdirectionscontact us
719-684-2521reservations 





















rocky  mountain lodgeguest cabin vacation rental for two at pikes peak






nestled in the rocky mountains at the entrance to pikes peak sits the guest cabin at rocky mountain lodge, this rustic and elegant accommodation is just what you would expect to find in a colorado vacation rental.
we are located in the small mountain community of cascade, co just 6 miles west of colorado springs, 5 miles west of manitou springs, and 6 miles east of woodland park, in the historic ute pass of the rocky mountains. cascade is in the mountains at pikes peak, colorado’s majestic 14,115 foot mountain, where the song “america the beautiful” was penned. rocky mountain lodge is the perfect place for your outdoor adventure vacation, romantic getaway, or honeymoon.
 

the lodge was built in 1939 on 2 1/2 acres with beautiful mountain views, graced by spruce and ponderosa pine trees and surrounded by a grove of scrub oak and lilac bushes.
our pikes peak guest cabin is a vacation rental perfect for two adults and is located adjacent to the lodge.
outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy hiking, biking, horseback riding, whitewater rafting, train rides, zip-lining, hot air ballooning, golfing, fishing, and much more! see our packages page for some of the packages available, our specials page for the current specials and discounts we offer, anhttps://www.rockymountainlodge.com/packages.htmd our recipes page for our featured recipes!
while lodging with us, enjoy the many area attractions in cascade, colorado springs, manitou springs, and woodland park, such as pikes peak, garden of the gods, manitou cliff dwellings, cave of the winds, rock ledge ranch, gambling and mining tours in cripple creek, the pro rodeo hall of fame, andrew wommack ministries & charis bible college, focus on the family, the us air force academy, fort carson, colorado college, pikes peak community college, university of colorado at colorado springs (uccs), colorado christian university, and much more!
for an extra special occasion such as a romantic getaway, colorado honeymoon, or an anniversary, consider adding one of our romance packages to your stay. and let us help make your trip even more fun by adding to your stay some of the most popular activities in the pikes peak region.
voted “best for an anniversary/romantic getaway”, “best to visit again and again”, and “best with nearby attractions” by arrington’s inn traveler magazine!
we look forward to having you as our guests!
brian & debbie

read more 







pikes peak guest cabin luxury vacation rental for two at pikes peak the pikes peak guest cabin is the perfect vacation rental for a romantic getaway, honeymoon, or as a base for your colorado vacation while exploring pikes peak.
check it out 





 








 





packages romance & activity packages enhance your stay and let us take care of the work for you by adding on one or more of our romance or activity packages.
find your package 








 
specials
find specials, discounts & special offers here
current specials


 
attractions
so much to do in the pikes peak area
explore the area


 
recipes
try our many recipes and watch our cooking videos
entice your tastebuds









gift shop 
gift shoppurchase our cookbooks, coffee mugs, wine glasses, champagne flutes, and more.
visit our gift shop 







gift certificates 
gift certificatesgift certificates make great gifts! give someone special the opportunity to stay at rocky mountain lodge with a gift certificate.
purchase gift certificates 










 visit mexico!

we also offer lodging at luxury 5-diamond beach-front resorts in cancun, cabo san lucas and puerto vallarta. from comfortable studios to spacious penthouses there’s a place for all at these ocean-front resorts. all inclusive dining available at some of the best restaurants in mexico.
mexico resorts 





read our recent posts
 benefits of booking direct
there are many benefits in booking direct through a hotel, resort, bed and breakfast, vacation rental or cabin.... read more
 
 spend valentine’s day in a...
what's more romantic for valentine's day than in a little cabin, cozying up in front of a fireplace sipping coffee... read more
 
 rita the rock planter
rita the rock planter is another massive troll sculpture in victor, colorado, completed on august 3, 2023 and... read more
 








4680 hagerman ave cascade, co 80809                        phone: 719.684.2521
email | website
accessibility | privacy | site map 

facebook
twitter
pinterest
google
instagram
tripadvisor
youtube



sign up for our newsletter
sign up to get area information and special offers

sign up now














© rocky mountain lodge 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.






call for assistance719.684.2521 


›
have a question?text us at7196842521













 


call
rooms
map
gallery
reserve




 

