

 


homepage – rotherham metropolitan borough council



















































                    skip to content
                



                    skip to navigation
                







        essential it maintenance
    
we are carrying out essential work to our it systems this weekend. some of our online forms will be unavailable during this time. to speak with us urgently, please call 01709 382121.














your accountmenu 



hello, how can we help you?


        search this site
    



search








close menu







close



about the councilbusiness and economychildren and familiescommunity and livingcouncil tax and benefitseducation and learningenvironment and wastehealth and social carehousingjobs and careersleisure and cultureplanning and developmenttransport and streetssee all newssee all events
close menu





rotherham metropolitan borough council - home page









catcliffe glass cone
















     what do you want to do today?




flood help and financial support




search and apply for jobs




check your housing rent account balance




get the bin app




view or comment on a planning application




money and debt advice




apply for a blue badge




sign up for garden waste collections




report a concern about a child or young person




report abuse or neglect of an adult at risk




pay for something




apply for a rothercard




sign into or register for your account
















about the council









find out about council meetings and committees




find out about our priorities through to 2025 and our progress




find out about our current consultations




find your ward councillor














    council services





about the council





business and economy





children and families





community and living





council tax and benefits





education and learning





environment and waste





health and social care





housing





jobs





leisure and culture





planning and development





transport and streets





news





events



view all services











    rotherham news





delivering on our commitments: rotherham council's budget for 2025/26
see more about: delivering on our commitments: rotherham council's budget for 2025/26





rotherham council opens registration for its universal baby packs
see more about: rotherham council opens registration for its universal baby packs



see all news







    rotherham events




feb
23



create your own bee garden decoration craft
see more about: create your own bee garden decoration craft




feb
01



what is on this february?
see more about: what is on this february?



see all events











stay connected
sign up for our newsletter














about this websiteaccessibility statementprivacylanguagescontact uslocationterms and conditions 


































all content © 2025  rotherham metropolitan borough council. all rights reserved.

                                designed and powered by jadu.
                            
















