








las vegas visitor guide to hotels, restaurants and shows



























all vegas guide



 toggle main menu visibility


home
vacation attractions
las vegas hotels
las vegas restaurants
las vegas shows
downtown las vegas
transportation



















las vegas guide to hotels, restaurants, shows and attractions


all vegas guide is a collection of articles, videos, reviews and tips so you can get the most out of your las vegas vacation. people visit las vegas for many different reasons, so you'll have to pick and choose what information applies to you. hopefully, you'll find one of two tips that make your next stay in las vegas just a bit more fun!
if you are visiting las vegas for the first time, you should absolutely look at our basic advice for all section. it includes basic information about what to avoid, gambling advice, how to avoid scams, avoiding bad parts of town, getting discounts, transportation options and other basic information to hit the ground running.
the las vegas hotel reviews section should give you a few ideas about where to stay before you arrive and then once you're here, the las vegas restaurant reviews and las vegas show reviews sections have a list of our avg favorite five in each category for each section.







popular sections


basic advice for visitors
unique vacation attractions
gambling strategy
poker in las vegas
discounts and deals
free activities
las vegas golf courses
must see sites





transportation

las vegas monorail
las vegas bus service
las vegas shuttle service
las vegas sky trams
car rentals in las vegas
limo service in las vegas

transportation in las vegas ›










hotel reviews
reviews from all vegas guide destination specialists and from select guests that provide information that could be helpful to anyone else visiting las vegas.




restaurant reviews
one of the best things about las vegas is all the dining options that you have. we'll try to help you pick the best locations based on your dining preference.




show reviews
when shows can cost $100 and up, it helps to get some information about the shows so you can make an educated decision about what show to see.














singer for private and corporate events
that's right, you can book your own singer to provide unique entertainment at your next private or corporate event in las vegas. kim olson has been entertaining audiences for over 3 decades. after casually asking his audience a few questions, kim has a unique talent of creating a custom song with custom lyrics that he can immediately play for the small group in front of him or for a large audience. as you can imagine, your guests will remember that song forever!
check out our list of other people you can hire such as a stage or close-up magician, your own craft cocktail bartender, a frank sinatra impersonator and more to make your private or corporate event the talk of the town!
for hire entertainment








downtown las vegas fremont street


it's no secret that downtown las vegas is my favorite place to be when i'm visiting las vegas. it still has the feel of old las vegas instead of the stuffy corporate atmosphere you'll find at the resorts on the las vegas strip. some of my favorite things in las vegas can be found downtown from the banger brewery to the many speakeasies and unique restaurants on east fremont street.
the atmosphere itself downtown is a show. the street performers ranging from magicians to singers and barely clothed showgirls are fun if nothing else (be sure to tip them if you like their show) and it's just fun to sit back and people watch.
the other benefit of staying in downtown las vegas is everything is much more reasonably priced from the rooms to the the table minimums on the casino floors. my favorite place to stay is the golden nugget. it's in the middle of everything, it's classy and it has a pool area with a 200,000 gallon shark tank as it's centerpiece.
and just because you're downtown, that doesn't mean you can't easily see the rest of the attractions and shows on the strip by catching the deuce double decker bus and taking it all the way to the other end of the strip from downtown with many stops along the way.



las vegas high rollers
although they are extremely difficult to reserve, the mgm grand mansion suites are the best high-roller accommodations that i've seen so far in las vegas. some suites are as big as 12,000 square feet and include very unique services and amenities that you have to see to believe. if you have enough clout to reserve one of their mansion suites, it's not likely you'll be disappointed.










other resources in the state of nevada

las vegas weather
state of nevada
nevada tourism
nevada legislature
state bar of nevada
nevada gaming commission
nevada state parks
lv rocks internet radio
las vegas radio station list
las vegas real estate homes



las vegas newspapers and television stations

las vegas review journal
las vegas sun
ksnv - tv 3 (nbc)
kvvu - tv 5 (fox)
klas - tv 8 (cbs)
ktnv - tv 13 (abc)

















© all vegas guide, all rights reserved legal disclaimer
email: info@allvegasguide.com phone: (714) 995‑3122


custom website design by bill elgin




















