































chief probation officers of california - cpoc







 


skip to main content
skip to site navigation 








chief probation officersof california


chief probation officers of california
cpoc


search
menu














more options



 














header link september 27, 2017 



training calendar



read more
 








header link october 3, 2018 for anonymous users 



chiefs login



read more
 




 







aboutaffiliates
annual cpoc awards
committees
departments & agencies
member roster
what is california probation


conferences8th annual foster care conference
cpoc statewide conference
juvenile realignment conference
past foster care conferences
sb 678 conference


contact
cpocf trainingcpoc on-demand
training calendar
training catalog 2024-2025
training managers


employment opportunities
legislation
newsfeatured programs
news coverage
press releases
success stories
the connector newsletter


partners
resources & infoconversations with the chiefs
educational materials
informational workshops
realignment
policy resources
studies, reports & data


the probation connection podcasta podcast from the chief probation officers of california





















post august 16, 2017 


 


protectrehabilitateaccountability

enforce



how we're leading the change
 




 





home 









post august 16, 2017 



changing lives & preventing victims

dedicated to strengthening california communities through research, training, leadership, and advocacy. our work creates more effective probation departments and supports policy that influences positive change throughout the state.



read more
 




 












post august 16, 2017 



youth served in their community

90%



read more
 








post august 16, 2017 



fewer prison revocations

47%



read more
 








post august 16, 2017 



decrease in juvenile felony arrest

73%



read more
 








post august 23, 2017 



juvenile arrest rate decline

60%



read more
 




 




spotlight








article february 14, 2025 



rachelle gayton appointed chief probation officer for yolo county




  from 
the davis enterprise.


yolo county, calif., — february 14,
  2025 — yolo county interim administrator dirk
  brazil has announced the appointment of rachelle gayton as chief
  probation officer. gayton has been serving as probation division
  manager and most recently as interim chief probation officer
  following the resignation of dan fruchtenicht in january. 
 

read more
 








article october 23, 2024 



serving those who have served: veterans’ treatment court provides support in lieu of incarceration



 


  from 
sacramento news & review, by anne
  stokes


sacramento, ca | october 26,
  2023 — while post-traumatic stress disorder affects
  millions of people, veterans suffer at higher rates than
  civilians, three times more for those who were deployed.
  according to the u.s. department of veterans affairs, 11-20% of
  veterans who served in operations iraqi freedom and enduring
  freedom have ptsd in a given year. approximately 12% of gulf war
  veterans and an estimated 30% of vietnam veterans struggle with
  ptsd. symptoms include persistent flashbacks or nightmares,
  difficulty with emotional regulation, particularly anger
  management, and reckless or self-destructive behavior. through
  california’s veterans’ treatment court, veterans facing criminal
  charges may be eligible for treatment rather than punishment.


  “the most common [struggle] for vets is ptsd [and] tbis, which
  are traumatic brain injuries, just from service. that can turn
  into addictions, can turn into anger issues, and those can turn
  into other criminal activities if it goes far enough,” says kevin
  cadena, senior deputy probation officer with sacramento county.


  “approximately 90% of the veterans in veterans’ treatment court
  are combat veterans from mainly the first gulf war, operation
  iraqi freedom and operation enduring freedom. many have
  experienced gruesome events.”


  the goal of veterans’ treatment court is to address the
  underlying issues at hand in the hopes of getting those who have
  served their country back on their feet.
 

read more
 








article october 2, 2024 



anthony’s story of justice and recovery



 


from 
  the press enterprise. by anthony
  martinez. 


  as our communities come together to celebrate national recovery
  month, i want to take a moment to share my personal journey. my
  hope is that by telling my story, i can help inform ongoing
  discussions about addiction and criminal justice, while offering
  some hope to those who struggle with addiction.


  i am a recovered addict, and am proud to say i have been sober
  for almost five years. my recovery journey has been shaped by
  many factors, but a few stand out as the most important: my
  family, especially my daughter, who never gave up on me; my faith
  in god; the treatment programs like the one i attended at the
  salvation army; and, surprisingly, the justice system.


  in particular, i am deeply grateful for one of my probation
  officers who treated me with respect and compassion, seeing me as
  a human being.
 

read more
 








article september 17, 2024 karen pank 



reassessing california’s approach to public safety and reentry



 


  by karen pank, executive director, chief
  probation officers of california.


  every day, new reports of crime shake communities across
  california. recent high-profile violent crime incidents have
  intensified concerns about public safety and the policies guiding
  safety decisions in our state. but it’s not just the high-profile
  cases that have california residents shaken, it’s the
  too-close-to-home incidents we all see on the streets of the
  communities in which we live every day.


  it’s natural to wonder who or what is to blame and ask why this
  surge in crime is happening and what went wrong within our
  communities and public safety systems. the reality is that the
  situation is both straightforward and complex.


  as on-the-ground experts in community safety and rehabilitation,
  probation officers have seen firsthand how the state’s efforts to
  dictate how to address policy issues that impact public safety
  are attacking the problem from the wrong point of view. while
  well-intentioned, the state’s top-down approach, which has not
  fully taken into account the expertise and input of the
  professionals who do this work every day at the local level – is
  failing.
 

read more
 








article september 30, 2024 



orange county probation officer earns award from madd



 



orange, cali., september 11, 2024
    –  in a world where driving under
    the influence (dui) remains a critical public safety concern,
    the dedication and innovative approaches within the justice
    system can make a significant difference. one such individual,
    ronald de la riva, is a recently honored member of the orange
    county probation department, whose work with dui court programs
    has earned him the 2024 outstanding probation officer of the
    year from mothers against drunk driving (madd). the following
    insights shed light on this remarkable journey, from
    groundbreaking initiatives to a lasting impact on the
    community.
  

    a career built on commitment
  

    the madd 2024 outstanding probation officer of the year award
    was not a spontaneous accolade but rather a result of a
    deliberate and impactful career. de la riva joined dui court as
    a supervising probation officer (spo) in 2013. his drive to
    improve dui interventions was influenced by a department wide
    initiative towards evidence-based practices (ebps). this
    commitment to employing effective, research-backed methods
    rather than traditional approaches laid the foundation for
    significant advancements in the dui court program.
  
 

read more
 




 












pod august 16, 2017 



victim resources



 


ca department of
  justice victims’ services unit – the victims’ services unit
  offers crime victims and their families support and information
  at every stage of the criminal process. 


ca dept. of
  corrections and rehabilitation, ovsrs – provides information
  on offender release, restitution, parole conditions and parole
  hearings when the offender is incarcerated in prison.
  1-877-256-6877  
 

read more
 








pod august 16, 2017 



careers



 

read more
 








pod august 16, 2017 



resource library



 

read more
 








pod august 16, 2017 



training calendar



 

read more
 








pod august 16, 2017 



legislative forum



 

read more
 








pod march 27, 2024 



conferences



 

read more
 








pod august 16, 2017 



research & data



 

read more
 




 


 





latest news
see all news
 






article february 14, 2025 



rachelle gayton appointed chief probation officer for yolo county




  from 
the davis enterprise.


yolo county, calif., — february 14,
  2025 — yolo county interim administrator dirk
  brazil has announced the appointment of rachelle gayton as chief
  probation officer. gayton has been serving as probation division
  manager and most recently as interim chief probation officer
  following the resignation of dan fruchtenicht in january. 
 

read more
 








article february 14, 2025 



icymi: umberg introduces measure to provide funding for prop 36 implementation




  from fullerton
  observer.


the office of senator tom umberg, 34th district, press
  release – february 14, 2025 – senator
  thomas j. umberg (d-santa ana) announced the introduction of his
  senate bill 38 which proposes to make drug and collaborative
  courts eligible for competitive grants administered by the board
  of state and community corrections (bscc).


  voters approved of proposition 47 on the november 2014 ballot
  which generated savings with its implementation.  sixty-five
  percent of these savings are set aside annually for the bscc to
  administer a competitive grant program for services related to
  mental health, substance use treatment, and diversion. 


  this past november, voters overwhelmingly approved proposition 36
  which, among other things, established a “treatment mandated
  felony” option for people with two or more prior serious drug
  convictions. this would allow people with serious addictions to
  choose drug treatment rather than incarceration as a pathway to
  recovery and rehabilitation.


  “the voters have spoken loud and clear,” said senator umberg,
  “it’s our job now to make sure that proposition 36 is given the
  support it needs to succeed.”


  senator umberg’s senate bill 38, sponsored by the chief
  probation officers of california (cpoc), would make
  court, collaborative court programs, and treatment mandated
  felony programs expressly eligible for the bscc competitive grant
  program.


  additionally, senate bill 38 allows for public entities to apply
  for this funding, which will help county courts, prosecutors,
  public defenders, probation departments, and behavioral health
  programs coordinate as they work to implement prop 36.


  “we know firsthand that highly incentivized drug treatment when
  paired with supervision and accountability, delivers effective
  results,” stated san joaquin county probation chief steven
  jackson, who is also president of cpoc.


  “we fully support this legislation and applaud senator umberg’s
  leadership. it effectively uses existing resources into proven
  drug treatment programs that enhance both individual
  rehabilitation and community safety.”


  …


  the measure is expected to be heard in policy committees sometime
  in march or april.


  read the full article 
  here.
 

read more
 




 






follow us on instagram



















post august 16, 2017 



find my county probation department

access resources and find your county probation office online



 

read more
alameda county
alpine county
amador county
butte county
calaveras county
colusa county
contra costa county
del norte county 
el dorado county
fresno county
glenn county
humboldt county
imperial county
inyo county
kern county
kings county
lake county
lassen county
los angeles county
madera county
marin county
mariposa county
mendocino county
merced county
modoc county
monterey county
mono county
napa county
nevada county
orange county
placer county
plumas county
riverside county 
sacramento
san benito
san bernardino county
san diego county
san francisco county - adult
san francisco county - juvenile
san joaquin county
san luis obispo county 
san mateo county
santa barbara county
santa clara county
santa cruz county
shasta county
sierra county
siskiyou county
solano county
sonoma county
stanislaus county
sutter county
tehama county 
trinity county
tulare county
tuolumne county
ventura county
yolo county
yuba county
 




 












notification april 1, 2025 - april 2, 2025 



registration open: cpoc foundation’s 8th annual foster care conference




  the cpoc foundation is excited to announce the open registration
  for our 8th annual foster care conference, advancing
  opportunities: empowering youth and families through
  engagement to be held at the anaheim marriott on april
  1-2, 2025. this event will provide opportunities to explore ways
  to enhance services and supports for foster youth on probation
  and their families. 


location: anaheim marriott, 700 w
  convention way, anaheim, ca 92802
 

read more
 




 











chief probation officersof california












footer link august 16, 2017 



contact cpoc




facebooktwitter xyoutubelinkedinthreads
 


(916) 447-2762
send message 

read more
 follow contact cpoc
 




 









log in



e-mail or username: *



password: *



 remember me


create new account
request new password








commands

support portallog in 













