




 
 









anchor stone ministries - ron wyatt, noah's ark, sodom & gomorrah, red sea crossing, ark of the covenant




















































skip to content








menu



ron wyatt, noah's ark, sodom & gomorrah, red sea crossing, ark of the covenant 






  



  



  

 

search

home 
about us anchorstone news 
asi tours 
behind the scenes 
responses 
privacy policy 
seminars 

asi newsletters 
wyatt newsletters english 
espanol 

topics ark of the covenant 
noah’s ark 
pyramids 
real mt. sinai 
red sea crossing 
sodom & gomorrah 

video jonathan gray 
kevin fisher 
ross patterson 
transcripts 

photo galleries noah’s ark gallery 
sodom & gomorrah gallery 
ancient egypt 
mount sinai 
garden tomb gallery 
noah’s ark replica built on ararat 
turkish tourism conference 

store 
contact us 
thank you 
shop 
 



close menu















drone video mt. sinai in arabia

 

elijah’s cave, blackened peak, and plateau seen in this drone video of the real mt. sinai in arabia (galatians 4) mountain found by the late ron wyatt in 1984. video shot during tour group visit led by kevin fisher.










update on the column at nueweiba beach

 

we just learned from viveka pontén that the column at nuweiba is no longer there! ron tells about the column here and then you can see that it is no longer there. at this time, we have no information as to where it was taken or who removed it.










the exodus: how long did it take?

 

e1 – in this presentation ross patterson looks at how long did the exodus take. ross is a international speaker, evangelist, church leader and researcher. he is based in new zealand. if you would like ross to come and speak in your area. contact us.










ron wyatt exclusive q&a with reporter!

 

in this captivating q&a with a reporter, ron dives deep into why he got involved in archaeology, how he pays for his research, and why he believes these discoveries are important. whether you’re a believer or a skeptic, don’t miss this rare chance to hear directly from the man behind some of the most amazing […]










what is going on with noah’s ark 2024 update

 

in this update, ross patterson shows what has been happening on the noah’s ark excavation project since 2022. he looks at the excavation in arzap (sağlıksuyu) in 2022 and the symposium held in agri university in 2023. you can donate to support this excavation project here










henry gruver- testimony of the blood of christ

 

interesting testimony concerning ron’s research.










finding the ark of the covenant

 

for the first time ever, we’re unveiling exclusive footage from ron wyatt’s 1996 q&a session in sacramento, california! in this groundbreaking video, ron wyatt shares new, never-before-released details about his claim of discovering the ark of the covenant—the most mysterious and sought-after biblical artifact in history. 🏺✨ in this rare part 1 of his q&a, […]










kevin fisher, jesslyn johnson, & bill wyatt

 

friends from spain, victor sanvicens and others, visited the ark discovery studio to interview kevin fisher of arkdiscovery.com, jesslyn johnson, and bill wyatt – ron wyatt’s brother, to talk about ron’s discoveries. it was a live program.








 1 2 3 4›» 


translateselect language  afrikaans albanian arabic armenian azerbaijani basque belarusian bengali bulgarian catalan cebuano chichewa chinese (simplified) chinese (traditional) corsican croatian czech danish dutch english esperanto estonian tamil finnish french galician georgian german greek gujarati haitian creole hausa hawaii hebrew hindi hmong hungarian icelandic indonesian irish italian japanese javanese kannada kazakh khmer korean kurdish (kurmanji) kyrgyz lao latin latvian lithuanian luxembourgish macedonian malagasy malay malayalam maltese maori marathi mongolian myanmar (burmese) nepali norwegian pashto persian polish portuguese romanian russian samoan scots gaelic serbian sesotho shona sindhi sinhala slovak slovenian somali spanish sudanese swahili swedish tajik telugu thai turkish ukrainian urdu uzbek vietnamese welsh xhosa yiddish yoruba zulusearch our site





donatethank you for helping us continue this research and to get the word out to the world














free updates newsletterour email updates will keep you informed, and they are free!
we do not share your information with any third parties. sign up today!
email address: 
leave this field empty if you're human: latest products 






























categoriescategories
select category
about asi
anchorstone news
archaeology news
ark of the covenant
asi newsletters
asi tours
behind the scenes
bible archaeology
creation science
espanol
interviews
jerry bowen
jonathan gray
kevin fisher
news
noah’s ark
pyramids
real mt. sinai
red sea crossing
responses
ross patterson
seminars
sodom & gomorrah
transcripts
video
war
wyatt newsletters













 













recent comments

 anchor stone: this was just an article about other research being done in the area, performed by others not connected with the……
                

 roy mcmillan: what kind of bovine scat is this? "the research collaboration includes experts from three renowned universities from turkey and the……
                

 rod whitehead: good day, and congratulations on your excellent work! i have viewed and listened to most of your materials . awesome!……
                

 leon bezuidenhout: hello, i'm a big believer in all that ron wyatt did. i have seen all five videos and especially found……
                

 lee hoyer: this information seems to verify jonathon gray reports from the past so i have to wonder are they being re-cycled……
                
 







© anchor stone ministries 2025 











 













 

