



 



california artichoke advisory board 

























































 



life is short. stop and eat the artichokes…

 



 
 
 




menuwelcomerecipes & suchrecipesartichoke and roasted red pepper salad with roasted red pepper dressingartichoke benedictartichoke frittataartichoke gondolasartichoke hors d’oeuvre with sweet anise and chick pea dipartichoke napoleonartichoke roman styleartichoke/vegetable stir-frybaby artichoke calvados sautebaby artichoke chicken sautébaby artichokes, ham, & fettuccinibaked artichoke casserolecouscous-stuffed artichokesfocaccia-stuffed artichokesfrench fried artichoke heartsgrilled artichokeslemon artichoke souppatio artichoke supperstuffed artichoke with oriental noodle saladfavorite dipsartichokes with light honey mustard dipcasanova’s appassionata dipfresh gazpacho dipgreek-style garbanzo dipparty artichokes with three dips basic preparationsteam-boil-microwavestuffed artichoke, uncookedstuffed artichoke, cooked(completely edible) baby artichokescooking artichokesfreezing artichokescalifornia artichoke factshealth and nutritionhow to eat an artichokethe boardartichoke farmshugo tottino (1926 – 2017)home gardenon the menuthe basicsmeet the chefgrocer’s shopcare & handlingmerchandisingcontact uskid’s corner

 



menuwelcomerecipes & suchrecipesartichoke and roasted red pepper salad with roasted red pepper dressingartichoke benedictartichoke frittataartichoke gondolasartichoke hors d’oeuvre with sweet anise and chick pea dipartichoke napoleonartichoke roman styleartichoke/vegetable stir-frybaby artichoke calvados sautebaby artichoke chicken sautébaby artichokes, ham, & fettuccinibaked artichoke casserolecouscous-stuffed artichokesfocaccia-stuffed artichokesfrench fried artichoke heartsgrilled artichokeslemon artichoke souppatio artichoke supperstuffed artichoke with oriental noodle saladfavorite dipsartichokes with light honey mustard dipcasanova’s appassionata dipfresh gazpacho dipgreek-style garbanzo dipparty artichokes with three dips basic preparationsteam-boil-microwavestuffed artichoke, uncookedstuffed artichoke, cooked(completely edible) baby artichokescooking artichokesfreezing artichokescalifornia artichoke factshealth and nutritionhow to eat an artichokethe boardartichoke farmshugo tottino (1926 – 2017)home gardenon the menuthe basicsmeet the chefgrocer’s shopcare & handlingmerchandisingcontact uskid’s corner



 
 


 

basic preparationlearn step-by-step how to prepare the artichoke for eating. enjoy!recipesenjoy some tasty variations of our favorite vegetable.artichoke farminglearn a little more about how the artichoke is grown commercially.welcomecalifornia’s official vegetable
on april 10th, 2013 artichokes were proclaimed to be california’s official vegetable by lieutenant governor, gavin newsom.  although artichokes had been voted by kgo morning news listeners to be the official food, mr. newsom, in a political about face and in order to pacify the losing commodities, made a unilateral decision to name artichokes as the official vegetable, thereby opening the door for an official fruit, grain, nut, and what have you.
the california artichoke growers are pleased that artichokes are receiving their just recognition. 99.99% of all commercially grown artichokes are grown in california and no other commodity can claim such exclusivity to the state. artichokes are truly california’s vegetable.
come and celebrate the 2020 artichoke festival, which will be held on may 30th and 31st at the monterey county fairgrounds. visit their website, artichokefestival.orgthe california artichoke advisory board (caab) was organized in 1960 under the california state marketing order act administered by the california state department of food and agriculture, after growers voted to assess themselves to pay for formation and continuing operational costs including state oversight. the marketing order for artichokes is voted on every five years and the current order is in effect until may 31, 2025.the board was organized by growers in response to three recognized needs of the industry:

generic promotion of artichokes
research into pest problems that damage artichoke crops
fostering grower unity and cooperation for the benefit of the artichoke industry as a whole.


since 1999 the board has chosen to focus its resources on a research program. it maintains some generic promotion through this website.


 
 
 





california artichoke advisory board 11402 merritt street
castroville, ca 95012
831.633.4411
fax 831.633.0215
california grownyou searched for artichokes — california growncastroville artichoke festivaljune 8-9, 2024for more information
click here or call:
831.633.chok (2465) 


 
 

© california artichoke advisory board. life is short. stop and eat the artichokes…
 
 

























