










bdtrims | letters inserts and door pillars 



















































letter inserts
dashboard trim sets
door pillars
rain deflectors
all products



delivery & returns
info@bdtrims.com


 login
 sign up









0









login to account
register










letter inserts to customise your car





be it domed or flat letters they all made of abs plastic bonded on double sided tape for the perfect grip and ease of installation.select your vehicle




















outstanding quality & resistance 
our letters are made of high quality plastic. unlike commonly used vinyl decals our domed letters with highest-quality edge lines bond with the surface for life and never fall victim to corrosion, age or rust.






 100% uv protected coating
                

 car wash safe
                

 scratch-resistant
                

 weatherproof coating
                


guaranteed to last for yearsauthentic bdtrims™ product with 5 year warranty.
                







simple installation 
be it domed or flat letters, they all are made of abs plastic bonded on double-sided tape for the perfect grip and easy installation.
takes only minutes to install and can be maintained without any technical skills.
peel off backing protective tape and stick them on, thats how easy installation is.




















download instruction, 445 kb  pdf







1

thoroughly clean the area where the pieces are to be applied with a clean, lint-free cloth and the alcohol swabs provided or with 3m solvent 70*, to remove all residue and dirt.
a test can be performed for cleanliness with ordinary masking tape, if the tape sticks easily to the surface, if not repeat the cleaning process.


2

without removing the red backing tape, ’dry-fit’ all pieces, noting correct placement, joins and angles.




all pieces should be checked «dry-fit» before proceeding to step 3. immediately stop installation procedure and contact us
                                even if one piece doesn’t fit.
                            
any money back or refund requests based on fitting issues will be declined once the kit or partial pieces are installed. only replacement and correction requests will be reviewed and accepted.


3

gently heat the parts with a hairdryer or heat gun set to low. keep the heat source at least 5″ away from the piece. pieces will become flexible with application of heat.
placing the pieces (backing tape side down) on the top of the dash with the front window defrost set to medium for 15 minutes, warms & keeps all pieces ready for installation.
alternately, on sunny days, laying the kit in the sun for 10-15 mins will have the same effect.


4



                                hold the pieces by the edges to avoid touching the adhesive surface. peel red protective tape out, place piece in position, align correctly and thoroughly press down on the entire surface of each piece to ensure a complete
                                ’wet-out’ of adhesion to the surface. repeat this step for all pieces you have. when red backing tape removed do not touch                                        3m adhesive surface!
                            


5

remove front side clear or white protective tape from all pieces.


6

enjoy our product.









biggest selection of styles and materials


we offer the widest variety of letterings possible, period! virtually any color and any style can be manufactured.


if there is something that you don’t see it doesn’t mean that we don’t have it. contact us and we will surely fulfill any of your requests


select your car model



1/16” raised up
                



flat plastic letters
flat letters are made of high quality abs plastic bonded on acrylic foam tape for the perfect grip. this is very easy and affordable type of upgrade.



1/8” thick with rounded edges
                



domed letters
using the latest technology, we have achieved the highest quality edge lines, sometimes called bubble style, they are also bonded with acrylic foam tape for the same perfect grip.







silver/aluminum (al)



chrome (ch)





gold (gol)



glossy black (blk) 





galaxy black (galblk)



matte black (mblk)





plain red (red) 



plain orange (ora)





plain blue (blu)



plain yellow (yel)





plain white (whi)



dnoc black carbon fiber (dnoc)





real black carbon fiber (rcf)



simulated carbon fiber (scf) 





simulated red carbon fiber (redcf) 



simulated yellow carbon fiber (yelcf)





desert storm (camo)



camouflage (camo)





mossy oak camo



red outline/black inside





red outline/carbon inside



blue line





red line



american flag





blackout american flag






select your car model





letter inserts

whether you're looking for custom lettering or pre-designed sets, our letter decals offer a sleek and professional look that lasts. we offer the fullest collection of letterings possible, period! virtually any color and any style can be done. select your letter inserts




 the #1 best selling
letters made of high quality materials. they are not vinyl decals!


 weather and car wash safe
outstanding resistance to long-term exposure to sunlight and weathering.


simple installation
takes only minutes and can be maintained without any technical skills.


guaranteed to last for years
authentic bdtrims™ product with 5 year warranty.









dashboard trim sets

we offer you an easy and quick way to upgrade your car and give it a special touch. choose from fancy and luxurious to sport and eccentric accents.


find the perfect match from our abundant selection of exotic real woods & wood grain, brushed aluminum, modern colors, camo, and carbon fiber interior trim kits for cars.select your trim sets







door pillars


door pillars are an easy way to emphasize your car’s exterior, depending on the type, they will add classy shine or make it look sporty.


made to your taste from polished to a mirror-like metal, carbon or glossy black plastic.



premium quality finish



self-adhesive backing stick-on, easy installed.



100% weather proof, never fade under any rigorous condition.

select your door pillars










we do custom design
what about creating a unique sticker for your gadget, car, boat or virtually anything else? 
we can add any pictures, hashtags, and words and make them domed! it’s also a cool gift for special moments with your family and friends.

decals ideas for cars

your name
your logo
#hashtag
flag
state flag
favorite team
any image










full color, high-resolution digital printing



durable polyurethane resin coating



waterproof, weatherproof, non-yellowing



certified for indoor and outdoor use



awesome 3d dimension








decals ideas for boats, yachts & jet ski
we can do any shape you need

boat name
your emblem
your name
registration number
boat wrap
your logo
marine sign









registration numbers
make custom design stickers for your jet ski or registration numbers only.
registration numbers come as a set of two — one for each side of the boat/jet ski.







even more ways to show out


whether you want to dome logo, name, or barcode, we’ll make it perfectly visible and tangible. you will see that your favorite items couldn’t get any better.
start your project








product labels





phone stickers





warning sign





sneakers sticker





logo stickers





pet tags





car stickers





product labels





custom cool stickers






















since 2003
since 2003 our experts stay in sync with the modern technological practices of the industry, and we understand how to change car to give a luxury, comfortable and sleek look within minutes.
we strive for 100% satisfaction and stand behind each of our customer to solve proposals and suggestions of any complexity.








by using latest laser technology in pair with 3d scanning process we make sure all our products are measured and cut precisely for smooth fitting.





everything manufactured by bdtrims can be easily installed without much effort and do not require complicated care afterwards.









we are ready to help
if you have any questions about products, shipping, installation process or something else, don’t hesitate to contact us
solutions@bdtrims.com


9 am - 6 pm ct bdtrims customer service is closed in observance of all major us holidays












select vehicle


make  




model

first select make


year

first select make and model


go











information

delivery, returns and warranty
bdtrims privacy policy
about us
affiliate program



product

available finishes
letter inserts
lhd dash trim kits
rhd dash trim kits
motorcycle sets
pillar post trims
wind & rain protectors
sitemap



installation instructions

dash kit installation
letter inserts installation




© copyright bdtrims 2003-2025
 


any names, symbols or descriptions used in our images and text are property of toyota motor corporation, ford motor company, general motors, nissan motor company or any other vehicle manufacturer, distributor or any affiliated companies thereof, and are used for identification and informational compatibility purposes only. it is neither inferred nor implied that any item sold by bdtrims is a product authorized by or in any way connected with toyota motor corporation, ford motor company, general motors, nissan motor company or any other vehicle manufacturer, distributor or any affiliated companies thereof.


  










































































bdtrims privacy policy

               
              this privacy policy governs the manner in which bdtrims collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "user") of www.bdtrims.com website ("site"). this privacy policy applies to the site and all products and services offered by bdtrims.
            
personal identification information
we may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. users may, however, visit our site anonymously. we will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.
non-personal identification information
we may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our site. non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about users means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
web browser cookies
our site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. user's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. user may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. if they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.
how we use collected information
bdtrims may collect and use users personal information for the following purposes:

to run and operate our site    we may need your information display content on the site correctly.
to improve customer service    information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
to personalize user experience    we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
to improve our site    we may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
to process payments    we may use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
to run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature    to send users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
to send periodic emails    we may use the email address to send user information and updates pertaining to their order. it may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.

how we protect your information
we adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site.
sharing your personal information
we do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others. we may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
electronic newsletters
if user decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. if at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or user may contact us via our site.
third party websites
users may find advertising or other content on our site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licencors and other third parties. we do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site. in addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. these sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
changes to this privacy policy
bdtrims has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. when we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our site. we encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
your acceptance of these terms
by using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. if you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
contacting us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
this document was last updated on july 26, 2015


















login to account


e-mail address



password




forgotten password
login
















