














gwendolyn bounds - author | speaker | ocr racer | content creator & brand strategist



















































































 




     

 







home
about
books
contact

free spartan race
contact the author
media & speaker inquiries
book clubs


newsletter
 

home
about
books
contact

free spartan race
contact the author
media & speaker inquiries
book clubs


newsletter
 




 

 



















order now 
"thrilling. bounds shows that at any age, it’s possible to expand our sense of possibilities and redefine our potential." 
— gretchen rubin, #1 new york times bestselling author of the happiness project
order now
&  get a free spartan race
 



































“what do you want to be when you grow up?”




long before becoming a journalist and author, i was a skinny kid in north carolina who dreamed of one day being an athlete. but if words came easily to me, muscles, speed and coordination did not!
it wasn’t until age 45, after overhearing someone put the question above (“what do you want to be…?”) to a little girl, that my own competitive athletic journey finally began in the daunting sport of obstacle course racing. and as counterintuitive as it seems in our quick fix, hack-prone society, it turns out the long, never-finished road of mastery may be one of the best mental and physical defenses we have to age well.
that’s the story i tell in not too late. the book is about the power of working to get good at something new and hard at any age – and a roadmap for action. (spoiler alert: you don’t have to become ‘the best’ to reap real rewards.)
anchoring not too late is wisdom from scientists, longevity specialists, a philosopher, and performance experts that demonstrates how our bodies and minds can evolve in critical ways well past middle age. the tactics i learned from them, and from the thousands of leaders i interviewed during 20 years of reporting at the wall street journal, now underpin the writing and speaking i do about leadership and change. we all face obstacles, real and perceived, in everything we do. it’s how we approach them that matters.

gwendolyn (wendy) boundsmore about meadvanced praise






“there’s a lot of wisdom packed into not too late, but it's also a fantastic page-turner of a story. bounds’s dreams and doubts and insecurities are highly relatable for anyone staring into the headlights of middle age, and the way she tackles them will get you out of your chair — and perhaps down in the mud, crawling under some barbed wire."— alex hutchinson, bestselling author of endure: mind, body & the curiously elastic limits of human performance"no matter your age, not too late will inspire you to make big positive changes — to do hard things you didn't think you could and conquer the extra mile (and mile after that). importantly, it'll also arm you with the information you need to make those changes. read not too late and ride its inspiration and advice to a new you."— michael easter, bestselling author of the comfort crisis and scarcity brain."not too late captures the essence of reinvention with raw energy and heart. through a vivid tale of personal resilience and strength, bounds proves that fulfillment and self-discovery are accessible to anyone — at any age. a must read for anyone at a crossroads!"— rich diviney, retired navy seal & bestselling author of the attributes"not too late is brilliantly motivating no matter your age or skill. gwendolyn bounds offers a no- nonsense, everything-to-gain approach to a life without boundaries that was so addicting i was torn between reading another page and getting out the door to power through a run."— deena kastor, olympic medalist, marathon and bestselling author of let your mind run"in a world plagued by isolation, alienation, and apathy, not too late is an ode to the value of sport: a sense of belonging, intimacy, and mastery that's good for not just the body and mind but also the soul. bounds inspires and shows how you can reap these rewards at any age."— brad stulberg, bestselling author of master of change and the practice of groundedness









read more    












"intriguing discoveries weave through the narrative, which takes us on an adventure-filled journey of [bounds'] transformation sure to appeal to others on similar paths….an inspiring guide on how to unearth a 'second wind,' from someone who’s been there."— kirkus“i always say – if you are alive – it's "not too late” !!! gwendolyn bounds delivers a captivating and relatable story of resilience, reinvention, and the pursuit of personal fulfillment. as she navigates the challenges of middle age, bounds's journey will inspire readers of all ages to push beyond their limits, embrace change, and discover new possibilities. packed with wisdom and practical advice, this book is a must-read for anyone seeking to break free from the constraints of age and redefine what is possible in their life.”— joe de sena, spartan founder & ceo, and bestselling author of 10 rules for resilience: mental toughness for families and spartan up!“not too late is a gripping sports narrative: screen-bound, middle-aged workaholic transforms her mind and body—hauling sandbags, throwing spears, crawling under barbed wire, leaping across fire—in a quest to win gold. but even more important, it’s a serious, scientific exploration of how we age and what we can do to face down the inevitable march of time. bounds has written a book full of both drama and sound advice for challenging preconceptions and living our very best lives."
— stefan fatsis, bestselling author of word freak and a few seconds of panicwow, what a ride! not too late is a breathtaking work of jelly-legged genius. writer slash (unexpected) action hero wendy bounds dove deep into the pain cave for this one, and emerged with a captivating memoir about the transformative power of mud, sweat, and suffering. though it’s sure to strike a chord with the cultish community of obstacle course racers, this book has even broader appeal. it’s for anyone who has ever wondered if there’s more juice to squeeze out of life. so — basically everyone. this book is for everyone.— scott keneally, writer/director of rise of the sufferfests: a film about mud, masochism, and modern life"a soul-nourishing smoothie of science, philosophy and personal memoir, not too late will resonate with anyone who has hit midlife only to wonder: is this it? (spoiler: it's very much not, with a "growth mindset.") the joy of self-discovery through athletic challenge comes through on every page." 
— jeff bercovici, author of play on: the new science of elite performance at any age."in not too late, gwendolyn bounds captures the powerful lure of discovering 'flow' in midlife as she embraces something bold and once unimaginable. there are important lessons in this book that help us to put aside our fears, forget feeling foolish and try something new. such a reset of who we believe we are, and what we are capable of doing, can help us to move from the weight of the world (which is easy to store up) to the wonder of the world."— chip conley, bestselling author of learning to love midlife"honest, humble and very funny, not too late will inspire any mortal to push personal limits — whether it's on the playground monkey bars or in one of the planet's craziest endurance competitions. gwendolyn bounds has written an absorbing, age-defiant classic that embraces the hidden warrior inside all of us."— jason gay, bestselling author of i wouldn't do that if i were me and little victories"wendy bounds is an inspiration! in not too late she proves that reinvention is possible at any age — and gives you the tools you need to triumph over your fears and embrace your next adventure. wendy not only changed her own life; her irresistible story will change yours."— joanne lipman, bestselling author of next! the power of reinvention in life and work"wendy bounds was 45 years old, 5-feet 10-inches tall, and weighed 122 pounds. she could. not. do. five. pushups. she was, though, and clearly still is, possessed of an iron will. in not too late, bounds takes us along on her emotional and at times harrowing journey to do the hardest physical thing she could imagine. those of us tethered to our devices or trapped by our own perceived limits will find inspiration here. not too late is a later-in-life search for…something. as spartan racers say, you’ll know what that is at the finish line."— kai ryssdal, host, marketplace"i’ve always known wendy bounds was a badass. as it turns out, i think i might have even known it before she did. her journey to that self-discovery, to embracing the inner badass that rests within so many of us, even if we don't think it does, is something that anyone who has ever felt the pull of the couch and midlife malaise will want to dive into. this story of a grand pivot to something dangerous just might change your life."— matthew futterman, author of running to the edge"there are piles of books on how to win in your career, but scarce few grapple with the ultimate quest for purpose, meaning, and inspiration as life’s finish line approaches. gwendolyn bounds’ not too late is an intimate first-person story of pivoting in midlife to embrace challenge, persevere, and triumph."— r. douglas fields, phd, author of electric brain and why we snap

 

















want to try obstacle course racing? order not too late and receive a code for a free spartan race, while supplies last.

click here for details






not too late
the power of pushing limits at any age




in not too late, author gwendolyn bounds takes readers on the journey of her unexpected five-year path of transformation from an unathletic office executive glued to her screens into an age-group medalist and world championship competitor in obstacle course racing — a demanding military-style sport requiring speed, endurance, mobility, and strength.
in the book, bounds explores how tackling something new and hard upended her expectations for middle age — while also helping her reconcile regrets of her youth. her story takes us from playgrounds and gyms, where bounds relearns childhood movements (swinging from monkey bars, climbing a rope); to far-flung spartan race courses, where she strives to master running in difficult terrain and to conquer challenges such as scaling tall walls, crawling under barbed wire, and carrying heavy loads of rocks up mountains.
bounds’s journey offers inspiration and a road map for anyone craving more out of life. woven through not too late are insights from scientists, longevity doctors, a philosopher, elite athletes, and performance experts on how to reimagine our limits and who we think we are.









hardcover    











split rock books (signed copies) 
amazonbarnes & noblebooks a millionbookshop.orghudson booksellerspowell'stargetwalmart 



audiobook    










apple booksaudiblegoogle playlibro.fm 







stay connected













listen to the playlist that fueled
the training and journey in not too late.




author photo (top): jennifer barrett, new light creative services.
obstacle illustrations (top): by peter sucheski
















quick linkshome
about
books
 



get in touchcontact the author
media & speaking inquiries
book clubs
book club reading guide
 



stay connectedinstagram
facebook
linkedin
spotify “not too late” playlist
 



newsletterget updates from gwendolyn bounds.

sign up 













© gwendolyn bounds. all rights reserved. 





built by enormous creative. 









































































