





commercial child care insurance | markel











































log in to markel






                                        customer
                                    






                                        us broker agent
                                    










                                                            us customer login
                                                        

                                                            log in to make a payment, view policy documents, download proof of insurance, change your communication and billing preferences, and more.
                                                        
log in
                                                        












                                                            mportal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access admitted lines for workers compensation, business owners, miscellaneous errors and omissions, accident medical, general liability, commercial property, farm property, and equine mortality.
                                                        
log in to mportal
                                                        

register for access to mportal
                                                        



                                                            markel online
                                                        

                                                            log in to access non-admitted lines for contract binding property & casualty, excess, and commercial pollution liability.
                                                        
log in to markel online
                                                        

register for access to markel online
                                                        



                                                            magic personal lines portal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access personal lines products including marine, specialty personal property, powersports, bicycle, and event insurance.
                                                        
log in to magic
                                                        

register a new magic user for an already authorized agent
                                                        



                                                            markel surety
                                                        

                                                            log in to access markel's surety products.
                                                        
log in to surety agent portal
                                                        

get appointed
                                                        
























the following text field filters the results that follow as you type.







suggested


load more














            skip to main content
        







menu










search








close menu







us and bermuda offerings 










                                                back to child care and enrichment
                                            








                                                    commercial child care
                                                







                                                    educational enrichment
                                                










                                                    in-home daycare
                                                












international offerings











global reinsurance











nephila











state national











claims











insights and resources











about us


















quick links:

claims
careers
investors
news and press







contact





search





login





quick links:


claims


careers


investors


news and press













us and bermuda offerings


industries


child care and enrichment


commercial child care





commercial child care 


















from daycare centers to after school programs, markel's child care insurance can help.
contact one of our appointed agents and get a free quote today.

find an agent   i am an agent 


 






safely protect your business with the right types of daycare liability and property insurance at affordable prices.
as one of the nation’s leading providers of commercial child care insurance programs, markel can help you. year after year, our clients choose us because they’re happy with our insurance products and our knowledgeable, friendly claims and loss prevention specialists.
 






why is insurance for commercial child care businesses important?
you have your hands full caring for little ones and providing an enriching environment for them to thrive. every kind of daycare program, regardless of size or number of children, could use flexible, affordable insurance that’s the right fit for the business. customizable commercial insurance can be there when the unexpected happens.















what we offer

we provide coverage to many different types of daycare facilities including: 




licensed child care centers 
nursery schools
montessori schools through kindergarten
preschools
before-school and after-school programs



our coverages can include: 







general liability
property
optional coverages






it is recommended for commercial child care facility to have commercial general liability insurance. this essential coverage can offer insurance protection to you if you are sued by someone who claims you caused their physical injury or damaged their property.
professional liability 
professional liability coverage allows teachers and providers to perform their professional duties without fear of devastating lawsuits, defense costs and judgments.
abuse and molestation liability 
abuse and molestation is a critical coverage for hypersensitive situations. our claims staff has experience in handling these types of claims.






if you own the building that houses your child care facility, you may want commercial property insurance to help protect both your building and its contents. if you rent, you may need property insurance to cover your valuable equipment.






accident medical
accident medical insurance can cover children’s medical bills if they are injured at your facility or during activities you sponsor and have no insurance of their own, or their bills exceed what their insurance pays.
commercial auto
automobile insurance can provide liability and physical damage coverage for the owned, leased, non-owned, and hired automobiles (such as vans, pickups, and buses) used at your facility.
umbrella liability
umbrella liability insurance can provide additional insurance protection that takes effect after you’ve gone above the limits of your general liability, abuse and molestation liability, professional liability, or automobile liability insurance. 
workers compensation
a workers compensation policy can cover expenses resulting from on-the-job injuries, including lost wages and benefits, medical care and rehabilitation services, and legal representation and compliance services.














finding the right child care center insurance is definitely not a “nap-time” activity.
contact one of our appointed markel agents to get an insurance quote for your commercial child care center today.

find an agent   i am an agent 







 






additional resources



 

related articles 



from helpful tips to coverage options, find the information, advice, and resources you need all in one place.





                explore resources
                




 

value-added services 



background checks, training materials and education available at negotiated rates.





                see all services
                




 

risk solution services 



we guide you through the maze of risks with customized solutions designed specifically for your needs.





                learn more
                




 






explore related industries









educational enrichment



for a wide variety of educational facilities such as tutoring centers, music school, computer training, robotics, stem, montessori schools, and more.





                            learn more
                            













in-home daycare



coverage for your home daycare business that goes beyond your homeowners insurance policy.





                            learn more
                            







 
















                insurance offerings
            





us and bermuda offerings






international offerings






global reinsurance






nephila
external link







state national
external link









                about us
            





careers






news and press






financial strength








                contact us
            





report a claim






our locations






search and apply for jobs




























x



linkedin



instagram



facebook










privacy policy


legal notices and terms of use


cookie statement


state emergency orders


our insurance companies


modern slavery statement


suppliers


accessibility statement


unclaimed property


north america producer compensation disclosure


international disclosures


international customer complaints


fraud warnings




                            © markel group inc. all rights reserved 2025
                        














