










home - experience burlington






















































 
 
















skip to content












facebook





instagram

















about eb chamber of commerce board of directors ambassadors staffcontactlogin













































 
experiences venues recreation wellness plan your experienceevents featured events community events class calendar special event permits special event grant applicationbusiness business directory gift guide job postings partner plus program become a partner business small business resourcescommunity schools churches nonprofits real estate local government city town racine county rcedc county government greater racine countyhot deals weekly deals sales and specials








 















the burlington area chamber of commerce is now










































community events











business directory











visitors guide








































what's made in burlington?






have you ever wondered.. what’s made in burlington?
-echo lake foods has since been a cornerstone of quality and excellence in the food industry for over eight decades!
-lavelle industries is famous for their korky toilet repair products! they have been in business for over 100 years!
-ldv is the global leader in custom specialty vehicles including emergency response vehicles!
-ardagh was built in 1966 originally to serve miller brewing company!
-nestle is the inventor of the chocolate chip cookie! they are the #1 brand in morsels!















a place to live, work, & play






experience burlington exists to showcase our vibrant community and support the development of local business. through collaboration and innovation, we aim to continuously enhance and improve the quality of life for both visitors and residents of burlington by providing memorable experiences that highlight what makes burlington a great place to live, work, and play.

















stay in the loop











get email updates












facebook












instagram


















plan your experience





















                                shopping                            














                                dining                            














                                lodging                            














                                attractions                            














                                events                            














                                venues                            












featured events



























































































become a partner business











promote your business. 

build your local network. 

enjoy partner-only perks. 











explore partner benefits 










 












© 2025 experience burlington
 | 
site by growthzone




























thank you to our
2025 partner plus businesses!











view all














 
partner plus platinum

nestle
thrivent financial shoreline group
veterans terrace

 


 
partner plus gold

community state bank
faust investments, llc
the reesman company

 


 
partner plus silver

daniels family funeral homes & crematory
lynch gm superstore
merrill lynch

 


 
partner plus bronze

ardagh group
asda enterprises, inc.
pine street cafe

 














get in touch













262-763-6044 














565 milwaukee ave, #3c
p.o. box 156
burlington, wi 53105















info@experienceburlingtonwi.org 










social links









facebook





instagram
















more






privacy policy

















 © 2025 experience burlington.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















