


upper peninsula of michigan's superior sights - travel the upper peninsula
























































































































































































































































































upper_peninsula lower_michigan category city photos recreation lodging about_us attractions web_design link_w/_us












advertising services


artist,galleries,musicians ... detailed list>>>


attractions


automotive


bed and breakfast


business services/retailers detailed list>>>


casinos


camprounds, camping


canoeing / boating / sales & service


colleges


contractors,_excavators,_landscaping


gift shops, antiques


golfing


hospitals


hunting fishing guides, outfitters, supplies


lodging, hotels, motels, resorts, cabin


organizations,_non-profits,_chamber of_commerce


radio, newspaper, television


real estate


lakeshore real estate


restaurants, bars, taverns, pubs


rv, motor home sales & service


snowmobile rental, organizations, info.


unique ice fishing adventures


u.p. photo gallery














brimley ~ raco, dafter


crystal falls ~ iron river, channing


curtis ~ germfask, seney, blaney park


copper harbor ~ eagle river ~ eagle harbor


drummond island ~ detour village


engadine ~ naubinway, cut river


escanaba ~ bark river


gladstone


grand marias


gwinn ~ skandia, little lake


houghton ~ hancock, dollar bay, calumet


hulbert ~ eckerman, strongs, trout lake, moran


ironwood ~ bessemer, wakefield


iron mountain ~ kingsford ~ norway


ishpeming & negaunee ~ champion 


baraga ~ l'anse, keweenaw bay


mackinac island


manistique ~ gulliver, thompson


marquette ~ presque isle park, harvey


menominee ~ stephenson, cedar river 


munising ~ christmas, shingleton


newberry ~ dollarville, mcmillan


ontonagon ~ white pine ~ silver city


paradise ~ whitefish point


cedarville ~ pickford , detour, hessel, kinross


rapid river ~ stoningon - peninsula point


sault ste. marie


st. ignace


upper peninsula cities & towns (full listing)














click here for all business categories


adult foster care / care services


appliance sales & service


banking & financial


dog breeders, groomers & kennels


entertainment services / dj's, musicians


forestry, foresters, logging, loggers


formal wear, jewelry and apparel


health, beauty, & fitness


heating and cooling


horse & tack


movie theaters, video rental


pet services


land surveys, surveyors, surveying


home furnishings, furniture














select all art categories


art services


artists


galleries


musicians


photographers


writers, poetry, books
















upper peninsula attractions




charter boat fishing



canoeing and kayaking



golfing in the upper peninsula




upper_peninsula_orv_&_atv_trails




upper michigan snowmobiling




morel mushroom picking




birding




bear hunting




state of michigan parks




camping and campgrounds




casinos, gaming




upper peninsula photos

















view all u.p. attractions


mackinac bridge


mackinac island


oswald's bear ranch


pictured rocks


porcupine mountains


seney wildlife refuge


tahquamenon falls


tahquamenon logging museum
























upper peninsula of michigan


















drive traffic to your upper peninsula business!
																	click ads for details!
visit our web services page by clicking here - michigan web designers

























velvet green creations web design - michigan web designersprofessional michigan web designers
we offer great rates and discounts for chamber and tourism members - call
																					906 293 3625 today!











top stories and links:








web design for tourism and chamber of commerces! 

click here to read endorsements

superior sights
many people search for travel info, business opportunities and information. the n.y. times emailed superior sights about a story centered upon hunting lodges. we provided the times with the story lead & our photography services. click here for photo.

michigan web designers visit us at: velvetgreencreations.com 




























upper michigan snowmobiling, upper peninsula snowmobile trails, upper michigan trail riding

																upper peninsula of michigan
summertime the upper peninsula of michigan is the greatest and most exciting place to plan your vacation.   the upper peninsula is a vast wilderness full of adventure and rustic lure.

your upper peninsula web connection for snowmobiling, travel, michigan lodging -motels & hotels, camping, bed and breakfasts, and more! from the porcupine mountains to the mackinac bridge, journey to a place filled with wilderness, wildlife, attractions, and upper michigan hospitality! 



a michigan summer vacation - both in the upper peninsula and lower peninsula can be planned with the aid of superiorsights.com. 
vacations in michigan are spectacular with munising's pictured rocks, curtis's seney wildlife refuge, newberry's tahquamenon falls, sault ste marie's soo locks and st ignace's mackinac bridge! come and explore all of incredible places full of wonder and excitement!




michigan lodging, michigan travel, michigan photos, michigan vacations - we are your #1 michigan resource for information, websites, lodging, photos, and stories! 
get ready for summer in the upper peninsula! superior sights of upper michigan highlights area businesses, organizations, nonprofits and more! our huge collections of pictures of the upper peninsula communicate our love for the land & animals.















upper peninsula recreations - atv / orv, off roading
click here to visit our upper peninsula atv & orv page made for the all terrain vehicle enthusiast! here you will find great atv / orv information, photos, more!


travel amongst the great lakes and you will find a variety of lodging and recreational activities. we offer snowmobiling, golfing, birding and we have beautiful hotels, motels and bed & breakfasts (b & b's).

whether you're planning a vacation, seeking a business opportunity or considering a move, our web site can help. check out the many cabins and campground listings for your browsing. 

plan ahead!  visit www.upsnowmobiling.com - this is a great resource for up to date snowmobiling information on trails and reports. we have a link to the upper peninsula snowmobile trail map there also! have a great winter in the u.p.!!  






discover what god's country has to offer.
michigan and it's unique upper peninsula - a true vacation paradise!  check out all the our city pages and find the summertime adventure that fits your needcome and explore our spring and summer season in michigan's upper peninsula! 



 see our real estate agents and contractors for locating or building a new home. visit our hunting and fishing shops & guide services that can assist you in your plans. 

superior sights is a web directory committed to the success of tourism in michigan.  visit us at our web sites: www.superiorweb.net & www.velvetgreencreations.com.  u.p. photo on upper right taken in the seney national wildlife refuge of michigan and is made available for your viewing pleasure through the courtesy of velvet green creations - click here to see our photo services. also visit us for our web design services!  michigan web designers with you and your business in mind!












cities - click upper michigan city below or visit the cities page


brimley, raco, dafter


ishpeming negaunee champion



crystal falls, iron river, channing


l'anse baraga keweenaw bay





curtis, germfask, seney, blaney park



manistique ~ gulliver, thompson



eagle river, copper harbor


marquette presque isle harvey



engadine, naubinway, cut river


menominee ~ stephenson, cedar river



escanaba ~ bark river


munising ~ christmas, autrain, shingleton



gladstone, rapid river


newberry ~ dollarville, mcmillan



grand marias, deer park


ontonagon ~ white pine



gwinn skandia, little lake


paradise ~ whitefish point



houghton hancock dollar bay calumet


pickford~ cedarville, detour, hessel, kinross



hulbert, eckerman, strongs, trout lake, moran


rapid river ~ stonington - peninsula point



ironwood, bergland, bessemer, wakefield,


sault ste. marie



 watersmeet


st. ignace



iron mountain ~ kingsford


cities by upper peninsula county








category - click listing below or visit the categories page


advertising agencies and services


gift shops, antiques



artists photographers writers musicians


golfing in the upper peninsula



attractions


hospitals



auto sales / services


hunting & fishing guides / outfitters / supplies



bed and breakfasts


upper peninsula lodging / hotels / motels / resorts



business / retailers / services


organizations



casinos in the upper peninsula


radio, newspapers & television



campgrounds, camping


upper peninsula real estate



canoeing / boating / sales and services


restaurants, bars, taverns, and pubs



churches, church camps


michigan snowmobiling rentals, organizations, and info.



colleges


upper peninsula photo gallery



contractors, excavators, landscaping, well drillers


unique upper peninsula ice fishing adventures



dog breeders, groomers & kennels, pet services


land surveys, surveyors






sportsman & fisherman will love the eastern u.p. protected wetlands offer marshes for blue herons, moose, swan, and more in the seney national wildlife refuge and surrounding areas. beautiful streams like the two hearted river cultivate minds like that of earnest hemmingway.








 come and see the great lakes, tahquamenon falls and soo locks located in sault ste. marie, michigan. we offer the best snowmobiling trails in the world! the southern portion offers the beauty of lake michigan and it's beaches. dunes and beaches invite all to jump right into lake michigan. travel and let the shoreline lead you to manistique or escanaba. fish, hunt, hike, and explore the great u.p.! because this real life adventure awaits your visit, just above the bridge! - photo by chris harman

















rivers, lakes & waterfalls cascade throughout the western u.p. like the porcupine mountains, lake of the clouds, lake gogebic & the national forest nature and wildlife.the u.p. has excellent state and federal land for fishing and rifle or bow hunting seasons. hunters and fisherman will find a variety of lodging, campgrounds or bed and breakfasts (b&b's). the whole u.p. is great snowmobiling terrain! lake superior offers beaches, agates, dunes, lighthouses, whitefish point, the shipwreck museum, pictured rocks national lake shore and more! travel to marquette, where the moose and wolves flourish. 













rock collecting, birding, snowmobiling, and the fine art of trout fishing await your visit. they have great cabins, bed and breakfasts (b&b's), campgrounds and unique accommodations. snowmobile this great white north and see why we are number one in snow sledding!















1(906) 293-3625 or 1(906) 440-6557 or gina@velvetgreencreations.com

michigan websites and nationwide advertisers - get listed with us! we rank exceptionally well in michigan. we receive a growing amount of traffic with thousands of visitors everyday! when we web design for your company - you receive listings and banner ads for free - please call or email for details!














copyright © 2003 superior sights. all photos, layouts, designs, articles, and animations are the sole property of superior sights & velvet green creations.  these copyrighted items may not be copied in whole or in part without
								the written permission of chris and gina harman.  superior sights is not responsible for third party websites. 






























email comments to: ginavgc@gmail.com click here to view our upper peninsula site map for simple browsing

















