






























reliefweb - informing humanitarians worldwide





				skip to main content
			












help




log in









reliefweb





content search



what are you looking for?







search|t










updates


countries


disasters


organizations


topics


jobs


training









informing humanitarians worldwide 24/7 — a service provided by un ocha 











reliefweb


annoucement









latest headlines




burundi
+ 1 more

thousands arrive in burundi within days, fleeing rising tension and violence in eastern dr congo











© unhcr/bernard ntwari



between 10,000 and 15,000 people have crossed into burundi over the last few days, fleeing escalating tension and violence in drc. most of those arriving are congolese, mainly from the bukavu area.



source

unhcr







ukraine

after three years of war, ukrainians urgently need peace and aid











© sverige för unhcr/felicia monteverde holmgren



in the last six months, more than 200,000 people have fled their homes in eastern ukraine as attacks rose. providing aid to those most affected plus opportunities to recover needed more than ever.



source

unhcr







opt

less than seven percent of pre-conflict water levels available to rafah and north gaza, worsening a health catastrophe











© unicef-sop/2024/eyad el-baba



more than 80 percent of water and sanitation infrastructure across the gaza strip has been partially or entirely destroyed, including all six major wastewater treatment plants.



source

oxfam







syria

threat from explosive ordnance across syria is 'unprecedented'











© unmas/asso sabahaddin



these deadly devices are found in fields, on roads, in critical water and electricity infrastructure, in hospitals, schools, bridges, and riverbeds, commercial properties, in residential areas.



sources

hima aorprotection cluster1 more







dr congo

thousands more children deprived of education as crisis in eastern dr congo escalates











© unicef/uni734169/benekire



fierce conflict since the start of the year has forced more than 2,500 schools and learning spaces in north kivu and south kivu to close. an additional 330,000 children are now out of school.



source

unicef







haiti

almost nine in 10 going all day without eating as hunger in haiti reaches record high











© actionaid



haiti’s hunger crisis has reached alarming levels, with almost all families surveyed by actionaid regularly skipping meals and 95 per cent reporting that they’ve gone to bed hungry in the past month.



source

actionaid







car
+ 1 more

unhcr and wfp call for urgent support to address sudanese refugee needs in central african republic











© unhcr/ying hu



agencies warn of an impending shortage of emergency aid to the growing number of refugees in car unless $14.8 million is secured imminently to support more than 30,000 refugees and host communities.



sources

unhcrwfp







sudan

un urges global action to protect and support civilians devastated by sudan's war











© unocha/ giles clarke



nearly two years of conflict have displaced a staggering 12 million people in sudan and across borders. the un and partners urge action on their us$6 billion appeal.



sources

ochaunhcr






view all headlines



recent disasters



uganda: ebola outbreak - jan 2025




status

            ongoing          





tropical cyclone dikeledi - jan 2025




status

            ongoing          





tanzania: marburg virus disease outbreak - jan 2025




status

            ongoing          





angola: cholera outbreak - jan 2025




status

            ongoing          





ethiopia: earthquakes - jan 2025




status

            ongoing          





view all disasters



latest updates




philippines

giews country brief: the philippines 18-february-2025




format

            news and press release          
source

fao

posted

18 feb 2025

originally published

18 feb 2025







angola

angola: cholera flash update 4 - reporting period: 10 - 16 february 2025




format

            situation report          
source

who

posted

18 feb 2025

originally published

18 feb 2025






view all updates



latest blog



scientists get ahead of south sudan floods: “we need to save people’s livelihoods”

by avalon gordy, communications specialist, fews net data, learning, and communications hub


the famine early warning systems network (fews net) is teaming up with reliefweb to share its latest analyses, data, and resources related to the world’s most pressing food emergencies. fews net’s latest reporting on global food security is available via reliefweb updates.extreme seasonal flooding in south sudan is expected to persist through november, leaving devastation in its wake. while...



posted

12 nov 2024

tags

agriculturefloodsfood securityhealth






view all blog posts



opportunities



1,437
open jobs




1,410
training programs
















blog


labs


about us


terms


contact









facebook










x










linkedin










instagram










telegram











ocha services



related platforms

humanitarian action
central emergency response fund



other ocha services

financial tracking service
humanitarian data exchange
humanitarian id
reliefweb response



 

inter-agency standing committee
ocha website
reliefweb
virtual osocc



 



              more ocha services
              opens in a new window












service provided by

united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs


un ocha
united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs
























































































































      ocha coordinates the global emergency response to save lives and protect people in humanitarian crises. we advocate for effective and principled humanitarian action by all, for all.
    






reliefweb's terms & conditions.


© 2025 all rights reserved.


















