





gym, fitness, & healthclub insurance | markel











































log in to markel






                                        customer
                                    






                                        us broker agent
                                    










                                                            us customer login
                                                        

                                                            log in to make a payment, view policy documents, download proof of insurance, change your communication and billing preferences, and more.
                                                        
log in
                                                        












                                                            mportal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access admitted lines for workers compensation, business owners, miscellaneous errors and omissions, accident medical, general liability, commercial property, farm property, and equine mortality.
                                                        
log in to mportal
                                                        

register for access to mportal
                                                        



                                                            markel online
                                                        

                                                            log in to access non-admitted lines for contract binding property & casualty, excess, and commercial pollution liability.
                                                        
log in to markel online
                                                        

register for access to markel online
                                                        



                                                            magic personal lines portal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access personal lines products including marine, specialty personal property, powersports, bicycle, and event insurance.
                                                        
log in to magic
                                                        

register a new magic user for an already authorized agent
                                                        



                                                            markel surety
                                                        

                                                            log in to access markel's surety products.
                                                        
log in to surety agent portal
                                                        

get appointed
                                                        
























the following text field filters the results that follow as you type.







suggested


load more














            skip to main content
        







menu










search








close menu







us and bermuda offerings 










                                                back to sports and fitness
                                            








                                                    cheer gym
                                                










                                                    dance
                                                










                                                    gymnastics
                                                










                                                    health clubs
                                                







                                                    martial arts
                                                










                                                    personal trainer
                                                












international offerings











global reinsurance











nephila











state national











claims











insights and resources











about us


















quick links:

claims
careers
investors
news and press







contact





search





login





quick links:


claims


careers


investors


news and press













us and bermuda offerings


industries


sports and fitness


health clubs





health clubs 


















insurance designed specifically for health and fitness clubs . 
get a free, no-obligation quote today.
get a quote   i am an agent 
retrieve a saved quote


 






your health club is a unique business. help keep it in top shape with markel.
we specialize in health and fitness club insurance, and we know that each club has different needs. for over 40 years, markel has been providing specialized coverage to help keep businesses like yours in top shape. you can customize the right kind of policy and coverage that fits the exact needs of your health or fitness club. markel also offers resources to help you build out loss control and risk management.
why is insurance for health clubs important? 






running a health club or fitness studio is not an easy business. that’s why it takes a special person like you to do it. not only do you need to make a profit, but you have to keep the safety and well-being of your members at the forefront of every minute.
for instance, if you have a catastrophic claim like a fire, can your current insurance policy cover your expenses while you are closed? if an employee is accused of abusing a member, will your insurance company help to defend you in court? 
fitness and health club insurance can help protect you and your business while allowing you to expand your business by covering new areas of growth, such as adding spin classes.















what we offer

health or fitness clubs, including: 




boutique clubs, personal training studios, and personal training groups
pilates, yoga, and spin studios
24/7 key access clubs
franchise operations (including anytime fitness) 
modern dance
traditional dance
and many others



other on-premises operations, including: 

nutritionists, chiropractors, and physical therapists
snack and juice bars
classes like spin, pilates, cardio, and yoga


our coverages can include: 







general liability
property
other optional coverages






general liability
coverage for your covered health club against unforeseen claims and lawsuits.
abuse and molestation
abuse coverage can cover monetary judgement against your covered health club.
employment practices liability  
insurance coverage for claims by health club employees (present, former or potential) for wrongful termination, breach of contract, disciplinary issues, sexual harassment, failure to promote, mismanagement of benefit plans and much more. this policy can cover your legal counsel and court costs whether you win or lose.
non-owned and hired auto
coverage for autos, vans and trucks that you borrow or hire to operate your business.
professional liability
professional liability insurance can provide coverage if a member is injured while an employee is supervising the member and the business is sued for negligence.






buildings
coverage for your building whether you own or rent.
business personal property
insurance protection for the content and equipment in your covered studio.
business income
if your school is temporarily closed due to a covered loss, this insurance can cover your lost income and continuing expenses.
systems breakdown
coverage for any mechanical, electrical or pressure system that break down in your covered studio.






excess liability
excess liability insurance provides additional insurance protection that takes effect after you’ve gone above the limits of your general liability insurance.
workers compensation
a workers compensation policy can cover expenses resulting from on-the-job injuries, including lost wages and benefits, medical care and rehabilitation services, and legal representation and compliance services.








frequently asked questions about health club insurance 


what type of insurance do i need?
at a minimum, there are three basic types of insurance coverage that you will need as club owners. liability insurance to help protect you from litigation arising out of injuries sustained by members and guests while on your premises; property insurance to cover your building or tenant improvements, contents, and loss of income and workers' compensation insurance to cover injuries and lost wages sustained by your employees. the insurance application will help guide you through these various exposures and will allow us to offer a proposal outlining these coverage areas.
how much will insurance cost?
the price of your insurance will vary depending upon the types of exposures you have in your club (i.e. child care, tanning, pools, climbing walls, etc.). property insurance rates also vary based on the type of construction that you club is located in and area of the country. the only way to determine the cost for your club is to go through the application process.
how long will it take to get a quote?
it typically can take up to 72 hours from the time we receive your application until we send the proposal. however, if the situation is a rush, please contact us at +1.800.985.2021 and we can prioritize your application and get your quote to you in the same day.
is workers' compensation insurance included in the quote?
no, workers' compensation is its own separate insurance coverage issue. however, getting a quote is easy. to receive a workers' compensation quote, please contact nicole baker at +1.888.500.3344.
how do i know if i need a bond?
most states do not require a bond. however, there are several states that do. the easiest and most effective way to find out if you need a bond is to contact your state department of consumer affairs. they should be able to determine if a bond is needed based on your method of collection membership dues.
how do i determine how much liability coverage i need?
markel's health club liability policy provides $1,000,000 per occurrence with a $3,000,000 policy aggregate. this meets or exceeds the industry standard for liability insurance protection. however, there are times when a client is required by a landlord or lending institution to purchase additional liability limits or a club owner may have a personal reason for choosing higher limits. we make no recommendations on how much is "enough" but can provide limits up to $10,000,000 if necessary. 
how do i determine how much property coverage i need?
when determining the property insurance, it is important to look at what it would take to "replace" your building and/or tenant improvements, your equipment, furniture, inventory, stock, and computer systems in the event you had a total loss. the property insurance policy will have a coinsurance clause that requires you insure up to full replacement value. many club owners who lease their premises are unaware that they may be responsible by lease contract with their landlord to replace all of the improvements and fixtures...regardless of who owns them.
what is business income coverage?
business income coverage is an extremely important coverage you should consider as part of your overall property insurance protection. this coverage is designed to protect your loss of revenue and your ability to pay your ongoing expenses in the event of a major loss, resulting in your business being forced to close its doors for an extended period of time. it is important to ask the question, "how much money would i need each month to continue my normal operating expenses, and how much net income would i lose from new sales and suspended memberships?" keep in mind that if you had a serious loss, it would take at least a month to clean up the mess, a month to pull your permits and line up contractors and then several months of rebuilding. it could conceivably take up to six months to get back in business. calculating the proper amount of coverage can be very difficult. we recommend that you carry enough coverage for six months of your ongoing expenses and lost profits, but it is up to you to determine your own limit of protection.
are my trainers and instructors covered under this policy?
yes, if they are employees; no if they are independent contractors.
how do i get a certificate of insurance?
you can submit an online request, fax a written request with the needed information to 678-290-2200, or email to mscsupport@markel.com. your request are normally be processed within 24 hours. please provide a fax number or address where you would like your certificate to go.
are there any membership age restrictions?
the insurance policy does not contain restrictions concerning the age of a member. if you plan to have minors (anyone under 18 years of age) working out at the club, let us know. although we encourage today's youth to exercise, there are specific underwriting and safety issues that you need to consider.














coverage solutions for your health and fitness club. 
get a free, no-obligation quote today.
get a quote   i am an agent 
retrieve a saved quote








 






additional resources



 

related articles 



from helpful tips to coverage options, find the information, advice, and resources you need all in one place.





                explore resources
                




 

value-added services 



background checks, training materials and education available at negotiated rates.





                see all services
                




 

risk solution services 



we guide you through the maze of risks with customized solutions designed specifically for your needs.





                learn more
                




 






explore related industries









personal trainers



affordable liability protection for a variety of personal trainers and fitness instructors.





                            learn more
                            













gymnastics



no matter the size of your gymnastics club, we offer insurance protection options.





                            learn more
                            













martial arts



insurance solutions for many types of martial arts schools, including cardio kickboxing, karate, tae kwon do and more.





                            learn more
                            







 
















                insurance offerings
            





us and bermuda offerings






international offerings






global reinsurance






nephila
external link







state national
external link









                about us
            





careers






news and press






financial strength








                contact us
            





report a claim






our locations






search and apply for jobs




























x



linkedin



instagram



facebook










privacy policy


legal notices and terms of use


cookie statement


state emergency orders


our insurance companies


modern slavery statement


suppliers


accessibility statement


unclaimed property


north america producer compensation disclosure


international disclosures


international customer complaints


fraud warnings




                            © markel group inc. all rights reserved 2025
                        














