






mwc freight & transport logistics | auto shipping & hauler







































skip to content


 













menu

home
about us
ask us now




 






              mwc freight & transport              

              auto shipping & hauler            




 





 




14/01/2020 
			 / car preparation 
five simple steps to get your car ready for long distance shipping 

when you need to ship your car for any reason, the logistics of such a task can be daunting. shipping a vehicle isn’t like sending a small item through the mail. it requires significant arrangements and preparations ahead of time. follow these five simple steps to prepare your vehicle for a more hassle-free shipping experience.
1. make shipping arrangements ahead of time.
if you need to ship your car on a specific date, it is always best to make arrangements with the shipping company as soon as possible. by doing so ensures availability, your ability to incorporate the cost into your moving budget, and it gets one detail out of the way. be sure to read the shipping company’s contract and understand it thoroughly before you finalize the agreement. in particular, pay attention to the damage and missed delivery liability, and check your own auto insurance policy for what it says on the subject as well.
2. clean the car.
take the time to wash your car and clean the interior of any miscellaneous items that may be scattered around. loose items could potentially damage the vehicle if they shift about during transport. also, some transport companies will not take cars with personal possessions in them. consider this an opportunity to clean out your car so you won’t arrive at your destination with a messy, cluttered vehicle. washing the exterior of the car makes it easier to notice and note any damage or defects.
3. remove anything of value.
because your car will likely be unlocked during transport as drivers may need to access it, you should take precautions and remove anything of value within the vehicle. it can include custom stereos, removable gps units, dvd players, money, and anything else thieves may be tempted to take. also, secure other parts of your car, such as by folding in the side mirrors and stowing the antenna safely. taking this simple step can prevent both a major headache and financial loss if something were to happen.
4. get the gas tank as close to empty as possible.
before turning your car over to the transport company, you should try and get its fuel as low as possible. the vehicle will not need fuel while in transit, and a car with an empty tank will weigh less than that full of gasoline. a heavier car costs more to move, and this small difference could save you money. it could also be more of a liability in case of an accident, a leak, or a similar problem.
5. take photos.
as a final step, caravan auto transport recommends documenting the current condition of your vehicle with dated photos and notes. by doing so, you will have proof that any damage sustained during shipping was not present at the start. it might allow you to collect damages to make repairs to the vehicle. be sure to inspect the car upon arrival, as well.
shipping a car requires much more preparation than transporting other objects. but by following these five steps, you can get your vehicle ready to ship long-distance. with that arrangement made, you can focus on other vital tasks that need your attention.
continue reading 






 




31/10/2019 
			 / long-distance moving 
six insider tips for successfully moving across the country 

moving your home to any new location is a big deal. it’s even more of a challenge when you’re picking up and moving across the country. there are a few tips that can help you maneuver through these uncharted waters. take a look at these top six insider tips to make your cross-country move a …
continue reading 






 




31/10/2019 
			 / trailer transport types 
open versus enclosed trailer transport – what to know 

automobile transport companies are capable of shipping your vehicle to any city in the united states. how they transport your car, and the services they offer will vary between companies. while the vast majority of automobile transport companies will transport your vehicle via a tractor-trailer, but depending on the transport company you select, you may have the choice between either open-air or enclosed transport. this article will discuss the pros and cons of both methods.
open transport
when an automobile transport company states that they move your vehicle by way of open-air trucks, it employs the kind of carrier that you typically see moving vehicles. this kind of truck is usually between 75 and 80 feet long and tows a two-level trailer with cars on the top and bottom. this type does not have sides or a roof, so the vehicles are unprotected and susceptible to damage at all times.
pros and cons of open transport

pros- cheapest transport method, greater visibility allows the driver to inspect the vehicles quickly while in transit, and because this trailer weighs less than an enclosed one, it is more fuel-efficient and a better option for the environment. approximately 90% of all automobile transport companies utilize open transport trailers. it means that open-air transport trailers are typically faster and easier to schedule. this process is also more efficient. in this case, efficiency means that they can transport more vehicles with a single haul. most open transport trailers can haul between 7 to 10 cars.
cons- your vehicle is continuously exposed to the environment, which increases the potential of damage. this option is also less secure.

enclosed transport
an enclosed transport features a trailer that is fully enclosed that provides superior protection and security for your vehicle.
pros and cons of enclosed transport

pros- transporting your vehicle in an enclosed trailer is typically the ideal shipping option for luxury or antique vehicles because of its level of protection and security. it is designed to protect against extreme weather conditions and damaging road debris.
cons- the downsides of an enclosed transport trailer are limited access by the driver to perform inspections of the vehicles during transport, reduced fuel efficiency, and they are dramatically more expensive than open transport trailers.

insurance
all automobile transport companies are required to have adequate insurance to cover the vehicles that they are transporting. it is essential to inquire about the level of coverage that the company offers. if the coverage is insufficient, then you should attempt to increase it. keep in mind that some companies may not have the level of insurance that you desire. it is also ideal to check with your automobile insurance company to see what your policy covers.
to choose the transport option that is best for you, think about the level of security that your vehicle requires. if you will be transporting a collector’s or antique car, it is probably best to be safe than sorry and opt for an enclosed transport to ship your vehicle. conversely, if you will be transporting an older car, then an open-air transport trailer makes sense. no matter which method you choose, it is ideal to get multiple quotes (get free quotes here) to ensure you are getting a fair rate. the company you select should be licensed, bonded, and insured.
continue reading 






 




14/01/2020 
			 / out-of-state vehicle transport 
four dos and don’ts for transporting your vehicle out-of-state 

while others consider owning a car a luxury, the convenience it provides when traveling is still the best benefit. however, you can’t always depend on it, especially when you need to go somewhere beyond your car’s limits. in a situation where you need to move out-of-state, considering the services of an auto shipping company can …
continue reading 





 

follow usfacebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutubesearch now

search for:



  recent posts 

five simple steps to get your car ready for long distance shipping


six insider tips for successfully moving across the country


open versus enclosed trailer transport – what to know


four dos and don’ts for transporting your vehicle out-of-state


sponsored content 











        © 2025. mwc freight & transport. all rights reserved - privacy policy













