



  



home page - hotel rosarito official website

















































menu





book now



home pagerooms & suitesvirtual tour  360°frequently asked questionscasa playa spachaberts restaurantdining100 anniverarylocation




englishespañol











home pagerooms & suitesvirtual tour  360°frequently asked questionscontact uscasa playa spachaberts restaurantdiningweddingslocationtianguis turístico méxico



social




share










home pagerosarito beach hotel & spa 
logo 






millions of visitors as well as movie stars, presidents and international royalty have been attracted to it´s romantic old world charm and loving hospitality. its popularity spawned the birth of the city of rosarito beach, just 30 miles south of san diego. the hotel has been at the heart of the popular resort destination that grew up around it. today, the hotel is a full-service, self-contained resort with 500 rooms in three oceanfront towers. it remains the region's most popular hotel and a must-see destination for rosarito's more than one-million visitors a year. its grandeur, world-class restaurants, entertainment, lodging options, activities and special events make it the perfect destination for visitors on almost any travel budget.









why rosarito beach? 
rosarito beach presents a rare and wonderful opportunity to visit a foreign country rich in culture and heritage. 










authentic mexican

see more








casa playa spa                    experience 

see more








dreams come true

wedding packages




history, tradition & hospitality 
logo





since 1924
enjoy a full-service resort and 500 rooms with a view
see more



 




the beauty of baja, the climate, the panoramic ocean views...
the beauty of baja - the climate, the panoramic ocean views, the white sandy beaches, plus the mexican culture and history along with the warmth of the sun - is what attracts people here.






brochure
the largest beachfront hotel in baja california, méxico
read more:








your dream beachfront wedding awaits
imagine saying "i do" with the sound of the waves as your backdrop and the sun setting over the pacific ocean. your perfect beachfront wedding is just a dream away at the rosarito beach hotel. 
packages 2025







weekend fun, family vacation, retirement






rosarito is a unique opportunity to vacation in a foreign country but with the convenience of a short drive. families can explore new locations and experience a different culture while couples can rediscover their love for one another in the beautifully romantic setting of baja. because of the breathtaking sunsets, the delicious food, the warm climate and exciting night life, many americans are now deciding to retire in one of the many beautiful beach communities that rosarito has to offer.















blvd. benito juarez 31 centro, playas rosarito, bc, baja california 22710 mexico
phone 1 800 343 8582




home pagerooms & suiteslocationweddingsmeeting roomscasa playa spaget in touchrosarito beachazteca restaurantrosa & rita bardining baja stylefrequently asked questions100 anniveraryrbh house rulestianguis turístico méxico

























