




ubrf: uberbrain research frontier - meeting the challenge of healthcare transformation









































































 skip to main content skip to footerubrf: uberbrain research frontiermeeting the challenge of healthcare transformationabout

research frontiers
vision & mission
our manifesto


team

vivek misra
poornima rajan-misra


core services

research consulting
innovation management


work

publications
white papers


journal
contact
main contentresearch frontiers
meeting the challenge of healthcare transformation
 read more


our agenda
we envision a social, digital and technological knowledge sharing revolution, in which all stakeholders including - physicians, service providers, health program managers, policy makers and researchers at all levels learn from each other, and adapt and use global health knowledge to build stronger health systems and enable people to live healthier lives.
we at ubrf, works across the health community on a wide variety of business, policy, technology, and operational challenges. among other issues, we're working to:

strengthen the healthcare system through innovation
accelerate the pace of translating scientific discoveries into practice

read our manifesto to discover more about  our philosophy and vision.


the uberbrain
our monthly newsletter, which delivers the latest news, views and reviews in neuroscience | public health | research. join alongside 3000+ professionals for a monthly update.

  


by joining the newsletter, you agree to our privacy policy

research frontiers


 
neurosciences
unraveling how the mind & brain work is a significant step in understanding what makes humans human 
learn more

 
mental health
imagine a world where mental health professionals can get the knowledge they needs to improve health & save lives 
learn more

 
disruptive medtech
technology can bring complex & expensive health care products & services to greater levels of affordability & accessibility 
learn more

journaljuly 13, 2023 by vivek misra leave a comment management of parkinson’s disease using non-invasive brain stimulation
nibs can increase the activity of surviving dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra, leading to a compensatory effect on motor symptoms. 



parkinson's … [read more...] about management of parkinson’s disease using non-invasive brain stimulationmarch 14, 2023 by vivek misra leave a comment what is transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation (tvns)?
vns is primarily used as a treatment for certain types of epilepsy and depression that have not responded to other treatments.




what is vagus nerve … [read more...] about what is transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation (tvns)?march 10, 2023 by vivek misra 1 comment what is transcranial direct current stimulation?
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a non-invasive technique that uses a weak electrical current to modulate brain activity.





in neurology and … [read more...] about what is transcranial direct current stimulation?next page »footercontact us
email – info [at] ubrf.org
9444 222 050


about us
ubrf develops strategies and innovation systems focused upon neuroscience and mental health research.
learn more.


follow us
facebooklinkedinrsstwitter
copyright © 2025 uberbrain research frontierterms of use
medical disclaimer
privacy policy
 















