












housing & residence life | rutgers newark student affairs

























































  skip to main content

















rutgers newark student affairs


search




search the rutgers newark student affairs site







menu


 

health & wellness


 
health & wellness
feeling unwell or stressed? find the help you need


see a doctor or counselor
medical services



 
disability services
need accommodations?


new to ods
request accommodations



 
vpva
have you been stalked, harassed, or experienced sexual/partner violence?


text us
resources & education



 
pantry+ at run
experiencing food insecurity? access free groceries at the pantryrun


order online
donations & volunteers



 

health education
covid-19 vaccine information






 

campus life & events


 
student life
student organizations, activities, community service, leadership


new student programs
student organizations
student affairs calendar



 
housing & residence life
you’re at home when you live at rutgers university–newark


apply for housing
residence halls
living on campus



 
dining
your guide to campus dining


meal plans
raider dollars



 
event services
coordinate and schedule your next campus event


reservations
events spaces
catering



 

plan your social calendar
find a place to study






 

career services


 
career resources & exploration

make an appointment
come to drop-ins



 
build your career community

industry communities
specific population / identity communities



 
rutgers-newark handshake

find an internship or job
attend a career event



 

majors and careers
graduate / professional school
gain experience
resumes and cover letters
make connections






 

student communities


 
intercultural resource center

undocumented student services
lgbtq student services



 
office of international student & scholar services

f-1 student
j-1 exchange visitor services
rglobal portal



 
office of veteran affairs

veteran students



 

bias education and response team (bert)






 

athletics & recreation


 
athletics & recreation
home of the scarlet raiders!


official athletics website
facilities
recreation & intramurals



 
raider fan zone
show your rutgers-newark school spirit


shop raider gear
game day tickets
raider vision



 

golden dome athletic center
division iii recruitment
athletics hall of fame






 

about us


 
who r we?
get to know the division of student affairs team


staff directory
our stories



 
paul robeson campus center

about paul robeson



 
report a concern

community standards
title ix & ada compliance
care team



 

student support services
who can you ru-n to?
faculty resources
bias education report team (b.e.r.t.)









report a concern





emergencies

if you witness an emergency, call 911.
the care team is not an emergency service.





care team

are you or someone you know dealing with a difficult situation or in crisis? we'll immediately direct your concern to the most qualified person.
      
                    get in touch
      
          







menu
search
report a concern













housing & residence life


 





















in this section

secondary navigation


career resources & exploration


health & wellness


about us


campus life & events


student life & leadership


housing & residence life


residence halls


living on campus


faqs




athletics & recreation


dining


intercultural resource center


event services


paul robeson campus center


new student & family programs




support services
















          housing & residence life
        

          welcome to rutgers university – newark office of housing and residence life. the office of housing & residence life provides an on campus living environment that is safe, secure, well maintained, and which promotes personal growth, social development, the celebration of individual differences, and academic excellence. 
        

expand 
collapse 






        residence halls  
        


the office of housing & residence life provides an on campus living environment that is safe, secure, well maintained, and which promotes personal growth, social development, the celebration of individual differences, and academic excellence. clickable here for more information on woodward hall, university square apartments, talbott apartments, ruth bader ginsburg hall, 48 new street & 180 west market street. 
back to top






        vaccination guidelines for residents
        


immunizations are required for students to live in university housing. students will not be permitted to move into university housing if they do not upload their immunization information into the student immunization portal. for more information on which vaccines are required to live on campus, please review the student immunizations website and select the packet information that corresponds to your campus and academic school. if you have questions about housing, please email the office of housing & residence life.
back to top






        fix my room 
        


please be as detailed as possible with your work order request. after logging into your account please type reslife into the password box on the actual work order request.
you may need to create an account when you first visit the system and please ensure your information is accurate for your 2024-2025 room assignment.
schooldude link 
back to top






        living learning community  
        


a learning community is a self-selected group of students who share similar academic interests and explore them together in common courses and out of classroom activities. these communities are residentially based, which means that participating students live in the same residence hall and floor.  
back to top






        living on campus  
        


ru ready to move to campus? we are excited to see you back on campus for your move-in. here is some helpful information for this big day! an official email with check-time times and dates will be sent out as your move-in date gets near! however, if your plans have changed, and you are no longer in need of on campus housing, please email our assignments director at aei3@rutgers.edu to cancel your housing before move in day, to avoid accruing housing charges
guide to residence life 2024 - 2025 undergraduate students
guide to residence life 2024 - 2025 graduate students
housing terms & conditions 2024 - 2025
spring 2025 intent to vacate form
back to top






        recovery housing 
        


if you are in recovery and are searching for a strong community to support your journey at rutgers university-newark, then check out our recovery housing. we offer on-campus housing that is discrete and protects anonymity. in addition to housing, we also offer community! you can participate in on and off campus social, sober activities on a regular basis. if you are interested in receiving more information about recovery housing and services, please contact lida pascualm, director of alcohol and other drug assistance program, at 973.353.5805 or via email. you can also check us out or connect on social media. 
back to top






        summer conference housing
        


the office of housing and residence life is no longer taking requests for summer 2024 conference housing. interested parties looking for summer 2024 summer conference housing should connect with our office in early 2024. 
 
please contact housing@newark.rutgers.edu if you need housing for the fall 2024- spring 2025 academic year.  
back to top






        faq  
        


some information to help you best enjoy your stay on the rutgers newark campus. click here.  
back to top









student feature






 











mi hyun yoon



          housing and residence life
        

the office of housing and residence life plays an integral role in supporting students on the newark campus










          applying for housing  
        

          assignments are determined based on several criteria including but not limited to the following: 

geographical distance from student’s home address to campus, with students that live the furthest away receiving a priority. 

date that your housing application is received, with students that apply the earliest receiving a priority.  

certain academic programs and campus involvement also receive additional priority for housing. 

there are also a variety of special interest housing options. students who apply for housing after the due date will be assigned based on the priority criteria listed above. all students interested in on-campus housing must apply separately from their application for admission to the university. 
        

expand 
collapse 






        first year/transfer application
        


the housing application will be available after you accept the university's offer of admission. to accept your offer of admission, log onto your rutgers status and enroll. if you have already accepted your offer of admission, you may visit https://oncampus.rutgers.edu by logging in with your netid and password to access the online housing application and agreement. 
back to top






        continuing undergraduate student application
        


you may submit a housing application by visiting https://oncampus.rutgers.edu and logging in with your netid and password.  please note, returning students will have a priority room selection period based on their number of credits, and number of semesters living on campus. please look for a room selection email during the spring semester.  
back to top






        graduate student application
        


you may submit a housing application by visiting https://oncampus.rutgers.edu and logging in with your netid and password. please look for a room selection email during the spring semester.
back to top










          contact us
        







office of housing and residence life




housing@newark.rutgers.edu


(973) 353-1037




          woodward hall
          91 bleeker street, newark nj 07102         





















 









rutgers newark student affairs on instagram







rutgers newark student affairs on twitter







rutgers newark student affairs on facebook







utility links


runsa@newark.rutgers.edu


care team



© 2024 rutgers university - newark  |  all rights reserved


global rutgers links


universitywide


new brunswick


camden


rbhs


myrutgers


blackboard


scarletmail


people search




rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers websites to accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier / provide feedback form.






































