













st augustine historic inns: romantic bed and breakfast lodging in florida




















































st augustine historic inns (sahi)



skip to header rotation
skip to main content









main menu




logoinns

view allamenity chartavailability
membershiprestaurantsthings to  do

attractionsarts & entertainmentrecreationrelaxationshoppingtours & transportationon the go map
blog904-346-1116   



availability



















st. augustine's historic innsthe real b&bs of the nation’s oldest city!






our bed and breakfast inns offer the perfect opportunity to make the romance and history of st. augustine, florida come alive.
recently named “one of the 10 most walkable cities in the united states,” our city offers you memorable strolls along our brick-paved streets, tours of many historic attractions, museums and art galleries, a chance to “shop ’til you drop,” and dining to your heart’s content; all without ever getting behind the wheel.
our lodging accommodations also offer you affordable homes away from home, each one with its own flair and decor, and the kind of personal service that only a st. augustine bed and breakfast can deliver. whenever you visit, your stay in one of our st. augustine historic bed and breakfast inns will be so memorable, that you will want to return time and again.
plan your romantic getaway today and look forward to enjoying the many hotspots st. augustine offers, and be sure to book a room in one of our charming b&bs. the featured st augustine bed and breakfasts in our association have won many awards and have been highlighted in numerous travel publications, from southern living to hgtv magazine. a one-of-a-kind accommodation is yours when you stay in one of st. augustine’s historic inns.








 





our properties 
learn about st augustine when staying at one of our historic bed and breakfast properties.
stay 












things to do 
explore all of the noteworthy places to visit that are conveniently located near each bed and breakfast property.
plan 





 








 





restaurants 
explore dining options that are just as diverse as the city itself.
dine 












membership 
join our association for access to professional resources.
join 





 








 





featured events 
discover the latest and greatest local events in the oldest city.
discover 












bed and breakfast holiday tour returns for 2024 
grab that blinking christmas necklace, gather your friends, and make plans to enjoy st. augustine’s 2024 bed and breakfast holiday tour!
tour 





 













 po box 1809 st augustine, fl 32085                        phone: 904.346.1116
email | website
accessibility | privacy | site map 

facebook
google
youtube



be the first to know!
receive trip ideas and information about local events.

sign up now







© st augustine historic inns (sahi) 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.







call for assistance904.346.1116
 















 


call
inns
area

membership




close x
904.346.1116


find my roombook now





logoinns

view allamenity chartavailability
membershiprestaurantsthings to  do

attractionsarts & entertainmentrecreationrelaxationshoppingtours & transportationon the go map
blog904-346-1116  




