

mlmlegal.com - u.s. mlm attorney and network marketing industry educator












home
about us

» scope of services
» legal services
» experience
» biography
» faq
» mlmlegal on itunes


mlm law library

» federal statutes & regulations
» state statutes
» legal cases - federal
» legal cases - state


articles

» faq
» article powerindex
» business articles
» mlm textbook
» library of articles
» library of articles ii
» mlm consulting
» mlm software
» irs publication 911 [pdf]


video library

» video library
» educational videos
» expert interviews
» q&a videos
» distributor education
» mlm startup
» conference invitation
» real mlm trial video
» company/distributor training
» dswa interview


legaline publications

» free mlm dvd
» network marketing: what you should know book
» order online


mlm resources

» vendor directory
» mlm company profiles
» direct selling companies search engine
» mlm news headlines
» stock watch
» mlm news global newsletter


legal cases

» federal court cases
» federal agencies
» state courts
» subjects


contact us

» mlm startup conference



blog

» mlmattorney blog












mlm startup conference
the new direct selling conference



register today
	 

	
	 

	to register call: 480-588-2762





an action conference for startup and existing direct selling companies. check out the expert speakers.
  




the next direct selling conference - october 13th & 14th, 2022 - live in scottsdale, az



welcome to mlmlegal.com
 

welcome to mlmlegal.com
  
let us be your guide.


we've started companies like melaleuca, usana, nerium, nikken, excel, and team national.

we've been an active mlm legal advisor to new york stock exchange (nyse) companies like avon, herbalife, and nuskin, as well as provided legal advisory to industry leader amway.

whether you are a direct selling  startup or established mlm company, we are here and available to be your most trusted advisor and mlm attorney.

consider us your "concierge," legal advisor, available to you 24/7.


we know this business.

we even teach direct selling at universities and at the direct selling association (dsa), and we have chaired more than 80 national conferences on starting and running the mlm company.

your success is imperative to us.





 
 ~ call us at 503-226-6600.

 ~ attend the mlm startup conference. to register call: 480-588-2762.
 ~ check out our blog  for the latest developments in the mlm legal field.
 ~ subscribe to our new, informative e-newsletter, mlm news global.



 
hot topics in the network marketing industry

what's new at mlmlegal.com?
 


 
new!!! ftc vs. advocare: a teachable moment for direct selling article
new!!! a focused webinar for startup mlm companies






 
new!!! advocare abandons mlm: uncertainty returns to direct selling article
new! jeffrey babener interview on tom chenault show podcast
new! dsa launches independent contractor initiative article
new! u.s. supreme court sales tax reversal... where to from here? article
new! mlm cryptocurrency scams: stopping the brand killer and protecting the direct selling channel article
new! the new ftc direct selling guidance... imperfect, but a good start article
new! ftc and direct selling come to the table as stakeholders: h.r. 3409 article
new! search for certainty in direct selling: a legal and business rationale for h.r. 3409 article
new! fact checking the ftc’s new legal guidance article
new! will the ftc unilaterally change the business and legal landscape for direct selling in 2017? article
ftc v. herbalife: post-settlement legal guidance for the direct selling industry article
ftc v. herbalife settlement: first take article
"vemma: preparing for the ftc ambush"  article
"vemma preliminary injunction... first take" article
"vemma vs. ftc guidance for the direct selling industry" article



 

educational mlm video collection
 

educational videos for mlm owners and distributors
 

visit our videos page for over 140 videos covering common questions and concerns in the direct selling industry, including startup, software, technology, compensation plans, legalities, startup kits, products/services, trademarks, pyramid schemes, mlm startup conference, faq, merchant accounts, industry history, and so much more. click the images below to view the video pages and sections.




 

popular articles
 

timely articles on the network marketing industry



new!! the new ftc direct selling guidance... imperfect, but a good start
the new ftc direct selling guidance arrived in january, 2018. it built on the goodwill dialogue between the ftc and the direct selling industry that was ushered in by a well-received dsa presentation of acting chairperson maureen ohlhausen in november, 2017.
read more »

new!! search for certainty in direct selling... a legal and business rationale for h.r. 3409
executive summary: the legal environment and the accepted business model of leading direct selling companies has been relatively stable for 50 years. that equilibrium was upset by the regulatory proposals of a former ftc commissioner to upend that environment with new arbitrary rules that lack a basis in case authority or legislation...
read more »

new!! ftc and direct selling come to the table as stakeholders: h.r. 3409
what a difference a year makes. in a well-received presentation to the november, 2017 dsa regulatory conference, ftc acting chairperson, maureen ohlhausen, struck a totally different tone in regard to forward looking ftc enforcement policy on direct selling, contrasted with the october, 2016 presentation of former ftc chairperson, edith ramirez.
read more »



ftc v. burnlounge: lessons learned for mlm/direct selling
ftc v. burnlounge: 10 point mini-primer and action plan on the "personal use" issue. ftc stated policy has been to prosecute egregious pyramid schemes as opposed to mainstream direct selling. by and large, this has been the case since the famous 1979 ftc amway unsuccessful prosecution.
read more »

herbalife: what short sellers missed on the way to the press conference...
the 2012 billion dollar short seller attack on herbalife, a 32 year old nyse listed direct seller of nutritional products in 80 plus countries with annual sales in excess of $3 billion, is akin to a replay of seminal challenge to the mlm/direct selling model, won by amway in 1979. in the matter of amway, 93 f.t.c. 618 (1979).
read more »

burnlounge appeal decision: guidance on pyramid v legitimate mlm and the role of personal use in pyramid analysis
on june 2, 2014, in the case of ftc v. burnlounge, the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit issued a seminal decision, affirming a lower court finding that the burnlounge mlm (multilevel marketing) program was an illegal pyramid scheme...
read more »



mlm cryptocurrency scams: stopping the brand killer and protecting the direct selling channel
oin march 2018, google followed facebook in banning cryptocurrency ads. why? it was too hard to identify the legitimate from the illegitimate advertiser and that out of control speculation and fraudulent financial schemes were creating confusion for the consumer experience. given that more than 80 percent of google revenue derives from ads, google was rightfully concerned that rampant fraud buried in its signature product, online advertising, could dilute its "brand" and poison the receptive market of its readers and product consumers, its advertisers.
read more »

new!! ftc v. herbalife: post-settlement legal guidance for the direct selling industry
the july, 2016 settlement between the ftc and herbalife is likely to have a profound impact on the direct selling industry. but, what that impact will be is uncertain. markets do not like uncertainty.
read more »

new!! ftc v. herbalife settlement: first take article
on july 14, 2016, the ftc and herbalife concluded a multiyear investigation with a stipulated settlement that both, brought the investigation to a close, and delineated a going forward set of rules by which herbalife would conduct its direct selling business. given the fact that herbalife is one of the largest global direct selling companies, the direct selling industry is quite focused on the meaning of the settlement to the industry, both short-term and long-term. and given the immense power of the ftc, the direct selling industry will wonder how much regulation it can withstand before it suffers irreparable harm.
read more »


mlm law library


mlm law library






federal statutes and regulations ~
mlm law in 50 states ~
legal cases - federal & state ~
selected state case analysis ~
selected federal case analysis ~
mlm business articles~
power index ~








the law library
the law library is a full library which includes 100s of federal and state cases, statutes, and business/tax articles. more reading is available on our articles page.

mlm textbook
mlm article sampler
more mlm articles
irs publication 911 (pdf)(word)

library


   







mlm resources

mlm resources
 




direct selling companies search engine





here you will find links to hundreds of established and emerging direct selling, party plan, network marketing and mlm companies. go right to the full company website and prepare for a robust and informative presentation. from a company perspective, compare and contrast the myriad of programs and state of art technologies of companies in the direct selling marketplace.


to the link directory

mlm resources»



mlm company profiles






here you will find brief summaries of pertinent information about hundreds of mlm, direct selling, direct sales, network marketing and party plan companies. as a general matter, the summary information is derived from company-published information, generally posted at company websites, public information releases, or posts at industry trade sites.


to the company profiles

mlm resources »



mlm vendor and supplier directory





search the list of vendors and suppliers for mlm, direct selling, direct sales, network marketing, and party plan companies by product/service category.


to the vendors

mlm resources»




mlm news global

mlm news global e-newsletter



 
announcing mlm news global - an e-newsletter 
subscription is free.
 

mlm news global is an e-newsletter presented by mlmlegal.com. this timely e-newsletter delivers top mlm headlines, recent scam reports, videos, articles, and a profiled network marketing company, and so much more delivered to your inbox on a bi-monthly basis.join our newsletter today!
 

sign up today to receive valuable mlm, network marketing, direct selling content, essential to any mlm industry professional. unsubscribe at any time. no spam policy!
 

visit our newsletter archive to view past issues of this popular newsletter, brought to you by one of the most trusted and respected direct selling experts, jeff babener.
 

www.mlmnewsglobal.com



request a free mlm startup manual
 

contact babener & associates
 













*first & last name  


*company name  


*position  


*street address  


*city  


*state  


*zipcode  


*country  


*phone  


*email  


*product/service  


 mlm company  mlm startup


how can our law office assist you?
 


*required fields: complimentary manual is only sent to individuals who are in a corporate management of a startup or existing mlm company. validating information in required fields must be filled out.


    





     





 

about attorney jeff babener and mlmlegal.com

jeffrey a. babener, of portland, oregon, www.mlmlegal.com, is the principal attorney in the law firm of babener & associates. he represents leading u.s. and foreign companies in the direct selling industry. he has been a key advisor to such companies as avon, amway, team national, herbalife, discovery toys, nikken, shaklee nuskin, excel, usana, fuller brush, cell tech, enagic, sunrider, melaleuca, nerium international, etc. he is a frequent lecturer and has been interviewed on the industry, and published, in such publications as money, inc., atlantic monthly, success, entrepreneur, kiplinger's personal finance, home office computing, business start-ups, direct selling news magazine, and money maker's monthly. he is editor of the industry publication, direct sales legaline. mr. babener is also the author of the books; tax guide for mlm/direct selling distributors, network marketer's guide to success, the mlm corporate handbook, network marketing: window of opportunity, and network marketing: what you should know (used as the college curriculum textbook at utah valley state course on network marketing). he is editor of one of most frequented network marketing educational web sites, www.mlmlegal.com . he has served as chair of more than 70 national conferences on starting and running the direct selling company. he serves on the lawyers council and government relations committees of the direct selling association (dsa), and he has served as general counsel and on the board of the mlmia (multilevel marketing international association). he has lectured at major industry trade meetings and at such educational institutions as the univ. of illinois, university of texas, university of houston, etc. he is a graduate of the university of southern california law school where he served as an editor of the usc law review, followed by the appointment as a law clerk to hon. david williams, u.s. district court for the central district of california.

a number of babener & associates client companies have been success stories over the last several decades, including several billion dollar and nyse companies such as avon, herbalife, nuskin, usana. other successful companies, to which the law firm has provided varying level of advisory, have included melaleuca, nikken, enagic, discovery toys, amazon herbs, trivita, nerium international, shaklee, prepaid legal, tupperware, primerica, arbonne, longaberger, excel communications, acn, etc.

mr. babener has served as lead trial counsel for multiple cases on direct selling throughout the u.s. further background material on direct selling will be found at the website, www.mlmlegal.com, where he is editor.
 

key pages to visit while you're here


mlm startup conference
the starting and running the successful mlm company conference in scottsdale. sign up to attend today!
read more »


contact us
you may contact us by telephone, mail or email by clicking this link.
read more »

key mlm resources




mlmattorney.com

the site for legal information that impacts mlm companies.
www.mlmattorney.com



sheffield resource network

the best from compensation plans to total mlm startup.
www.sheffieldnet.com



trinity sofware
trinity software offers firestormï¿½, its flagship direct selling software platform.
www.trinitysoft.net







multisoft

affordable mlm software, ecommerce, replicated sites & more.
www.multisoft.com



mlm news global
mlm news global, an industry e-newsletter originating from one of the most trusted and respected direct selling websites, mlmlegal.com.
www.mlmnewsglobal.com



idstc

a trusted partner for direct selling technology.
www.idstc.com



follow babener & associates on our social networks. stay current on legal news, cases, videos, and articles. contact us today!
about 1 hour ago follow @babenerlawfirm and @mlmconsulting on twitter like jeffrey babener on facebook like babener & associate's page on facebook find mlmlegal on linkedin and on google+ ~share this site by email.~ 


  







about us services legaline publications law library faq mlm news global newsletter mlmlegal on itunes blog sitemap contact us
© 2015 by jeff babener. all rights reserved. mlmlegal.com and babener & associates: 503-226-6600.



