






  







	dynatech - exhaust systems and headers








































                    catalog
                

                    newsletter
                

                    login
                

                    my garage
                

                    800.848.5850
                




















shop by product





about





contact


















{{totalincart}}


















                        go
                    


                    -or-
                



make


model


year


                        go
                    



















price drop plus


closeout sale


header sets


header kits


merge collectors


torque boosters


exhaust mufflers


header flanges


header gaskets


exhaust clamps


exhaust collectors


exhaust elbows


accessories


apparel











 








                price drop plus
            

                featured
            

               accessories
            









exhaust systems and headers. 20 years of superior performance.
dynatech exhaust systems and headers continue as the award winning leaders for fit, function and performance. for more than 20 years now, dynatech exhaust products have provided superior performance for drag racing and circle track racing.











price drop plus
we've lowered prices on over 100 high-quality dynatech products! shop online or contact your local dealer today and enjoy the amazing savings!
shop now





2 step dragster chrome headers
designed with looks and performance in mind.
shop now





ceramic coated dragster headers
designed for a long-lasting, durable appearance.
shop more










new technology focus for racing and performance auto exhaust.
advances in racing, engineering and design have automakers bringing a whole new breed of cars and trucks to the tracks. this same excitement and a new wave of technology is all around dynatech. you will see our focus on new racing exhaust systems when you go through this site or browse our catalog.
virtual reality exhaust design systems allow engineers to design the exhaust system in virtual space that will meet all necessary design criteria. key interference and mounting points are captured and then transferred into engineering computer stations. tube routings, lengths, and diameters are manipulated for proper fit and function. these processes cut design time by 90% and produce a much more efficient and powerful design.





what's new?















like you, we’re racing and performance enthusiasts.
at dynatech, we’re racers and performance enthusiasts just like you. we understand the value of offering no-hassle, maintenance-free products to our customers. and we go to extra lengths to make sure that what you need is in stock and ready to ship. many companies strive for the kind of quality and service that we provide. at dynatech, it's "business as usual."
















































physical address
                        977 hyrock blvd.
                        boonville, in 47601
                    

mailing address
                        p.o. box 548
                        boonville, in 47601
                    

sales and technical support
                        800-632-2320
                        open daily monday-friday
                        8 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. cst
                    






resources



 
	newsletter




	logos





	product photo links





my garage



 
	shopping cart





	my orders





get help



 
	contact us





	warranty / returns policy





	stock adjustments





	payment terms





	family and medical leave act





	equal employment opportunity





	employee polygraph protection act





	employment application











    
                ©2025 afco performance group. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms & conditions | right to opt out























