









government auctions guide - government auctions & police auctions











login












 







				 





 























welcome





activate


member privileges


faq


about


contacts & address









            affiliate program



















 


activate 
	your account!












your email

zip/postal code









privacy commitment





















 




registration
                                info











registered
users get full  access to the government
auctions and foreclosure information and directories on this website. annual
membership is only $39.95 and
instant access is guaranteed! learn what it takes
to genuinely be successful buying seized, surplus, and abandoned property at all
types of government  auctions and foreclosures. click
here to activate your account!















3






















the
                  ultimate guide to government auctions & foreclosures !


if 
                    you’re in the market to buy bank foreclosures, and seized, 
                    surplus, and abandoned items from the government at 
                    discounts from the normal prices,
					government-auctions-guide.com™ 
                    is a is a website you should not be without! 




activate your 
					account now 



 
					&
					begin saving!






















 

featured on


 
	




	 



 


 & 
		more.



		 












offering lots of real estate
  foreclosure 
  listings where people just like you are finding homes for as little as $10,000.
 


















 


  knowing where to find these auctions  is a must to getting incredible 
	bargains on just about anything you ever wanted!


government-auctions-guide.com™ 
	shows our registered users a vast plethora of sources where they can benefit 
	financially, or otherwise get great deals at government & police auctions.  
	these include federal, state and local auctions of all types of surplus, 
	seized, and abandoned property you could imagine.  and the federal, 
	state, and local governments and police in the u.s. and canada are commonly 
	eager to sell it all for 

	whatever they can get.  by becoming a 
	registered member, you can potentially save huge sums of money when 
	you buy the house, cars, or boats of your dreams, or a huge number of other 
	items well-matched to your personal or business needs at these auctions. 
	 



	activate...



 












 


  no other website presents such a comprehensively organized database of these 
	auctions, and in as usable a format. 


when you join, 
	you'll get immediate access to our unmatched database of over 2,000 
	federal, state, and local government agency auctions in your state / 
	territory and on the internet, specially organized for easy usability. 
	you'll also get access to our database of 100,000+ foreclosures. 

the abundance of information we provide was obtained 
	through extensive experience and with numerous hours of research.  and 
	we've put it all together so that you can cash in on the unbelievable 
	bargains offered each and every day, week, month, and year at various  
	government & police auctions in almost every location in the u.s. and 
	canada, as well as online.  
	
activate...



 









 


	here is the
  bottom line


those who are registered with government-auctions-guide.com™
make
  their fortunes, buy the home or car of their dreams, and find great 
  bargains on a wealth of other items perfectly suited for use in their homes or businesses
   by taking advantage of the awesome 
  compilation of government & police auctions and sources that we have put together. 
	 


activate...



 













 

how is 
  it that government-auctions-guide.com will help you discover where to get 
  amazing deals on almost everything?


our  coherently assembled database of government 
  auctions and auction sources will almost spoon feed you information as to where 
  you need to go (both
  online and geographically) to successfully  begin and continue
  making purchases of cars, houses, jewelry, electronics, and a tremendous assortment of
  other items sold at government auctions for unbelievably low prices. 

   you can even enter the government auctions game for profit, and resell the 
  items you buy at much higher prices. 
   simply put: using the information we have painstakingly compiled, 
  you'll be able to cash in on the incredible bargains offered daily, 
  weekly, monthly, and annually  at all types of government auctions located in your state or 
  territory and on the internet.


click here to 



activate your 
	account now!













sunday, february 16, 2025 




 

member resources











featured resources



government auctions happening near you  


government auction vehicles near you 


search for government auction items online  


foreclosures & 
pre-foreclosures 
auction
directories



government auctions full list by state / territory
federal
government auctions of seized property 
federal
government auctions of surplus property 

government auctions of federal real estate
federal
government auctions of intangible items
bankruptcy
auctions
state
government agency auctions
university
auctions
local
government & police auctions
canada
government auctions

government auctions online




 micronesiaalabamaalaskaamer. samoaarizonaarkansascaliforniacanadacoloradoconnecticutdcdelawarefloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorkno. carolinano. dakotano. mariana isl.ohiooklahomaonlineoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandso. carolinaso. dakotatennesseetexasus virgin isutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming




more
resources
recent
government auction sale results
used
merchandise price guides
unclaimed
money search by state/territory
















 










 









 
sign
up | member
privileges | faqs
| 

about government-auctions-guide.com
| contact
information | 
home
in
the news | 
what you can find for sale  | advertise
| 
terms of use |  

foreclosures |

auction blog

copyright © 2003-2021  government auctions guide  all rights reserved.

copyright notice








