

how to detect invisible users on yahoo! messenger













offline or invisible?
an article on how to know whether a yahoo! messenger user is really offline or in "invisible" mode
a partner site of kejut.com: a surprise for you! and ikitek.com: great compact software 

 



do you want to view the message archive (conversation log) without logging in? or recover saved passwords? 
with yahoo message archive decoder, you can view any message archive of anyone who uses your computer*, without knowing their password!
go to this page to find out more, or just download it now!
the message archives are stored in the disk as .dat files, which is encoded/encrypted. this program can decode/decrypt the file to human-readable pages. the yahoo! messenger doesn't allow you to view the message archive without logging in to the account first. 








 
testimonials:
“i like your method. its working for me :)”
-- nanda 
 “it helps me out to find my friends really logged out or just masked.”
-- shivaprabhu 
 “i like this page and your webpage is invaluable ... keep it up!”
-- vikas
when a user seems offline, in fact he/she may be online but with invisible status (avoiding you?), but yahoo! messenger will show him/her as offline (the gray face icon).
then, how do you know whether he/she is offline or online? just follow these simple steps carefully. it's really simple.
just choose one (or get paid by clicking):


method 1
doodle imvironment 
method 2
stealth settings check 


method 3
voice chat 
method 4
conference invitation 


note: if you clicked the links above but nothing happened, your browser might not support the newer  dom (document object model). please upgrade your browser a newer browser such as  
              
 
(no, there is no adware nor spyware. that is just a better browser). sorry for the problem! 



 
sponsored links 








 








see the main window of yahoo! messenger. an "offline" or "invisible" user will show a gray icon on the left of her name. in this example, we want to see if the user darling is online or not. double-click on the username.







a message window will open. send an arbitrary message to the user, or just send a buzz!!!. after sending, quickly proceed to step 3.







click imvironment button, select see all imvironments, select yahoo! tools or  interactive fun, and click on doodle.







the last step and the most important step. after loading the doodle imvironment, there will be two possibilities.


if the user is offline, the doodle area will show "waiting for your friend to load doodle" continuously, like this:

but if the user is online (in invisible mode), after few seconds (it can take up to one minute, depending on connection speed), you will get a blank page. so the user is online!!!!


note that some methods only work in some versions of yahoo! messenger. please download yahoo! messenger
in order to do the tricks. 







this method no longer works in yahoo! messenger 7. please use the doodle method which still works.



 see the main window of yahoo! messenger. an "offline" or "invisible" user will show a gray icon on the left of her name. in this example, we want to see if the user darling is online or not. right-click on the username.







when the menu appears, select invite to conference. 







a window will appear. see at the right pane, the username darling will be there. now, click invite.







the deciding part... there are 2 possible result:


if the user is offline, you will get this message:
 

but if the user is invisible, you will get a window similar to this:
 

 
note that some methods only work in some versions of yahoo! messenger. please download yahoo! messenger in order to do the tricks. 








using a third-party program (we don't take any responsibility against the usage of the program, and please don't ask anything to me about this program!) called destealther, you can know which users are in invisible state (aka. online) and which are offline. 

but this program has a disadvantage. the program checks whether a user is online or offline based on yahoo! web status. therefore, status of a user whose privacy option is modified so the others cannot see the status, cannot be determined using this program. 
however, it is said that after update of this program, the program works well even with that setting. 
to get the program and instructions on how to use it, go to
niri's yahoo tools page - dead

but some methods only work in some versions of yahoo! messenger. please download yahoo! messenger in order to do the tricks. 
this method is contributed by niri_mblr.
 


 




this method no longer works in yahoo! messenger 7. please use the doodle method which still works.



 see the main window of yahoo! messenger. an "offline" or "invisible" user will show a gray icon on the left of the username. double-click on the username to open this window.







click on "voice" icon on the toolbar, or select "contact" menu and select "enable voice chat" . 







the deciding part... there are 2 possible result:


if the user is offline, you will get this message:
 

but if the user is invisible (actually online), you will see the voice toolbar (marked red in the picture) like this: 


note that some methods only work in some versions of yahoo! messenger. please download yahoo! messenger in order to do the tricks. 
this method is contributed by deepak.l. and shraddha.






this method doesn't actually detect invisible users (who set his/her status as "invisible"), but will detect users that uses stealth settings to   hide from you! 


as you may know, yahoo! messenger version 6 adds a new feature that lets users select which contacts they don't want to be visible to. 
it is done by right-clicking a contact and selecting stealth settings from the menu, as shown in the picture on the left.  

 


now you can find who hides from you! use the form below, just fill in the username of the person who you suspect hiding from you and click the check status button! 

username: 
                    


result: <none> 

however i found this cannot work for users who have opted in to something like "don't show my status to yahoo! web sites". but these kind of users are rare. 
note that some methods only work in some versions of yahoo! messenger. please download yahoo! messenger in order to do the tricks. 



 














that's all! happy hunting!
do you have troubles finding pictures on your disk? 
            you must have heard about the highly-praised 
          . this is your chance to try. 
          click the banner below to download it for free. 







any trademarked and/or copyrighted names are the property of their respective owners.
yahoo! messenger version 5, 6, 7: to check if people are in invisible mode, inform you whether someone in buddy list are in invisible status, detect person who is in appear offline state, all using ym without use of any other program or software. this page explain how to know a friend is offline, online, invisible, busy status (maybe), out of office, etc. crack, hack, booter, and the such things are not needed here. cracks, hacks, booters are all not useful in determining the true / actual status. to determine the real status, just follow the step by step instructions. each instruction is provided with a screen shot (or is it screenshot). without detect but can also. softwares or patch is not necessary at all.

yahoo! messenger seeing person in invisible modes, informing, and informs you whether somebody on buddies listing are in invisible / appear offline state, detecting person which is in appearing offline / disconnected states, not connected, all only using ym without using any others programs or softwares, the detection is very easy. 	there are online checker program for yahoo messenger.  remotely, in remote, these pages explains how knowing friends are offline, online, invisible, busy status (maybe), out of office, etc. cracking, hacking, booting, and the such things are not needed here. crackz, hackz, tricks, are all not useful to determine the real / updated status. to determine the the real status, just follow the step by step instructions. software or patches is not required at all. invisible ink? where?



