












davidson college | davidson





















skip to main site navigation
skip to main content

















skip to main site navigation
skip to main content





open the search panel


site search keywords

search





visit the homepage
 

click to open the main menu






request info
visit
apply




visit the homepage
 



give
news & events





resources for

alumni
new students
current students
parents & families
faculty & staff
visitors & community
school counselors











academics

 academics



majors & minors
research opportunities
experiential learning
study abroad
career outcomes & networking
advising & support
academic departments
arts







library





admission & aid

 admission & aid



apply
visit
diversity & access
explore
financial aid
cost of attendance
en español 







visit
schedule your visit to davidson today.





campus life

 campus life



our campus & surroundings
housing & dining
diversity & inclusion
get involved
leadership & service
health & wellness
financial wellness
international student experience







the arts inspire at davidson





about

 about



fast facts
mission & values
college leadership
history & traditions
race & reconciliation
offices & services
maps & directions
contact us







diversity & inclusion




athletics































thrive in a distinctively supportive community


          "professors and staff consistently go the extra mile to provide resources that cater to my individual needs as a student. they take the time to understand my academic strengths, challenges, and goals, and through targeted assistance or adjustments to coursework, they create an environment where i can thrive both academically and holistically." 
                      
              numa e jannat '27
            

              cato/mcfarland jenkins scholar & mcgowan-bowers family scholar
            

academics















immerse yourself in the arts


          “i’m deeply passionate about getting more people to create art, even just for themselves or for a small audience. there’s value in the process of creation. it’s a way to showcase our humanity to one another.”
                      
              jeremy hunt ’03, ph.d
            

              social media manager, davidson college
            

arts at davidson















find your team


          "everyone at davidson is fully committed to creating and maintaining a supportive environment. there’s no sense of superiority on campus, we’re here to support each other and lean into whatever atmosphere is trying to be created."
                      
              kayleigh davies '25
            

              james b. duke scholar
            

campus life















prepare for a life of leadership & service


          "all athletes, regardless of level, are real people who have to deal with life in addition to the demands of their sport. if i can help athletes with their transition into and out of sport, i’d love to be able to do that for a living.”
                      
              shaun tyrance '00
            

              vp of player services & assessment, kansas city chiefs
            

career outcomes & networking


















find your passion

join a community of scholars committed to lives of leadership and service.



fast facts
academics





74+

majors, minors & programs


find your major
















pause











our community

students from all backgrounds learn from, and alongside, each other. faculty challenge you as they share your dreams. a community equally driven and kind.

student experience

















admission & financial aid

ranked among america's most selective colleges, davidson is proud to stand as one of only two dozen schools in the country that admit students regardless of their family’s ability to pay, meet 100 percent of calculated need, and do so without loans in their aid package. we're here to help as you navigate the admission and financial aid process.



request info
visit
apply





100%

of calculated financial need is met


financial aid











featured davidson news

read the stories of our students, alumni, faculty and community members. 


all news



 








featured
seeking answers and cures: davidson college receives new carnegie research designation

the carnegie classification of institutions of higher education has included davidson college in its new research colleges and universities (rcu) category. the new category recognizes that important research doesn’t only occur in big institutions that award post-graduate degrees.









go to the previous slide.
go to the next slide.







crossing international borders and departmental boundaries: davidson college profs named to new leadership roles








join davidson college in celebrating random acts of kindness day








my summer tackling holistic transformation in charlotte’s freedom drive corridor








building community, transforming careers








bridging the digital divide during my summer with e2d








what would dolly do: tackling early childhood literacy in charlotte














upcoming events

a large part of the davidson experience is living on campus and becoming involved with all that our community has to offer.


all events


















african american spirituals: melissa givens ’89 & cynthia lawing, piano




february 16, 2025




        3:00 pm - 4:30 pm
      




public lecture: “israel: what went wrong?” by omer bartov, professor of  holocaust and genocide studies at brown university




february 18, 2025




        7:00 pm - 9:00 pm
      




emily egan, "20,000 leagues under the wine-dark sea”




february 18, 2025




        7:30 pm - 9:30 pm
      




spiritual imagination as a pathway to climate solutions




february 20, 2025




        11:05 am - 12:05 pm
      





























start your davidson journey

request information

plan your visit

apply to davidson














visit the homepage
 




contact information


work at davidson
maps & directions
contact us






follow the latest at #davidsoncollege


social hub
directories





social media links



instagram





facebook





youtube





linkedin





tiktok





davidson, north carolina 28035
(704) 894-2000







© davidson college
privacy policy
terms of service
accessibility
policy library












