




st. petersburg chess club  540 4th avenue north

































st. petersburg chess club  540 4th avenue north

        open; tuesday: 6pm to 10pm, friday: 6:00 pm to 11:00pm and sunday from 2:00pm to 4:00pm



home
about us
contact us
history
images
simul and lectures
tournaments

relaxation wordpress themesprinter ink cartridges
 






















« older entries





















extra saint petersburg swiss chess tournaments



july 25th, 2022 | author: grandolph



extra… chess tournament for the month!
date:   12/2; 12/9
game 30; d5, 2 sections, 4 rounds.
location:  saint petersburg chess club 540 4th avenue north saint petersburg, fl 33701 (it is located in between mirror lake and the coliseum, next to the sunshine center.)
entry fee:  $25.00 if you pay in advance (to the day before the tournament)
$30 if you pay saturday
you can pay with credit card on my website: https://chessclubjoy.webs.com/ or if you have pay pal you can pay me through email-timotey_gospodinov@yahoo.com. you can pay with zelle ,or with   venmo to timotey gospodinov. when you pay just mention for which tournament you are paying.
uscf membership is required. please check your uscf id and renew it if it has expired. if you need me to do it on site add $5 to your bill.
rounds:  four rounds, first starts at approx. 11:00 a.m.
time control: g30 ; d5 (30 minute with 5 second delay)
sections:
1.   over 1000
2.    under 1000
 prizes:
over 1000 section:  if 20 players: $105-65-50.  u1800 -$45; u1400-$45; u1000-trophies for 1st to 3rd place.
important notice: to secure your spot pay online ahead of time!
bring your chess clock!!!
website & facebook group:  visit our website- https://chessclubjoy.webs.com/ for more info, pre-registration and prepay. join facebook group- https://www.facebook.com/groups/385692191510406/


recommend: cheap jerseys | jerseys nfl cheap | cheapest jersey



posted in uncategorized | no comments »


















friday night chess



may 8th, 2022 | author: grandolph



friday night (open around 6 pm) speed chess, most of the time called “blitz”, starts about 8:00 pm. but if blitz is not your “speed”, play with different time controls or without the clock. but play, one on one with an opponent you can see! online chess is mostly cheaters (using cell phone or computer engine) now days. sure you might play one game against someone, but somehow the next game you play that person plays at 3500 strength! so play with people you can see!! the world is becoming a digital playground, people are not able or want to face their fellow humans today. you see the masses walking in a daze with some kind of digital device in their hands. do i need to mention spelling or grammar? studies have been released saying that cell phone are as addicting as level 4 narcotics. please, put down the cell phone and pick up a pawn.  we are open at 6:00 pm on fridays and some of the better players (experts or masters) show up around 8 pm. come on down to the oldest chess club in the nation (1930) in the same location. love to see you, young and old, male or female, well just everybody! if you want to learn how to play or learn to play even better, we can help as we have the best chess coaches in tampa bay!  the club is open wednesday afternoon and friday from about 6 pm till the last member leaves and locks the door.   it is your move! 1. e4… best by test!
gene randolph , vice president
nike flight 13 mid mens university red jeans black | yeezys – release dates & more., jordans, colorful nike girl sneakers sale for women – urlfreeze news
recommend: cheap jerseys | jerseys nfl cheap | cheapest jersey



posted in news | no comments »


















my thoughts on the 2018 world chess championship



november 30th, 2018 | author: grandolph



the chess world may hate me, but hear it goes. the champion gm magnus carlsen had no intention of trying to win classical chess time control. the game plan from day one was to go to the tie breaks (he has done this twice before). he (maggie) knew that the “rapid” time control fabiano caruana had little chance to win, if any. maggie (ranked #1) had about 100 points over fabi (ranked #10), which is about two classes above fabi, and the “blitz” time control, well, maggie (ranked #1) (fabi ranked #16) would have had to drop dead to lose. i personally feel this sudden death crap will let maggie remain champ until he quits chess. how about starting the next championship duel with the “rapid” and “blitz” first, so we don’t have to listen to a bunch of crap of how exciting the draws were. the one plus side was anish giri. he had the best commentary of all the people analyzing.nike shox tlx 0018 for sale ebay cheap shoes | nike jordan brand apparel outlet coupon store pro green dj6152 – tiger nike vapor max plus women jeans size – sbd , 300 pale date
recommend: cheap jerseys | jerseys nfl cheap | cheapest jersey



posted in uncategorized | no comments »


















chess game day @ the dali museum



february 2nd, 2018 | author: grandolph



thursday march 29 – chess game day @ the dali museum was a huge success
partners: us chess federation, woman grandmaster jennifer shahade (wgm),
st. petersburg chess club and acor chess academy
 chess was played from 10 am till 4 pm while lecture on marcel duchamp  was given by jennifer in the theater. there was hula chess demonstrated and kids also hula hooped while playing chess. the uscf was represented by carol meyer, executive director.  several hundred people watched and played! at 6 pm we had three presenters, fm cory acor, wgm jennifer shahade and antony gospodinov give a 20 board simul.  gave out prizes, including a family yearly pass to the dali museum for each of the 20 boards. i had a great time!!buy duratrek waterproof sport hiker boots from the mysneakersshops online shop | lebron 12 cork ebay – 308 – bq6472 – air jordan 1 wmns mid dark teal green

recommend: cheap jerseys | jerseys nfl cheap | cheapest jersey



posted in uncategorized | no comments »


















we need your help!



august 3rd, 2017 | author: grandolph



this time of year the club has some large expenses . for example, club insurance,  a review of the last few months indicates that it may have slipped some folks minds to pay their dues.  you can look at your membership card and it will tell you what month you are due to pay. our bank account is critically low after insurance payment was increased by 25%.

please make your payment this week, so, in order to be able to gather and play the game we love we have to keep the club open independently.

thanks so much for your cooperation and your timely payment!!!

gene randolph
president
nike air jordan amarillas y negras  por 64 | 95€, oferta, tiffany dunk high bot | envío gratis | sbd – nike air and jordan jumpman graphic prints day of the dead dc0350 – 100 release date – air jordan 11 retro womens



posted in news | no comments »


















google maps



may 23rd, 2017 | author: grandolph



we are now in google maps. if you need to locate us, type in google maps, st. petersburg chess club, and it will point to the building and address of our chess club. we are now on the map!nike air jordan rojas negras por 64, 95€ | oferta | nike air force nylon pack red wine glasses walmart, envío gratis | nike womens pro hyperwarm tights black volt womens clothing



posted in uncategorized | no comments »


















remodeled bathroom



april 16th, 2017 | author: grandolph



our restroom was gutted and remodeled. new walls, sink, toilet and floor was the order of the day. some things were omitted due to cost, for example, urinal and tile for the walls. due to extreme termite damage in the walls (missing studs or partial studs) that have to be repaired to keep walls from crashing down. not really pleased with contractor as we have to finish the little things they did not complete. but we have a new and clean restroom! next, get the floor cleaned and waxed! want to help? call me.
gene randolph
presidentcollege women in nike tempos basketball – 103 – latest nike dunk low “grey fog” white/grey fog 2021 for sale dd1391 | brooks running v nike running boots shoes free , київ та україна , купити чоловічі демісезонні черевики nike — недорого в каталозі чоловічий одяг на шафі



posted in uncategorized | no comments »


















st. petersburg chess club



march 15th, 2016 | author: grandolph



welcome to the newest st. petersburg chess club website!
this is where you can keep up to date with upcoming tournaments, news and interest games presented to you by spcc.
memberships are $60.00 per year for adults, $30.00 for students per year or $5.00 per day.
first time visit is free!
each member that brings in a new member will get $10.00 off his/her next years dues!
click on the “tournaments” above for the latest information on upcoming events!
if the web site is down, please check back again soon!
 achète, vends ou échange les vêtements, chaussures et accessoires que tu ne portes plus ! | sbd – nike air force 1 40th anniversary dq7582 , 100 release date – buy cheap nike kd



posted in news | 7 comments »


















when to use a knee brace to get your dog moving again?



june 27th, 2015 | author: wpadmin



our best buddies and companions are our dogs. our relationship is strengthened and our dogs’ minds and bodies are stimulated when we go for walks, hikes, jogs, and runs with them. it makes sense that we would want to do all within our power to keep our puppies active for as long as possible when they begin to exhibit issues with their everyday behaviors.
more and more canines are benefited by lovepluspet’s assortment of dog knee braces. specifically, braces are becoming more and more common to help dogs stay active for longer periods of time. there are numerous support choices available for dogs of different sizes and shapes, whether they are knee braces for tiny dogs or leg braces for larger hounds.
what is a knee brace for a dog?
a canine knee brace is a type of medical aid that is typically made of fabric, velcro, metal braces, and other materials. its purpose is to support and stabilize dogs that have knee issues. this brace can aid with pain relief, joint support, and preserving correct alignment when moving. it can also provide a cozy healing atmosphere and aid in dogs’ mobility rehabilitation.
options for surgery for your dog
to choose the best course of action for any significant injury, it is advisable to speak with your veterinarian. to offer you the best chance of a long-term recovery in severe circumstances, your veterinarian could advise surgery. nevertheless, a dog’s senior age or health issues frequently make surgery an impractical option. currently, in order to replace the surgical procedure, several dog knee braces are required.
when is using a dog knee brace necessary?
leg braces are frequently used in reaction to a behavioral shift in dogs or a diagnosis made by a veterinarian. dogs are unable to express where they suffer or what is stressing them out, which is an issue. while physical activity may be the cause of some conditions, breed or an inclination to certain injuries may be the cause of others.
smaller breeds tend to have more proportionate weight and size, therefore leg and knee injuries are less likely. nonetheless, smaller breeds are more likely to experience patellar luxation (mpl or lpl). some indications that your dog might benefit from a leg brace are as follows:
lack of mobility or altered gait
severe discomfort or pain whether walking or moving around
throat pain in specific places when touched
losing one’s agility or coordination and dragging one foot
rise gradually from your resting position.
how do knee braces for dogs function?
for dogs with acl tears, a straightforward, non-invasive treatment option is a dog knee brace. ligaments support the canine stifle joint, which is similar to the human knee. the instability of the joint caused by torn or injured ligaments can cause discomfort, muscular atrophy, and lameness. the purpose of lovepluspet’s selection of dog knee braces is to immobilize the joint in order to enhance stability and facilitate joint healing. restricting knee flexion and extension promotes the healing of the tear by forming a callus from scar tissue.
dog hip braces
hip dysplasia harness for dogs
dog hip dysplasia brace
hip brace for dogs with hip dysplasia
leg braces for dogs with hip dysplasia
best dog knee brace for torn acl
dog knee brace
knee brace for dogs acl
dog knee brace for acl injury
dog knee brace for torn acl



posted in uncategorized | no comments »


















thank you!



october 2nd, 2014 | author: grandolph



we wish to thank the parents for bring their children down to the chess club on fridays.
from about 5:30 pm to around 8:30 pm the kids play chess and learn new ways to beat the adults! i just love it!
christmas party information will be finalized shortly, so watch for updates!!
come to the chess club to play real people, not online computers!
 nike flight 13 mid mens university red jeans black | nike air reversal size 12 shoes university blue dd1391 – 102 release date info , ietpshops – nike huarache 634835605 women blue shoes sandals



posted in uncategorized | no comments »


















« older entries















search for:



search















open tournament is in:
        
















quad tournament is in:
        
















extra tournament is in:
        
















chess sites
        







f.i.d.e.
florida chess association
tcec chessdom
uscf
wholesale chess










archives
        







july 2022
may 2022
november 2018
february 2018
august 2017
may 2017
april 2017
march 2016
june 2015
october 2014
november 2013
november 2012
april 2012
november 2011










categories
        







games

news

uncategorized












































 the week in chess







freestyle grand slam weissenhaus 2025 - games and results february 14, 2025praggnanandhaa wins the tata steel masters after hugely dramatic final round and then a tie-break match - 13 february 2, 2025praggnanandhaa and gukesh share the lead going into the final round of the tata steel masters - 12 february 1, 2025gukesh leads the tata steel masters on 8/11 half a point clear of praggnanandhaa and abdusattorov - 11 january 31, 2025








