corvel | workers' compensation and liability claims solutionsskip to main contentopen searchraising the bar for care.lowering risk for clients.risk management solutions that support quality care, reduce risk, and enable better outcomes.
get startedlearn moreour promiseempowering you to take care of your people and business.learn moreour servicescomprehensive risk management solutions for payors and employers.our team of experts create customized solutions that fit your business’s needs and help you reduce costs and maximize savings.
learn moreworkers’ compensationget employees back to health and business back on track with integrated claims management solutions.
liability managementresolve liability claims quickly with expert support from our experienced team who provides  cost-effective solutions.
disability managementget return to work programs that provide the right care for employees and help you manage employment leaves.
alternative risk solutionsmanage and lower risk with innovative solutions customized to fit your unique business needs.
our technologysolutions designed for impact and transparency.circleoptimizing patient care alongside claims management.integrated solutions streamline communication between stakeholders so that patients get the care they need quickly and return to work faster.
circleempowering you to make smarter decisions.our technology leverages ai and machine learning to identify trends and make data-driven recommendations to proactively overcome challenges.
circlereducing costs for more agile risk solutions.accurate reporting and data gives you full insight into your programs while also helping reduce costly errors and maximize your savings.
learn moreinsightsview all05.01.23generative ai is rapidly transforming the claims landscaperead more01.26.23ancillary care solutions: uncovering the key factors of a successful programread moreclaims management07.11.23why leveraging machine learning is the key to reducing claims riskread more06.20.23premier grocery companyread moremore case studiescase study02.10.23msigcase study08.12.22city of lakelandnews & pressview allpress releases09.10.24business insurance honors corvel with two awards in 2024read morepress releases05.01.23corvel announces first generative ai initiative to transform claims and case managementread moreready to get started?our team is ready to answer any questions and help you find the right solutions. 
 
category*categorysubject*subjectfirst name*last name*company*phoneemail*city*state*statemessage*please note that by providing your information it is being transferred to, stored or processed in the united states, where our data center and servers are located and operated. see our privacy policy and cookies policy.*submitthanks for reaching out!we’ll be in touch soon.in the meantime, check out our resources on risk management here.footer secondary navigationour servicesworkers' compensationliability managementdisability managementcompanyaboutcareersnews & pressinvestorssupportcontact usfind a providerfind a pharmacyca mpn lookupregulatory complianceour technologycaremc edgecogencyiqinsightscase studieswhite papers.compinsightsblogprovidersjoin our networkprovider portalprovider relationssocial media linkscorvel linkedincorvel twittercorvel facebookcorvel youtube© 2025 corvel corporation. all rights reserved.do not sell or share my personal informationlegal informationprivacy policyterms of usecode of ethicstrademarksaccessibilityhipaaurac