








boutique inn & tavern in middleburg, va - the red fox inn & tavern


















































 





















skip to content








middleburgthe propertygroupsphoto sessionsgift cards & merchfine art galleryour storylook bookpressnewslettercontactvalentine’s day 












 staydine & drinkweddingsretreatspartiesorder to gobook nowbook a roombook a tablebook an eventvalentine’s daystay with usdine & drinkorder food to gobook a roombook a tableweddings & partiesretreatscontactmoremiddleburgthe propertyproperty look bookgift cards & merchandiseour storyemploymentpressfine art gallery 














a historic inn & tavern in middleburg, va

valentine’s week
the tavern & night fox pub hours will be varied:
monday 2/17  the tavern & night fox pub are closed

valentine’s week
the tavern & night fox pub hours will be varied:
monday 2/17  the tavern & night fox pub are closed
valentine’s daydine & drinkbook a tablebook a roombook an eventa pillar of the beloved middleburg village, the red fox inn & tavern has been virginia’s hunt country jewel since 1728. standing proudly on the village’s main thoroughfare, the red fox is an extraordinary relic to bygone times, where modern touches and classic virginian character fuse seamlessly to create a coveted establishment.
brand overviewa pillar of the beloved middleburg village, the red fox inn & tavern has been virginia’s hunt country jewel since 1728. standing proudly on the village’s main thoroughfare, the red fox is an extraordinary relic to bygone times, where modern touches and classic virginian character fuse seamlessly to create a coveted establishment.
brand overviewtwenty-two inn rooms, suites & cottages in the heart of virginia’s hunt and wine country.
view accommodationsdistinguished dining experiences in our intimate tavern and lively night fox pub.
dine & drinkseasonal dining experiences in our intimate tavern and boisterous night fox pub.
dine & drinkelegant indoor and outdoor spaces for luxury weddings and corporate retreats.
weddings & retreatsexplore our propertysuites & cottagesfive unique buildings, each with their own individual charm.
view lodging optionsproperty overviewvideos, photo galleries and virtual tours that show off our lovely property.
view look bookour venuecustomizable indoor and outdoor event spaces to fit your vision.
view venue options×







happy presidents’ day from the red fox, a place 


 





any holiday that involves cozy dinners, bottles of






raise a glass to love, to family, and to friendshi






just when you think winter has passed, february wh
 





the historic charm of downtown middleburg, the int


 





a welcome reminder that spring is on its way 🌸 
 


 









 
 





 home stay with us book a table book a room book an event room reservations look book weddings parties retreats middleburg our story red fox fine art gift cards & merchandise employment contact press 

join our e-newsletter












 

 
 
 





		the red fox inn & tavern   |   historic property, modern hospitality   |   2 east washington street, middleburg, va 20117   |   540.687.6301   |   ©  middleburg hospitality 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

















































































































































 


go to top






