


spank directory: spanking links spanking directory








spank directory:spanking links








spanking toplists




























absolute spanking is a spanking themed thumbnail gallery post.  some link skimming (use of false link script) that takes you places you didn't ask for.  nice collection of free spanking picture galleries.









bad tushy is a brand new pay site with lots of high quality unique spanked "schoolgirl" content.  not much free although the tour does have a lot of big thumbs that leave nothing to the imagination.




beaten asses


beaten asses has about a dozen free galleries of brutal spanking pictures showing real punishment spankings and canings with welts and marks.




bethany's woodshed


bethany's woodshed is the internet's oldest and largest and best romantic spanking story paysite.  updated weekly with six brand new exclusive stories by the web's best authors.  lots of free stories also.  recommended!




blushing books


blushing books offers multiple file formats of spanking novels, novellas, and stories that can be read on your browser or on your ereader. 




bondage blog


bondage blog has a big variety of bondage pictures and stories and links.  not primarily focussed on spanking but has many bdsm items that include spanking and whipping.  a fun and kinky blog!









bum rap productions says "our mission is to produce high quality films that contain spanking and erotica as opposed to simply making spanking videos."  a spanking movies site that looks promising!




burning rubber blog


burning rubber is a fun blog by the manufacturer of scary-looking spaning paddles made from recycled tire rubber.









caged tushy is a paysite featuring the ever-popular girls in prison.  these delinquent lovelies are spanked and anally violated in every imaginable way by brutal lesbian prison guards.  rough but hot!









california star is a pay site allowing movie downloads from the extensive catalog of cal-star spanking movies.  nice trashy porn starlet spanking models getting spanked hard in sunny california.




caned girls


caned girls is a tiny free site featuring twenty five free pictures of school girls being brutally caned.  nice!









caning.info bills itself as the world's #1 girls and women caning portal.  free caning pictures and links.




carly's whipped ass


carly's whipped ass has a tiny caning story and two galleries of the same lovely black-haired spanking model getting paddled and caned by a fierce dominatrix.




cf publications online


cf publications sells downloadable spanking stories by the each.  they have been selling spanking stories since 1982 -- creating a huge archive of stories for the on-line store.  all spanking genres.




collar purple


the collar purple is a spiffy new spanking blog featuring original spanking art by invidia.  fun spanking links and commentary on her submissive d/s lifestyle.  recommended!









consumer's spanking video reviews does independent reviews of spanking videos and websites.









a creative spanked wife is an excellent blog featuring spanking stories and art by a well-spanked wife.  neat stories and downright nifty spanking art - recommended!









crimson moon is a chicago spanking social club for spanking play.  also sells videos and implements and such.









dominaction is a pay site featuring fetish and bondage erotica of all sorts.









dutch spanking site is a free site with a variety of resources including pictures and movies.  worth a visit.




enema digest


the enema digest sells electronic editions for immediate download of this well known but long out-of-print spanking and enema newsletter.









the encyclopedia of spanking art is a great (and completely free!) collection of hard-to-find vintage spanking illustrations and photographs.  recommended!




erotic spanking stories


erotic spanking stories features some very nice free spanking stories as well as a catalog of spanking oriented novels and short story collections available in both paperback and ebooks.









fantasy and fetish is a free site with 24 free galleries of high quality bondage and spanking pictures.  pretty models and nice photography exclusive to this site.  nifty!









far east media is a pay site producing movies that feature both spanking and hard core sex.  home of the infamous "spanked and ass fucked" movies.









femdom alphabet is a large minimalist linksite featuring free femdom and femdom spanking links.









fetish flixx is a pay site that has inexpensive downloads from a wide variety of spanking dvds.  recommended!




figging: anal discipline


figging is a compilation of links and articles on figging (anal ginger root play) and related sorts of anal punishment and discipline.









fondly and firmly: the gentlemanly art of spanking the woman you love is a huge site dedicated to domestic discipline of well loved wives.  very high quality site.









free femdom spankings galleries is a spanking tgp with a focus on spanked men.  lots of free galleries.  link targets are hidden with javascript so presumably some of the links are misleading.









free spanking resource is a list of free spanking sites and galleries.  a tgp with a few extra goodies.  nice collection of categorized spanking galleries.  hidden links so surf with care.









girls boarding school is an extemely high quality european pay spanking site with an enormous amount of original spanking material (photos and videos) not found anywhere else.  harsh spankings and severe canings of pretty girls.  a lot of free-but-small pictures in the free area.  highly recommended.









group spanking is a small spanking thumbnail gallery post with a nice collection of free spanking galleries.  has blind links like so many tgps do.









italian spanking art pages is a huge collection of free galleries of spanking art.  banner and popup free.  an especially good selection of vintage 1930s spanking illustrations.




japanese bamboo caning


japanese bamboo caning is a tiny free site with five free japanese drawings of a rope bondage slavegirl being punished with a bamboo cane.




journey to the dark side


journey to the dark side is a master/slave spanking blog featuring lots of pretty amateur spanking photos.  the blog also has a star wars theme.  fun blog and worth a visit.









the online pay website of one of the most famous of the old spanking magazines.  huge archives of vintage spanking pics.




kathleen's whipped ass


kathleen's whipped as is a gallery of free lesbian spanking and whipping photographs.  surfer friendly - no popups or banners!









kshara productions is a commercial bondage and corporal punishment site selling access to videos and photosets.  severe material and very visually stylish.  not many samples.









kurt stevens inc. is a site selling a huge variety of interesting vintage spanking books and magazines and movies.  some of the material is reprinted and some of it appears to consist of limited supplies of new old stock.  some excellent classic spanking goodies!




leather paddles


leather paddles contains a short list of links to sites for buying paddles and spanking implements.









loving domestic discipline is a blog about the use of physical discipline or corporal punishment in a loving relationship.  lots of interesting blog posts!









lupus spanking is the pay site for download of the famous (notorious) extreme spanking movies produced by lupus productions (formerly rigid-east).  lots and lots of extremely-well-spanked east european girls.  very convincing with vivid welts and real tears.  comes with spank directory's highest recommendation!




m c customs


m c customs is a manufacturer of leather tawses and straps.  their stuff looks very high quality indeed and they offer custom work.









men in pain is the hottest new femdom spanking and torture pay site.  hot guys enslaved and beaten by hotter demanding bitch babes!  recommended.









miss kate advertises that she runs a cp boarding school for errant boys and girls on spain's costa del sol.  what a holiday!









a mixed bag of spankings is a large free site with lots of free spanking galleries.  freehosted site so has off-topic banners.  looks like some of the galleries may have been harvested from usenet but if so it's been nicely done.









mood pictures sells several very severe-looking caning movies from eastern europe.  free decent-sized screen-cap pictures make it worth a visit.









northern spanking is a paysite featuring stories and original pictures from a spanking club (they think they are the only one) in scotland.  all the models are said to be real spankos and they have very real and genuine-sounding model profiles.  although the site is a paysite there are numerous free galleries with high quality spanking photos.  well worth a visit!




phantastique discipline


phantastique discipline is a paysite featuring spanking pictures and videos.  monthly updates and plenty of free samples.




phone spankers


phone spankers is a site advertising "phone sex sessions that involve giving or receiving a good old fashioned over the knee bare bottom spanking."









pink flamingo publications features quality spanking and bondage and erotic novels available in paperback and ebooks.




punishment spanking


punishment spanking is an excellent spanking paysite that features punishment spanking stories.  very severe & edgy erotic stories.









 real spankings is a quality spanking pay site featuring weekly updates of severe teen girl spankings.  some of the best use of a leather strap to be found on the web.  very harsh with real bruises and tears.  spank directory recommended!




school canes


school canes sells a wide variety of inexpensive and well-photographed canes. fun and unique merchandise!




sex and spanking party games


sex and spanking party games is just what it sounds like: a collection of rules for games like spanking poker and spin the bottle.  lots of spanking fun!









sex and submission is a paysite specializing in a mix of softcore bondage and sex.  includes naked sex spankings!  highly recommended.









six of the best is a small clean spanking tgp with lots of nice surfer-friendly free spanking galleries.




sound punishment


sound punishment is a paysite offering original english spanking and caning movies and pictures.  several free wallpaper-sized free samples!




spank slaves spanking tgp


spank slaves spanking tgp is a thumbnail gallery post with preview thumbs for spanking and bondage picture galleries.  high quality hand selected galleries.  no popups.  surfer friendly.  takes a little while to load but worth the wait.




spankaholics


spankaholics is a paysite advertising original spanking downloads and dvds with weekly updates.









spanking and caning is a large and attractive archive of free spanking galleries.  a huge selection of free spanking pictures and well worth your time!




spanking bethie


spanking bethie is a spanking blog full of bethie's spankings plus lots of links to spanking toys and sexie bdsm goodies of all kinds.  highly recommended!




spanking blog


spanking blog has daily links to erotic spanking stories and sites.  lots of cool spank stories and pictures.  recommended!




spanking castle


spanking castle sells romantic spanking novels and novellas.  no membership to buy - just pick what you want and get it immediately.




spanking den


spanking den is a relatively new spanking discussion forum.  it's 100% free and full of all kinds of friendly discussion of the spanking kink.  one of the best spanking discussion boards on the net!









spanking digest is one of the first and more comprehensive spanking paysites.  spanking stuff you won't find elsewhere and plenty of freebies.




spanking directory


the spanking directory is a spanking links directory like this one.  they were doing it way before we were and their directory is very good.  recommended.




spanking facts & research


spanking facts & research compiles facts about female celebrities who have admitted being spanked as punishment either at home and/or during their education.




spanking free


spanking free is a list of links to free spanking pictures and other free spanking resources.









spanking free galleries is a nice little spanking tgp with categorized spanking galleries.  uses javascript to hide link targets so expect some blind links to unexpected destinations.




spanking links


spanking links is a well-maintained directory of links to spanking resources.




spanking links


spanking links is an unsorted page of spanking links of all kinds.  pops a popup.









spanking models uk is a site for spanking models and spanking photographers to find each other.




spanking playhouse


spanking playhouse is a paysite that features age play spanking stories.  edgy but well done.









spanking porn free galleries is another nice small spanking tgp with good galleries.  javascript-blinded links so surf with care.




spanking scenes


spanking scenes is a schoolgirl spanking paysite.  features almost thirty free photo galleries so worth a visit.









spanking school is a paysite featuring spanking stories that have a school setting.









adult spanking sites directory is a nice-looking link site with many good links.









abel's spanking stories has a couple of dozen free spank stories.  nice clean free site except for the annoying geocities pop-over banners.









spanking story is another small spanking tgp with lots and lots of free spanking galleries.  you know the drill with these thumbnail gallery posts - javascript hides the link target and so sometimes you get a trip to somewhere unexpected.









spanking tgp is another quality thumbnail gallery post with a spanking focus.  lots of quality spanking galleries.  uses link-skimming software but it's set to a reasonable level so you can view the galleries you want.









all spanking videos is an online catalog with a large selection of spanking videos and dvds.









spankmaster general is an excellent british schoolgirl spanking and caning pay site.









emmasubgirl calls herself "the ultimate submissive" and she's "a genuine submissivve woman who just loves to be punished". pay site with a few sample video clips.









syren productions: your online femdom destiny.  a spiffy looking femdom spanking pay site.









taken in hand is a spanking blog with a domestic discipline focus and lots of quality essays on spanking relationships.




tantrum trainers


tantrum trainers is a pay site featuring miss kelly payne.  she's a "true believer in traditional style over-the-knee spanking for naughty men and women who can't behave."




the london tanners


the london tanners sell high quality leather spanking toys -- including hard to find items like french martinets.  they have a reputation for high quality merchandise.









the old russian woodshed is a paysite featuring severe punishment spanking videos from russia.  punishments are said to be real and feature amateurs in the lifestyle rather than paid models.




the spanking art wiki


the spanking art wiki is a specialized wiki featuring information on spanking art and entertainment of all sorts.  recommended resource!




the spanking story archive


the spanking story archive is a pay site featuring seven new spanking stories a week from the archives of cf publications -- the world's oldest spanking story company.




urtication: nettle spankings


urtication is a small resource site covering the use of nettles for sex and spanking/bdsm purposes.









vanessa bound is a site with several galleries of very large and high quality bondage and spanking/whipping photos.  vanessa gets whipped hard!  small free sample videos also.




west riding grammar school


the west riding grammar school offers realistic british schoolroom discipline and roleplay in an authentic setting.  looks nifty!









whipped ass is one of the best pay spanking sites on the net.  pretty models are tied up in strict bondage and whipped and spanked hard.  lots of real welts and tears.  mostly f/f but some m/f and f/m.  this site is amazing and the tour is popup free so you can check it out safely.  lots of free preview thumbs.  recommended.









a nice free site with wife spanking stories and free spanking pictures.  yummy!









world corporal punishment research archive is an amazingly huge free spanking resource site that focuses on real world spanking and caning news stories and history.  amazingly detailed site.









yorkshire spanking organizes spanking parties and 1-2-1 sessions in south yorkshire.  a few nice sample galleries of spanking pictures.





spanking toplists:







corporal punishments toplist.  clean and simple spanking toplist.









hard spanks.  clean and simple spanking toplist.









i spank topsites.  one of the largest and best spanking topsites.  fairly clean and very surfer friendly.  recommended!









master spank: the top 200 spanking sites.  ad-heavy spanking toplist with popups.









spanking list topsite.  fairly clean spanking toplist.









spanking online top 200.  another fairly clean spanking toplist.  one of the first and best.









spanking palace top 100.  ad-heavy toplist with a femdom (f/m spanking) focus.









spanking top 100.  fairly clean spanking toplist.  one of the originals.









spanking you spanking toplist.  clean spanking toplist.  recommended!









topspank.nu topsites.  fairly clean spanking toplist.









world spanking toplist.  clean and simple spanking toplist.



webmasters:add your spanking link
spanking & bdsm sponsors
















