












lewis & clark trail alliance - lcta











































 








skip to content








about us

about us
annual report
grants
awards
our people
open positions
our partners
our history
contact us


regions

regions
region and chapter archives


events

events on the l&c trail
upcoming lcta gatherings
maps of lewis & clark
photo contest
wellness challenge


publications

we proceeded on
the orderly report
region and chapter newletters
corps of discovery curriculum (2024)
american legacy curriculum (2001)


learning resources

library and archives
kid’s corner
expedition timeline
teacher resources
living history groups
great falls plant signs


native peoples

native peoples
beyond the bicentennial
tent of many voices
teacher resources


travel



















keepers of the story, stewards of the trail  smyour membership or donation supports the work we do!
membership
donations












lewis & clark trail alliance 



kansas city 2025
gateway to the west: rivers and trailsseptember 14–17, 2025



marriott hotel registration
meeting registration
meeting information





our travel website


lewis and clark trail experience
the lewis and clark trail links contemporary authentic communities and cultures—including tribes whose connections span thousands of years—to historic, vibrant and living landscapes. whether traveling the entire length of the trail or a short day trip, your travel experience can be greatly enhanced by the amazing tools on our travel website at lewisandclark.travel.
lcte travel magazine
lcte website




our educational website


discovering lewis and clark
the lewis and clark story ties together histories—her stories, american and native american history, famous people, natural history, military history, and more. be amazed as you explore the 2300+ pages of all thing lewis and clark on our educational website at lewis-clark.org.
learn!







our journal


we proceeded on
we proceeded on, is our quarterly journal. its name derives from a phrase that appears repeatedly in the collective journals of the expedition. all issues one year or older are online along with bonus content.
we proceeded online




lewis and clark events


events





land acknowledgement

we gratefully acknowledge native peoples who have lived on this land for millennia. their dedication to the land and their communities runs deep within the hearts of those past, present and future. this dedication encourages the lewis & clark trail alliance to continue developing, among diverse communities, an understanding of and appreciation for the commitment of native peoples to this nation and the significance of the lewis and clark expedition.


native peoples
beyond the bicentennial
tent of many voices





our lewis and clark travel app


explore the trail with our lewis and clark travel app for phones and mobile devices.
more




our 2024 curriculum guide




take your students on a journey with the corps of discovery
discover our new cross-curricular guide featuring 50+ enhanced activities for today’s elementary, middle, and high school students
ready-to-use curriculum

2024 curriculum guide
see our teacher resources page for more.










celebrating sixty years!

the lewis and clark national historic trail
starting in 1964, the lewis and clark trail commission worked to identify and mark the lewis and clark trail, advance public awareness of the significance of the expedition, and encourage conservation and outdoor recreation objectives along the expedition route. in 1969, the commission issued its final report with a number of far-reaching objectives, including the establishment of one or more groups “to further the broad program developed by the commission.” in that same year, individuals who had served on the commission and its state committees established  the lewis and clark trail heritage foundation (lewis & clark trail alliance) as the main group to succeed the commission.
the lewis and clark national historic trail was established by the united states congress in 1978 as part of the national trails system. the trail “winds nearly 4,900 miles through the homelands of more than 60 tribal nations. it follows the historic outbound and inbound routes of the lewis and clark expedition of 1803-1806 from pittsburgh, pennsylvania to the pacific ocean.” (lewis & clark nht, national park service).

about us
trail stewardship grants
our partners
travel the lewis and clark trail




photo contestdecision point encampmentby lee ebeling, 2022 winner, historic lewis and clark sites category.


view all photos

the 2024 winning photos are featured in our 2025 calendar—$20 each including shipping. order here or call 406-454-1234.
the photo contest closes each year on may 1!

photo contest rules
online entry form





more

regions and chapters
foundation members are also members of at least one region. each region sponsors its own events and newsletters and some regions have their own chapters.
regions
william p. sherman library and archives
the sherman library includes more than 3,000 rare and modern books, pamphlets, journals and ephemera. the archive contains the papers of the lewis & clark trail alliance, research materials gathered by scholars, and genealogical information on each of the corps of discovery members. view our online catalogs.
library
grant programs
we administer a variety of grant programs that help organizations promote or protect the lewis and clark trail.
grants
wellness challenge
we encourage foundation members to improve their health. the ohio river chapter sponsors the annual wellness challenge from september 1 to june 30.
wellness
















sign up for the lewis & clark trail experience newsletter
our bi-weekly newsletter provides news, history, and information for those interested in traveling along along the lewis & clark trail.
first name last name email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe tolewis and clark trail experience news example: yes, i would like to receive emails from lcta. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive the lewis and clark travel experience newsletter provided by the lewis & clark trail alliance. you can revoke your consent at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact. 




site map  | 
contact us  | 
about  | 
privacy policy

lewis & clark trail alliance
            p.o. box 3434 • great falls • mt • 59403 • 888.701.3434 • 406.454.1234
info@lewisandclark.org







              © 2025 lewis and clark trail heritage foundation dba lewis & clark trail alliance, a non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation webmaster@lewisandclark.org





 













