



housing finance | national homebuyers fund, inc. | nhf





























national homebuyers fund, inc.® (nhf)


programs
reservation system
news
about us
contact us







national homebuyers fund, inc.
innovative, flexible and fiscally responsible solutions to housing affordability

about us
programs






bridging the gap to homeownership
welcome to national homebuyers fund, inc. (nhf) where we promote, finance and support affordable housing across the country. our focus is two-fold, helping mortgage professionals succeed while assisting homebuyers to achieve the dream of homeownership. nhf provides access to responsible lending programs, down payment assistance and other financial assistance housing-related programs.
over the past 23 years, nhf has helped more than 57,900 individuals or families purchase a home and provided over $517.1 million in down payment assistance.






nhf







down payment assistance
coming up with the down payment and closing costs associated with a home purchase is one of the biggest challenges for many potential homebuyers. we are here to help with loan financing that combines a variety of mortgage loans with down payment and closing cost assistance options.

learn more








success stories
don't just take our word for it... here from real individuals and families that have purchased a home with the down payment assistance from nhf. here their motivations, challenges and what they say of the homebuying experience.

learn more







upcoming meeting(s) - february 19, 2025 — board of directors meeting




back to top










follow us
stay connected with us on social media and use our online business network as an additional way to reach out. keep up with the latest news, updates, and advocacy efforts from nhf as we work to support affordable housing across the country. we would be glad to count you as one of our followers.

facebook
linkedin




contact us

national homebuyers fund, inc.
1215 k street, suite 1650, sacramento, ca 95814
toll-free (866) 643-4968  |  local (916) 444-2615
email 




copyright © 2025  |   national homebuyers fund®, inc.  all rights reserved.   |   privacy statement




