





roboform password manager | best password manager for 2025















































personal

business

plans
security
download
support
log in
buy now







special offer! 33% off new roboform subscriptions. offer ends february 28. buy now









next generation  password manager
leading the way in password management technology, security, and innovation


try business
no credit card required

try premium



























simplify your online experience
stay secure and save time with our seamless password manager and form filling solution



































generate and save passwords
create strong and unique passwords for each site. roboform captures them automatically.









one click logins and form filling
no more typing. roboform quickly logs you in to websites and fills online forms with a single click.









scan for compromised passwords
roboform informs you when one of your passwords has appeared in a documented breach.









secure sharing
securely share passwords with trusted contacts without the risk of exposing sensitive data.
































security
roboform authenticator
add verification codes to roboform authenticator via qr scan, adding a key, or import from other authenticator apps. accessible on all roboform devices, six-digit codes can be auto-filled into log in forms with a single click.












new feature
passkey support
passkeys are a new way to securely log in to websites without using passwords. with roboform, you can now save and use passkeys across all your devices.








an option for everyone
unlock unparalleled value with every license option




free
unlimited passwords on a single device
$0

 

get free


access on 1 device
best-in-class 1 click login
best-in-class form filling
password generator
built-in totp authenticator
compromised password scan
secure cloud backup





popular
premium
premium features, unlimited devices
$1.66
                    
/mo
                      
billed annually



$2.49
special offer 33% off

billed annually

buy premium


everything in free
access on all devices
web access
secure shared folders
emergency access
local only mode
priority 24/7 support





family
5 premium accounts for you and your family
$2.66
                    
/mo 
                      
billed annually



$3.98
special offer 33% off

billed annually

buy family


5 premium accounts
unified billing
access on all devices
web access
secure shared folders
emergency access
local only mode
priority 24/7 support








business
one paid plan, all features—no sneaky upgrades

see pricing





password vault for each employee
centralized management via admin center
secure password sharing
single sign-on (sso) integration
scim provisioning
custom security policies
role-based access control




dedicated account manager
granular sharing controls
dark web monitoring and alerts
detailed activity logs
comprehensive reports and audit
priority 24/7 support
help center with onboarding and troubleshooting tutorials












real user ratings and reviews
take a look at what our customers have to say





apple appstore

4.7 rating
41k reviews







google play

4.6 rating
29.1k reviews







chrome store

4.5 rating
3.2k reviews







edge store

4.7 rating
619 reviews









frequently asked questions







                  what is a password manager?
                




                a password manager is an application that securely stores and manages the passwords for your online accounts. it creates a secure vault where passwords are encrypted and accessible only to you. the tool typically includes a password generator for creating strong, unique passwords, and offers features like auto-filling login credentials on websites and applications. advanced versions include additional security measures like two-factor authentication, dark web monitoring, and the ability to securely share passwords with trusted contacts. a password manager ensures that you maintain strong, varied passwords for all your accounts while needing to remember only one master password.
              







                  is roboform secure?
                




                absolutely. only you can access your data. your passwords are encrypted with your own secret key—the roboform master password which you create. we use aes256 bit encryption with pbkdf2 sha256. our system architecture is zero-knowledge. this means that all encryption/decryption happens on your local device and ensures that your master password is never transmitted to our server.
                
find out more about roboform security.
              







                  why is it better to use a password manager and not my browser (chrome, keychain, etc)?
                




                roboform differentiates itself from standard browser-based password managers by offering comprehensive features. it is compatible across various devices and browsers, including incognito/private modes. users can enjoy one-click logins to multiple accounts and robust password monitoring for weak, duplicate, or compromised passwords. roboform facilitates secure password sharing with friends and family, and provides emergency access for trusted contacts. additionally, roboform includes a built-in totp authenticator app, can log into windows applications, and is capable of saving and filling any online form, enhancing both security and convenience.
              







                  can roboform see my passwords?
                




                no. roboform is designed on a zero-knowledge infrastructure where the master password, known only to you, encrypts the data. this encryption process occurs exclusively on your device, not on roboform's servers. as a result, roboform does not have access to the master password or the ability to access your encrypted data, ensuring a high level of privacy and security.
              







                  is roboform easy to set up and use?
                




                absolutely. roboform demonstrates that convenience and security can go hand-in-hand. by automating the password management and login processes, it not only simplifies the user experience but also enhances security. unlike traditional, less secure methods, roboform ensures that each login is both swift and protected by strong, unique passwords. in addition, setting up roboform takes just minutes. 
              







                  can i import my existing passwords into roboform?
                




                you certainly can! we offer the ability to import from every browser and major password manager, or from a csv.
              












personal
premium
family
form filler 
random password generator
random passphrase generator
how secure is my password?
security
pricing




business
business features
security
pricing
benefits
support




compare
lastpass
dashlane
1password




support
support
help center
log in
user manual
tutorials


promo
referral program
affiliates
resellers
educational discount
military discount




company
about us
press
blog
reviews
office locations
license agreement
privacy policy
file sync






find us on



















language







              english
            



english
deutsch
español-419
français
italiano
日本語
nederlands
svenska
polski
русский
中文（简体）
繁體中文
portuguese-br











        copyright © 1999 - 2025 siber systems, inc. all rights reserved.3701 pender dr, suite 400, fairfax, va 22030
      











our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. review our privacy policy.
got it




next stop: the chrome extension store



step 1:
add roboform extension





step 2:
sign up or log in





step 3:
pin roboform extension






        not redirected: click here to be redirected to the extension store






pin or enable your roboform extension.


pin the extension


or

enable







      not redirected: click here to be redirected to the extension store












