




civil and environmental engineering


















































skip to content


civil and environmental engineering



menu







education
about
research
people
news
alumni
partnerships
events




search





search


search


























engineering resilience
building sustainable and innovative solutions for a better world





explore our undergraduate programs





discover our graduate programs





learn about our research areas





read the latest cee news































a top-ranked department





undergraduate environmental engineering program: #11
u.s. news & world report, 2025





graduate environmental engineering program: #8
u.s. news & world report, 2024





undergraduate civil engineering program: #11
u.s. news & world report, 2025





graduate civil engineering program: #12
u.s. news & world report, 2024







cee programs





bachelor of science
    							







master of science
    							







doctor of philosophy
    							








                 
                 research  







climate-resilient environmental systems and technologies (crest)

researchers in cee's climate-resilient environmental systems and technologies focus area are modeling complex interactions between the natural and built environments.










sustainable energy and transportation systems (sets)

researchers in cee's sustainable energy and transportation systems focus area are crafting equitable solutions for energy and transportation infrastructures.










mechanics, chemistry, and materials (mcm)

researchers in cee's mechanics, chemistry, and materials focus area are addressing pressing societal needs related to climate change, food and water scarcity, and sustainable urban systems.










intelligent engineered systems and society (iess)

researchers in cee's intelligent engineered systems and society focus area are addressing pressing global issues such as climate change and urbanization through intelligent and autonomous infrastructure systems.











news






feb 05







forecasting glacial floods to protect communities  
            	                 			    

climate change has exacerbated glacier outburst floods, posing a growing threat to nearby communities like juneau, alaska. researchers are developing robust models to better understand and predict glacial flooding and how it will evolve in the future. 
    					          				    












jan 27







mind the gap: testing the ev charging network 
            	                 			         opens in new window



researchers develop a metric to measure the gaps in ev charging coverage across the country, revealing the significant work that lies ahead in deploying charging infrastructure.
    					          				    











jan 16







how smart loading zones can improve traffic 
            	                 			    

researchers from carnegie mellon university are looking to use “smart loading zones,” designated loading and unloading spaces, to optimize city curb space usage and reduce traffic congestion.
    					          				    








more news from     		civil and environmental engineering					


 
 
 




hiring tenure-track faculty


            			    		            the department of civil and environemntal engineering welcomes applications for a faculty position specializing in decarbonization of the built environment and/or adaptation to climate change.	
            		

























upcoming events
			    			    							        





partnership opportunities
			    			    							        





alumni: stay connected
			    			    							        
















civil and environmental engineeringcarnegie mellon university119 porter hall 5000 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213412.268.2940



x: @cmu_ceelinkedin: civil & environmental engineering at carnegie mellon universityinstagram: @cmu_ceefacebook: @carnegiemellonuniversityceeyoutube: civil and environmental engineering video playlist
college of engineering
sitemap






2020 carnegie mellon university / legal
2025 carnegie mellon university / legal









