

















university of wisconsin school of veterinary medicine








































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









school of veterinary medicine

advancing animal and human health with science and compassion





 uw veterinary care




menu
open menu


close





education
research
departments
people
giving
about
 



news & events
alumni
myuw
svm only
 





search







construction and detour update: find the latest parking and detour information related to ongoing construction around the school of veterinary medicine. be sure to check for updates before your visit.








 


latest news


jonathan levine ‘thrilled and honored’ to assume role as dean of uw school of veterinary medicinelong-standing partnership with the international crane foundation brings conservation medicine experience to uw school of veterinary medicine studentscommunity, service and unbreakable bonds: k9 law enforcement dogs protect wisconsin citizens and officers“you saved dad, and we have to save you.” these chilling words were captured by the body camera of deputy blaine evans, fond du lac county sheriff’s office, just moments after his k9 partner iro, …two honored with uw school of veterinary medicine 2024 alumni awardsthe university of wisconsin–madison school of veterinary medicine (svm) alumni association has recognized two graduates with 2024 alumni awards for achievements in advancing the veterinary medical profession, animal and human health, and humanity. the uw …


  news

 events
 
 
 
 


training future veterinarians & biomedical researchers






 



doctor of veterinary medicine (dvm)

the school offers a four-year professional program leading to the doctor of veterinary medicine (dvm) degree, which offers graduates career opportunities within private practice, academics, research, industry, government services, and more.

 





 



ms/phd graduate program

the uw school of veterinary medicine’s comparative biomedical sciences graduate program provides a path to an m.s. or ph.d. degree through exceptional graduate research training in core areas of animal and human health. 

 
 
 
 








$2.5m								

2.5 mstudent aid awarded in 2022-23						





$38.4m								

38.4 mtotal research and extramural awards (2022-23)						





28.9k								

28.9 ktotal patient visits seen at the uw veterinary care teaching hospital (2022-23)						


 
 
 
 




diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation.
one of the school of veterinary medicine’s fundamental principles is to foster a welcoming and inclusive community that is infused with high ethical standards, professionalism, and compassion. we value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. we commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals.
vet med diversity, equity & inclusion resources     creating community on campus

 
 
 
 


saving lives & serving wisconsin




in our endeavors to improve both animal and human lives, our discoveries have advanced cancer treatments; created new ways to fight the flu; and we’re a world leader when it comes to figuring out what keeps cows healthy and happy.

 





 



did you know?
the school of veterinary medicine has trained more than 50% of the veterinarians practicing in the state of wisconsin.

                  learn more                



compassionate care
with more than 20 specialties, our uw veterinary care teaching hospital delivers expert treatments to animals across the state.

                  learn more                



community engagement
the school serves animals -- from household pets to dairy herds -- through its outreach programs and service centers. 

                  learn more                



did you know?
scientists at the school of veterinary medicine conduct 75% of the infectious disease research at uw-madison.

                  learn more                


 






 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website












































 


school of veterinary medicine
prospective students
alumni information
news & events
jobs
brand resources
 uw veterinary care



contact us2015 linden drive, madison, wi 53706
 map
map marker



facebook


x twitter


youtube


instagram


linkedin



help us grow








  © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.   |   privacy notice 















