


rohrer, bob rohrer - usmc - marine corps































contact me
my wwii studies& analysis
play marine hymn
together we served
seal teams
links
friends
"stories"
"jouster tales"
my life
my career
parris island
itr/camp geiger
okinawa i/3/3; h/2/3
korea/sea turtle
camp pendleton g/2/5
papers
personalities& penchants
our wedding
my father
nietzsche
my thoughts
bermuda run, nc





hi! i'm bob rohrer
sharing stuff was once cumbersome. even a meeting to look at scrapbooks, or exchanging a few photos in the mail, missed the full picture, which was always difficult to convey. now with the internet we have instant worldwide communication and a whole new dimension for sharing information.
i was born in 1939, and grew up in new jersey back in the 1940's and 1950's. i later returned to nj after the usmc. then my business career took me to ca, wi, tn, tx and nc, where i ultimately retired twenty-two years ago.
i was always interested in communicating with those i had served with in the usmc, and friends i had worked with in the aviation and motorcycle industries. i cannot replace usmc friends, or those with whom i flew airplanes, and raced and rode motorcycles. but the most value of this site has turned out to be all the new usmc, army, navy, air force and coast guard friends i have made.
so this is my story in pictures, military memories, business experience, personal papers, personalities that most influenced my life, my personal penchants, some important friends, love for my wife jonnie and our family, and memories of my father.
i have also included some thoughts from a book i had been working on for years. it would not present a full picture, had i left out all the research that was such a large part of my life. finishing that effort has now been delayed as i continue to study and write what will hopefully be another book.
my wwii part 1 communism and the legacy for today! is posted on this site. wwii part 2 the pacific war! has become a much larger project. my research is complete, and writing is in process. what i additionally learned goes far beyond what i already knew and is providing an additional picture as to how america got where we are now!
anyway, with many visitors a month, this site has become a successful communications vehicle for making new friends and sharing memories. thank you for visiting!
sincerely,



robert l. rohrer
						usmc 1551264
						1956 - 1962






© 2016 bob rohrer - all rights reserved.





