



















upcoming new release
comprehensive study
  of the law 
concering the threat
  and use of nuclear weapons
by fordham law professor
  charles j.  moxley, jr.
march 2024
 








 home
 critical commentary

 second edition
 first edition


 publications








 
nuclear
  weapons and international law: existential risks of nuclear war and
  deterrence through a legal lens
 




by
charles j. moxley, jr.
with
  forewords by
william
  j. perry
  john d. feerick
  claire finkelstein
 




 
 
nuclear
  weapons and international law in the post cold war world (austin
  & winfield, university press of america, 2000) by charles j. moxley, jr.,
  with forewords by robert s. mcnamara, david w. leebron, and kosta tsipis,
  analyzed the rules of international law applicable to the threat and use of
  nuclear weapons.
the
  second edition––nuclear weapons
  and international law: existential risks of nuclear war and deterrence
  through a legal lens––will be released on march 2024, with
  forewords by william j. perry, john d. feerick, and claire finkelstein.
the
  second edition provides a comprehensive analysis of legal issues raised by
  the potential use of nuclear weapons, based on existing international law,
  established facts as to nuclear weapons and their effects, and nuclear
  weapons policies and plans of the united states. based on detailed analysis
  of the facts and law, professor moxley shows that the united states’
  arguments that uses of nuclear weapons, including low-yield nuclear weapons,
  could be lawful do not withstand analysis.
the book is scheduled for publication on march 2024 by rowman
  & littlefield—hamilton books and is:  available here 
 
moxley
  opens by examining established rules of international law governing the use
  of nuclear weapons, first analyzing this body of law based on the united
  states’ own statements of the matter and then extending the analysis to
  include requirements of international law that the united states overlooks in
  its assessment of the lawfulness of potential nuclear weapons uses. he then
  develops in detail known facts as to nuclear weapons and their consequences
  and u.s. policies and plans concerning such matters. he describes the risks
  of deterrence and the existential nature of the effects of nuclear war on
  human life and civilization.
he
  proceeds to pull it all together, applying the law to the facts and
  demonstrating that known nuclear weapons effects cannot comply with such
  legal requirements as those of distinction, proportionality, necessity,
  precaution, the corollary requirement of controllability, and the law of
  reprisal. moxley shows that, when the united states goes to apply
  international law to potential nuclear weapons uses, it distorts the law as
  it has itself articulated it, overlooks law in such areas as causation, risk analysis, mens rea, and per se rules,
  and disregards known risks as to nuclear weapons effects, including
  radioactive fallout, nuclear winter, electromagnetic pulses, and potential
  escalation. he then shows that the policy of deterrence is unlawful because
  the use of such weapons would be unlawful.
moxley
  urges that the united states and other nuclear weapons states take heed of
  the requirements of international law as to nuclear weapons threat and use.
  he argues that law can be a positive force in society’s addressing
  existential risks posed by nuclear weapons and the policy of nuclear
  deterrence.
 




about
  the author
 




charles
  j. moxley, jr. teaches nuclear weapons law at fordham law school and has
  written about international law restraints on the threat and use of nuclear
  weapons for over twenty years, starting with his 2000 book, nuclear weapons and international law in the
  post cold war world, now about to be released in a second edition
  titled nuclear weapons and international law: existential risks of
  nuclear war and deterrence through a legal lens.
moxley
  is the co-author of the 2011 article, nuclear
  weapons and compliance with international humanitarian law and
  the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, in the fordham
  international law journal. he was faculty lead for the 2020
  conference, nuclear
  weapons and international law, the proceedings of which were published by
  the fordham international law journal. moxley is faculty
  lead of the 2023 conference, nuclear weapons
  and international law, the renewed imperative in light of the russian
  invasion of ukraine, the proceedings of which will be published by
  the georgetown journal of international law.
moxley
  received his law degree from columbia law school, where he concentrated in
  international law and was managing editor of the columbia journal of
  transnational law. he received an m.a. in russian area studies and a b.a. in
  political science from fordham university.
following
  his graduation from law school, moxley served as law clerk for a united
  states district judge in the southern district of new york and started his
  practice with the international law firm, davis polk & wardwell,
  following which he was affiliated with several boutique litigation firms
  before starting his own firm, moxleyadr llc, specializing in arbitration and
  mediation. he also serves as distinguished adr practitioner in residence at
  benjamin n. cardozo school of law.
a
  long-time litigator and arbitrator, moxley’s approach to addressing issues as
  to the lawfulness of nuclear weapons threat and use is to subject such issues
  to the same depth of legal and factual analysis as lawyers, judges, and
  arbitrators apply to complex securities and commercial disputes in federal
  and other courts and arbitrations throughout the country. moxley’s thesis,
  comprehensively developed in his upcoming book, nuclear weapons and
  international law: existential risks of nuclear war and deterrence through a
  legal lens, is that the threat and use of nuclear weapons cannot pass
  scrutiny under the applicable rules of international law, as articulated by the united
  states, and under broader requirements of international law not
  recognized or focused on by the united states.
 




communications
 




for
  questions, comments, or inquires, contact prof. moxley at:
charles.moxley@moxleyadr.org.
nuclear weapons and international
  law
 




 




 











 



