








































time and frequency division | nist








      skip to main content
    










an official website of the united states government
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock (  

lock
a locked padlock

) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            










https://www.nist.gov/pml/time-and-frequency-division














search nist






menu





close


publications


what we do




all topics


advanced communications


artificial intelligence


bioscience


buildings and construction


chemistry


cybersecurity


electronics


energy



environment


fire


forensic science


health


information technology


infrastructure


manufacturing


materials


mathematics and statistics



metrology


nanotechnology


neutron research


performance excellence


physics


public safety


quantum information science


resilience


standards


transportation







labs & major programs




assoc director of laboratory programs


laboratories


communications technology laboratory


engineering laboratory


information technology laboratory


material measurement laboratory


physical measurement laboratory





user facilities


nist center for neutron research


cnst nanofab




research test beds


research projects


tools & instruments



major programs


baldrige performance excellence program


chips for america initiative


manufacturing extension partnership (mep)


office of advanced manufacturing


special programs office


technology partnerships office









services & resources




standards and measurements


calibration services


laboratory accreditation (nvlap)


quality system


standard reference materials (srms)


standard reference instruments (sris)


standards.gov


time services


office of weights and measures





software


data


chemistry webbook


national vulnerability database


physical reference data


standard reference data (srd)




storefront


license & patents



computer security resource center (csrc)


nist research library







news & events




news


events


blogs


feature stories


awards



video gallery


image gallery


media contacts







about nist




about us


leadership


organization structure


budget & planning




contact us


visit


careers


student programs





work with nist


history


nist digital archives


nist museum


nist and the nobel




educational resources



















physical measurement laboratory





time and frequency division



the time and frequency division maintains the standard for frequency and time interval for the united states, provides official time to the united states, and carries out a broad program of research and service activities in time and frequency metrology.















laboratory homepage


division homepage


official united states time


groups
expand or collapse


atomic devices and instrumentation


ion storage


neutral atom optical clocks


phase noise metrology


precision photonic synthesis


quantum & nonlinear nanophotonics


time realization and distribution




publications


staff directory


time distribution
expand or collapse


automated computer time service (acts)


gps data archive


gps time transfer


internet time service (its)


radio station wwv


radio station wwvb


radio station wwvh


remote frequency calibrations (fmas)


remote time calibrations (tmas)


telephone time-of-day (ttds)


two-way satellite time and frequency transfer (twstft)




time realization
expand or collapse


leap seconds


cesium fountain atomic clocks


time scale data and bulletin archive


utc(nist) time scale









groups



atomic devices and instrumentation group
ion storage group
neutral atom optical clocks group
phase noise metrology group
precision photonic synthesis group
quantum & nonlinear nanophotonics group
time realization and distribution group

























photonics and chip scale devices

















time and frequency metrology and distribution

















quantum information, sensing, and networking







featured contentdefinitions of si base unitscalibration services in the time and frequency divisionkeeping time at nist - blog posthelp with radio controlled clockstelephone timefrequently asked questions (faq)time & frequencydivision historytime and frequency from a to za walk through time



 news and updates





 





spotlight: alejandra collopy and atomic clocks


january 13, 2025




  nist researcher alejandra collopy is working to add another piece of timely feedback to help our ensemble of clocks perform at their best 24/7.









 





3 nist researchers receive presidential rank awards


december 5, 2024




  all three were awarded the “distinguished rank,” the highest category of presidential rank awards.









 





what time is it on the moon?


august 12, 2024




  new lunar time proposal is a first step for moon gps.









 





with some bumps, nist scientists devise a novel way to extend the wavelength range of microcombs


june 5, 2024




  microcombs – chip-scale devices that generate and measure frequencies of light with exquisite accuracy – have transformed timekeeping and boosted optical







view all news and updates








 projects and programs





 





bringing the si to global atmospheric greenhouse gas measurement


ongoing



  this multifaceted program leverages expertise in three complementary technical focus areas- all of which involve si-traceable measurements of relevant atmospheric species such as carbon dioxide, methane, water vapor and oxygen. the efforts include gravimetrically based preparation of primary









 





chip-scale ultraprecise laser technologies


ongoing



  lasers with high spectral purity are used in a diverse application space, including coherent high-speed communications, physical sensing, and manipulation of quantum systems. lab bench scale fabry-perot cavities based on sophisticated vibration, thermal, and atmospheric isolation have made possible









 





compact cold atom instruments


ongoing



  chip-scale laser cooling this project develops technologies to achieve chip-scale laser cooling, beyond direct miniaturization of existing laboratory techniques. this includes development of the vacuum technology for realizing low power, passively pumped ultra-high vacuum chambers [1,2] and novel









 





compact strontium optical clock with integrated photonics


ongoing



  the development of a liter-scale apparatus to produce sr, would enable highly accurate, transportable optical clocks based on their ultra-narrow optical transition. however, straightforward miniaturization of the traditional optical infrastructure necessary to implement multi-step laser cooling has







view all projects/programs








 awards






2024 - bronze medal award---daniel slichter, varun verma, dietrich leibfried, richard mirin



for the realization of the first single-photon detector integrated with an ion trap for the high-fidelity state readout of a trapped-ion quantum bit.








2024 - colleagues' choice award---susan schima



for excellence in the essential microfabrication work that has enabled multiple generations of chip-scale clocks and quantum sensors. 








2024 - samuel wesley stratton award---scott papp



for pioneering research in the development and applications of microresonator frequency combs and nonlinear nanophotonic systems.








2024 - arthur s. flemming award---jeffrey sherman



recognized for technical and managerial leadership of the atomic clock ensemble that serves as the nation's source of official time. 





view all awards








 press coverage





 





spotlight: tara fortier, project leader at nist


photonics


february 12, 2025




  the photonics industry is booming. technological advancements and increasing demand are driving this growth. but in america, the workforce needed to drive this









 





scientists want to send clocks to the moon for a mind-bending reason


giant freakin robot


october 15, 2024




  scientists are grappling with how to tell time on the moon, given that time passes slightly more quickly there than on earth. the renewed race to occupy the









 





moon time is a thing now—here’s why it matters


big think


october 3, 2024




  on the moon, there is no normal. there is no wind, no rain, no erosion. nothing flies overhead, and nothing green strains toward the sky. there are no daily









 





nasa is going to give the moon a time zone


vice


september 30, 2024




  nasa is developing coordinated lunar time (clt), a specialized time standard for future moon colonization effort.









 





moon gps is coming


wired


september 4, 2024




  “you have arrived at your destination.” this phrase, delivered with robotic cadence, is familiar to anyone who uses satellite navigation systems to guide them









 





moon time is a thing now—here’s why it matters


atlas obscura


august 28, 2024




  on the moon, there is no normal. there is no wind, no rain, no erosion. nothing flies overhead, and nothing green strains toward the sky. there are no daily









 





what time is it on the moon?


eenews


august 26, 2024




  the lunar coordinate time system could serve as a foundation for developing a gps-like navigation system on the moon. this would be a critical piece of













 patents






laser ultrastable photonics with integrated nonlinearity for extended stability



nist inventors
  
scott papp





  optical photonic integrated optical clocks on photonic integrated circuits are described. the optical clocks can provide the timing stability of atomic clocks at ultra-low size and power. the optical clocks are be fabricated using cmos foundry fabrication processes.










continuous-wave laser source and making a continuous-wave laser source



nist inventors
  
scott papp





  a method of designing a continuous-wave laser source having a target output wavelength and an input laser with a wavelength different from the target output wavelength includes the steps of receiving the target output wavelength, and subordinate properties of the laser source; determining a










mapping probe for real-time signal sampling and recovery from engineered electromagnetic interference



nist inventors
  
fabio c.s. da silva





  a mapping probe provides real-time signal sampling and recovery from engineered electromagnetic interference and includes: a trigger voltage source that synchronizes transmission of primary electromagnetic waves; primary electromagnetic wave synthesizers that receive a trigger voltage signal and










delivering signals to cryogenic environments via photonic links



nist inventors
  
franklyn quinlan

, 
scott diddams

, 
joe aumentado

, 
florent lecocq

 and 
john teufel





  an operational environment is disclosed herein that includes a cryogenic environment and a signal source. the cryogenic environment includes a signal target, an optical link, signal converter devices, and an electrical link. outside of the cryogenic environment, the signal source generates an







view all patents


















nobel prize





2012 nobel prize in physics to dave wineland of nist time and frequency division
dave wineland, of the ion storage group, shares the 2012 nobel prize in physics with serge haroche of france "for ground-breaking experimental methods that enable measuring and manipulation of individual quantum systems." dave and his colleagues use these techniques for research in quantum information processing, quantum simulation, atomic clocks, and other areas.
more information about the ion storage group can be found here.
for more information about the 2012 nobel prize in physics, please see the nobel prize organization site.










selected publications





an atomic clock with 10-18 instabilityquantum spin dynamics and entanglement generation with hundreds of trapped ionswwvb radio controlled clocks: recommended practices for manufacturers and consumers (2009 edition)complete methods set for scalable ion trap quantum information processinga spin-1/2 optical lattice clocknist on a chip: realizing si units with microfabricated alkali vapour cells







contacts

division chief


elizabeth donley

elizabeth.donley@nist.gov


    (303) 497-5173
  




division secretary


brandy wallace

brandy.wallace@nist.gov





















headquarters

              100 bureau drive
              gaithersburg, md 20899
301-975-2000


webmaster | contact us | our other offices






x.com


facebook


linkedin


instagram


youtube


giphy


rss feed


mailing list



            how are we doing? feedback








site privacy


accessibility


privacy program


copyrights


vulnerability disclosure


no fear act policy


foia


environmental policy


scientific integrity


information quality standards


commerce.gov


science.gov


usa.gov


vote.gov














