ï»¿resorts in chicago il - eaglewood resort & spa chicagoskip to content  roomsoffersdiningentertainmentamenitiesspagolfgift cardsmeetingsrequest informationweddingsrequest informationgallerybook now×make a reservationhave a question? 630.773.1400check in ) check out  rooms  adults  children  book now toggle navigation       welcome to eaglewood resortread below for more infobook yourself a one-of-a-kind getaway at our chicagoland resort. with excellent options for families, golfers or those seeking a relaxing spa weekend, plus a variety of dining outlets, meeting spaces, and award-winning wedding venues — there is something for everyone at eaglewood.  learn more  explore exciting options throughout the seasonswith comfortable accommodations, delicious dining, and a variety of recreational opportunities including spa, golf, bowling, and more, eaglewood resort is the perfect place to create endless fun and make unforgettable memories.accommodations  amenities  the golf sceneitasca golf resortmake sure to bring your golf clubs with you when packing up for a stay at our golf resort. our championship golf course is available for all skill levels. explore b&b at the e packageenjoy overnight accommodations and breakfast for two. get a great night’s sleep and then start your morning off right with warm service, hot coffee, and a delicious breakfast.book nowthe spait’s time to treat yourself with some pampering at the spa at eaglewood resort. we offer a wide range of relaxation and beauty treatments for you. explore a setting for unforgettable eventsno matter what type of gathering you’re planning, eaglewood resort has dedicated event rooms, ballrooms, and custom chef-curated menus to delight every palate. in addition to inspiring, technology-rich meeting spaces, you will also find a professional staff of event planners, culinary artists, and audiovisual experts ready to elevate your gathering to its greatest potential.learn more  what our guests say your special weddinglet’s plan the perfect big day with the award-winning wedding venue spaces at our resort and spa as the backdrop to your vows.learn moreofferssave a little more when you stay at our chicago resort and book any of these great offerslearn morepet friendly policysmall dogs and cats under 50 pounds are welcome. guests much sign a pet agreement form, including a damage fee clause, at the time of check-in. a $75.00 per room, per stay fee will be added to the room charge. contact ussign up for emails from eaglewood resortenter your email address for more information on our deals, specials, and packages.  sign up  image slide1 link to larger image banquets conference bar  image slide2 link to larger image steak entree  image slide3 link to larger image band on stage  image slide4 link to larger image billiards and pool at kegler call us directionsbook now  eaglewood resort eaglewood resort  1401 nordic road itasca, illinois 60143 united states    phone  630.773.1400 connect  facebook link    instagram link    twitter link      contactreservation questionssales & catering requestsgeneral inquiries  eaglewood resort helpful linkscareershotel accessibilitywebsite accessibilityprivacy policywellness protocolssitemapexplore do not sell my personal information ©  eaglewood resort  scroll to top