


va treasury | home






























x



investor relations



















 about us 

 about us 

contact us
business opportunities
forms
links



 unclaimed property 

 cash management & investments 

 cash management & investments 

lgip
electronic payment processing info




 boards & authorities 

 boards & authorities 

treasury board
debt capacity advisory committee
virginia college building authority
virginia public building authority
virginia public school authority
tobacco settlement financing corporation




 bond finance 

 bond finance 

arbitrage rebate calculation services
general obligation bonds
private activity bonds
leasing programs
investor information
contact bonds finance




 risk management 

 risk management 

plans & programs
claims
loss & control training
civitas
vaps
contact risk management




 operations 

 operations 

spda report archive




 human resources 

 human resources 

employee benefits
contact human resources



 privacy 
 treasurer 
 sitemap 
 links 






















find your money 
								



damage claim information 
								



state portfolios 
								



bond programs 
								









mission statement
as steward of the commonwealth's financial resources, the department of the treasury's mission is to ensure excellence in the management of its banking, investing, and financing services and the administration of unclaimed property and insurance programs.



 
 







upcoming meetings
there are no currently scheduled meetings.






upcoming meetings
there are no currently scheduled meetings.






upcoming meetings
there are no currently scheduled meetings.






upcoming meetings
there are no currently scheduled meetings.






upcoming meetings
there are no currently scheduled meetings.









about treasury
welcome to the virginia department of the treasury’s website, where you will find a wealth of information about the programs and services offered.  the state treasurer reports directly to the secretary of finance, which is a cabinet level position reporting directly to the governor.  treasury provides statewide financial services for agencies and institutions of the commonwealth. we have six service area divisions: general management, debt management, risk management, operations, cash management and investments and unclaimed property.  treasury is responsible for the investment of state monies, issuance and management of the short and long-term financing needs of the commonwealth, administration of the state’s unclaimed property and escheat laws, administration of insurance and risk management programs, management of the state’s banking network, development of cash management programs, and check issuance services.
we believe this website will provide you with a quick and efficient way to learn more about the services and programs we provide. we hope it will help you do business quickly and efficiently with both the commonwealth and the office of the state treasurer. i encourage you to contact us if you have any questions, comments or suggestions as customer service is our top priority.




david l. richardson
treasurer












opt-out guidelines for banks
debt calendar
organizational chart






unclaimed property search
strategic plan
mymoney.gov
arbitrage rebate calculation service
merchant cards






local government investment pool
rated 'aaam'
by standard & poor's
read the press release

net yield for 2/13/2025(updated daily)daily: 4.46%7-day: 4.47%lgip em nav net yield-to-maturity for 2/10/2025(updated weekly)daily: 3.98%





contact us
virginia department of the treasury 101 north 14th street  richmond, va 23219 ph: (804) 225-2142

 view the treasury's expenditures
 transparency in procurement










 we use cookies
we place cookies on your computer to remember your settings and understand how people use our website. by using this site you accept this. read more.



ok









website policyprivacy policyfoia policycode of ethicssite map

. virginia department of the treasury. all rights reserved.


















