





artificial intelligence center – inventing a better future together


























































 

 
artificial intelligence center 
 






 toggle navigation



about
events @aic
archives


search for:



 








about the aicsri’s artificial intelligence center (aic) researches the computational principles underlying intelligence in man and machines. we develop methods for building computer-based systems to learn, perceive and interact with the world, reason, and make decisions. our activities include:

machine learning, with applications to understanding text, speech, and video
mixed-initiative planning and workflow management for military and commercial processes
intelligent, personalized assistance for information and task management
vision, localization, navigation, coordination, and grasping for mobile robots and human-robot interaction
acquisition, visualization, and prediction of biochemical pathways in support of drug discovery and engineering new organisms

leading ai innovation from r&d to application
founded in 1966, the aic is the source of many seminal contributions to ai in the areas of mobile robotics (shakey and centibots), search (the a* algorithm), expert systems (prospector), image understanding (the ransac algorithm), information extraction from texts (fastus), and intelligent agents (prs).
technology developed in the center has been fielded in military applications, notably as part of the u.s. army’s command post of the future (cpof), and has been licensed to several sri spin-off ventures such as siri (acquired by apple), trapit (merged with addvocate), tempo ai (acquired by salesforce), desti (acquired by nokia), and kasisto.





search for:



archives


 










 


careers
privacy policy
about the aic
hestia | developed by themeisle 



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 
 




x

 









x

 






















