





  
barynya, russian dance, music, and song ensemble






barynya, russian dance, music, and song ensemble


home
 | news
 | virtual performances
 | dancing videos
 | music videos
 | costumes
 | photo
 | recommendations
 | schedule
 | press
 | facebook
 | instagram
 | contact





the russian music, dance and song ensemble barynya (russian: áàðûíÿ), established in the year 1991 in new york city, is a world renowned group that enjoys exalting stature as the premier russian folk ensemble outside of russia.  barynya presents russian, cossack, ukrainian, jewish and gypsy roma traditional dancing, music, songs, and virtuoso performances on instruments including the balalaika, garmoshka (russian folk button accordion) and balalaika contrabass.   barynya has been invited to perform at some of the most prestigious cultural venues in the united states, including carnegie hall in new york, the national constitution center in philadelphia, the smithsonian institute of america in washington d.c., the united nations in new york, russian embassy in washington d.c., and many other venues. 


pennsylania state university abington
watch this video on www.youtube.com website

nbc morning show in new york city
watch this video on www.youtube.com website

kalina-malinka
watch this video on www.youtube.com website

ensemble barynya 2020 video-promo, 15 min
watch this video on www.youtube.com website


contact information: msmirnov@yahoo.com, +1-201-981-2497 (cell, text).



barynya is globally recognized and boasts an impressive client roster of dignitaries, politicians, celebrities and organizations from around the world.  the group performed at the black-tie gala after the liberty medal was presented to former soviet leader mikhail gorbachev by president george h.w. bush in 2008.  the prestigious event was attended by over one thousand dignified guests including the likes of tom brokaw, dikembe mutumbo and van cliburn.  





barynya also performs annually at the russian nobility ball for the russian nobility association in new york.  members of the ensemble have been invited to perform at many film premier and celebrity parties, including the official post-grammy award parties in new york and for private events hosted by barbara walters, elton john, the rolling stones, and tommy hilfiger.  most recently, mikhail smirnov, the founder and artistic director of barynya, was invited as one of the eight judges on nbc’s hit dance show, "superstars of dance". each judge is an expert in a different nation’s traditional style of dance and the nbc producers decided that mr. smirnov, as founder of the premier russian folk ensemble outside of russia, is the authority on traditional russian dance.



contact information: msmirnov@yahoo.com, +1-201-981-2497 (cell, text).


"superstars of dance" global dance competition, nbc



barynya dancers pictured on tv guide website during superstars of dance international competition led by famous producers nigel lythgoe and simon fuller (american idol, so you think you can dance).  barynya performed acrobatic cosssack dance routine in this competition hosted by michael flatley ("lord of the dance") and susie castillo, a former miss usa.  artistic director of barynya  was one of eight judges to decide which country will take home the coveted trophy. 


watch this video on www.youtube.com website

view pictures and video

september 21 and 22, 2024. ann arbor russian festival, michigan
ensemble barynya was the headliner at the ann arbor festival-2024, 9900 jackson rd., dexter, mi 48130 on saturday, september 21, 2024, and sunday, september 22, 2024.more from ann arbor russian festival

sept 14, 2024, st. george festival, russian orthodox church, loveland, ohio
on saturday, september 14th, 2024 from 11am to 10pm dancers, singers, and musicians of ensemble barynya - dancer viktoriia lazareva, dancer tara kuhl, dancer/singer valentina kvasova, mandolin, domra and balalaika virtuoso elina karokhina, and mikhail smirnov (artistic director, garmoshka, guitar, vocals) performed five shows during an annual st. george russian festival on the grounds of st. george russian orthodox church, 118 n lebanon rd, loveland, oh 45140.all photos and videos from st. george festival

freeport concert association (11 dancers, 3 musicians, and singer), october 13, 2018
ukrainian dance hopak




tatar dance from kazan' in tatarstan




metelitsa horovod dance



cossack dance from the don river




russian sailor's dance




russian folk dance barynya



russian gypsy dance




jewish bottle dance



watch this video on youtube.com website

kalinka, russian traditional dance




danila cooper, russian nobility dance



mikhail smirnov, elina karokhina (balalaika), irina zagornova (singer), alisa egorova, leonid bruk (balalaika contrabass)



mikhail smirnov (garmoshka), elina karokhina (balalaika), leonid bruk (balalaika contrabass)



september 11th, 2020.  recording of ensemble barynya promo-video.  kings bay ym-ywha, brooklyn, new york




on friday, september 11th, 2020 dancers, singers and musicians of barynya, russian dance, song and music ensemble had a rehersal and session of video recording at the kings bay ym-ywha - a jewish community center and proud partner of uja-federation of new york - located at 3495 nostrand avenue, brooklyn, ny 11229.   cast of barynya on that day included 
simona zhukovsky (dancer), 
valentina kvasova (dancer, vocals), 
olga chpitalnaia (dancer), 
olga yeliseyeva (dancer), 
alexander rudoy (dancer), 
vladimir nikitin (dancer), 
konstantin tulinov (dancer), 
danila sherstobitov (dancer), 
leonid bruk (contrabass-balalaika), 
elina karokhina (balalaika), 
mikhail smirnov (garmoshka, guitar, vocals), and singer 
irina zagornova.   company recorded one song performed by irina zagornova and several dance routines: "barynya", "kalinka", cossack dance, moldavian dance, "metelitsa", tatar dance, gypsy dance and jewish bottle dance.


ensemble barynya, friday, september 11th, 2020, kings bay ym-ywha, (from left to right) simona zhukovsky, valentina kvasova, olga chpitalnaia, olga yeliseyeva, elina karokhina, mikhail smirnov, danila sherstobitov, vladimir nikitin, alexander rudoy, konstantin tulinov

barynya dancers @ "world on stage" festival, stamford, ct, may 2009

watch this video on www.youtube.com website

video from concert in morristown, new jersey, february, 2009

watch this video on www.youtube.com website

programs: ensemble barynya is offering a few different programs: formal concert for performing art centers, russian dance and music program for multicultural school assemblies, russian dance and music workshops, russian folktales and fairy tales.  founder of the group mikhail smirnov is hosting all  performances by giving a short explanation of every number of the program in english. 



photos

view ensemble barynya photo gallery

costumes: colorful russian, siberian, cossack, ukrainian, gypsy and klezmer stage outfits: "sarafans", "kokoshniks", "rubashkas", "sapogis", and "kosovorotkas". each dance number performed in appropriate and authentic costumes, all hand-made by well known traditional russian custume designer svetlana gavrilova who also created all costumed characters and mascots.


view all pictures

members: only the best russian, cossack, ukrainian dancers and musicians can become a member of the ensemble.  top folk dancers, traditional virtuoso musicians and top singers of the ensemble barynya use to perform with world re-known companies: moiseev dance company, virsky ukrainian national dance company, don cossacks of rostov don, andreev state symphonic balalaika orchestra, moscow state folk center "russian song", ensemble of black sea navy dancers, riverdance, "beryozka" and others.  


story:

russian folk dance and music trio barynya was founded in november 1991 by russian accordion player mikhail smirnov, dancer sasha anchutin, and russian folk singer natasha demidova. the first show took place at the russian restaurant "fyodoroff" in carle place, new york. program of the barynya ensemble always started with fast russian traditional dance barynya which later has become the name of the group. 


reviews:

"...'barynya', world-acclaimed musicians, singers and dancers...", said journalist keith j. o'connor in his article "russia's taste goes beyond the palate" in the massachusetts' "republican"


recommendations:
"...beautiful performance helped make the global festival such a memorable evening... i could not be more impressed. i was up and out of my seat, dancing alone with them for just about every dance..." more recomendations

clients:
top cultural venues of the united states, us corporations, russian nobility, american educational organizations, best event and party planners, russian tycoons and oligarchs choose brooklyn based ensemble "barynya", when they need top quality russian entertainment - dancers, virtuoso musicians, singers and performers. 



emirates-russian week, emirates palace, abu dhabi, united arab emirates, october 2019



musicians of barynya ensemble provided several thirty minute performances during emirates-russian week at the emirates palace in abu dhabi, united arab emirates.

kempinski emirates palace, abu dhabi, united arab emirates, emirates-russian week
russian balalaika trio, kempinski emirates palace, abu dhabi, united arab emirates, emirates-russian week

mikhail gorbachev's liberty medal award gala at the national constitution center, philadelphia, pa




ensemble barynya performed during diner gala after the liberty medal 2008 was presented to former soviet leader mikhail gorbachev by president george h.w. bush. official ceremony took place on thursday, september 18, 2008 at the national constitution center in philadelphia. letter of recommendation.



eight barynya dancers, four musicians and three singers entertained a black-tie dinner for more than 1,000 guests including president george h. w. bush, tom brokaw, dikembe mutumbo and van cliburn. barynya performed both concert music and dance throughout the evening. president's bush and gorbachev were thrilled.  world known concert  pianist van cliburn shake hands with the balalaika virtuoso lev zabeginsky and other musicians.  mc of the evening, american television journalist tom brokaw, used one of our microphones to do the toasts. he was standing next to barynya musicians on the stage.



barynya dance ensemble celebrates 20 years.


article in new jersey's newspaper www.northjersey.com by tara driggs


read this article on www.northjersey.com website

virtual concerts of russian dance, music and songs with ensemble barynya



due to the covid-19 virus dancers and musicians of ensemble barynya are offering virtual concerts for schools, libraries, festivals, and other venues.   performances are live-streamed via zoom, facebook live, youtube.com, and other types of media.



 
live music balalaika band - wedding tasting room & taphouse at mount ida reserve - in scottsville, virginia - october 8, 2022dj alisa, bilingual mc-tamada mikhail and eight piece live music band provided music and entertainment for mixed russian-jewish-american wedding reception in scottsville, virginia on saturday, october 8th, 2022. for their venue newlyweds selected tasting room & taphouse at mount ida reserve, 5600 moonlight dr, scottsville, va 24590.russian-jewish-american wedding in scottsville, virginia on saturday, october 8th, 2022russian-jewish-american wedding in scottsville, virginia on saturday, october 8th, 2022
despacito - russian-jewish live music wedding balalaika band


watch this video on www.youtube.com
smuglyanka (singer mikhail smirnov)
watch this video on www.youtube.com
dark eyes (mikhail smirnov)
watch this video on www.youtube.com


contact information: msmirnov@yahoo.com, +1-201-981-2497 (cell, text).



 



high school diploma online at northgate academy


îáó÷åíèå íà÷èíàþùèõ èíâåñòîðîâ êàê íà÷àòü òîðãîâàòü íà áèðæå


attend online summer school at excel high school


thesis geek - thesis writing service.


ded moroz and snegurochkafor hire in new york, new jersey, ct, and pa



get big discount with its coop travel gutschein. grab now!



cheburashka and krokodil genafor hire in ny, nj, ct, pa and other states



klezmerlosangeles.com
russianbalalaika.com




