







lifestyle lift in atlanta | dr. elizabeth whitaker




























































skip to content
































 











about lifestyle lifts














facelift options














latest facelift news














request consultation











 

















looking for lifestyle facelifts in atlanta? 



atlanta has a lifestyle all its own, as unique and multi-faceted as the people who call this great city home. when the effects of aging become more pronounced and take a toll on the quality of your own lifestyle, you may find yourself considering a facelift procedure to address your concerns. there are lots of things to take into consideration when deciding on any surgical procedure. one of the most important aspects is selecting a reputable, board-certified surgeon who has a proven record of exceptional outcomes.to schedule an appointment at atlanta face & body, click here. 







 







double board-certified facial plastic surgeon elizabeth whitaker, m.d., f.a.c.s., specializes in a wide variety of surgical facelift options, many of which she personally developed to be less invasive as compared to traditional facelift surgery. with all the options available, you’re bound to find the right facelift option to fit your aesthetic goals as well as your individual lifestyle. think of dr. elizabeth as your lifestyle facelift expert, whether you’re getting a touchup or it’s your very first time. the appeal of lifestyle facelifts is that many can be performed using only local anesthesia and relaxation without the need for general anesthesia. 
















 dr. elizabeth whitaker m.d., f.a.c.s.double board certifiedfacial plastic surgeon









our on-site accredited plastic surgery centerall atlanta facelift procedures are performed in our state-of-the-art, aaahc-accredited plastic surgery center located at atlanta face & body. this space was designed with every aspect of your comfort, convenience, privacy, and safety in mind, and our team of highly skilled medical professionals consistently maintains the utmost standards for those details. we are located just minutes from i-75 and i-285 inside the perimeter.meet your atlanta facelift surgeon – dr. elizabeth whitaker having performed well over 5,000 facelifts and countless other aesthetic procedures, atlanta-based facial plastic surgeon dr. elizabeth has it down to an art and science. she’s also consistently recognized as one of america’s top plastic surgeons by her peers, patients, and medical publications. she makes sure to always utilize the latest advancements in surgical facial rejuvenation for her patients. 









 

 

 














a fresh, natural look with minimal downtime.whether you’re seeking a touchup following several years after a previous facelift or it’s your very first time, you can rest assured you won’t find any “overdone” outcomes here. dr. elizabeth employs specially developed and clinically proven techniques at our state-of-the-art surgery center that offer a less invasive path to your desired surgical outcomes. these techniques often come with less downtime compared to traditional facelift surgery. less downtime is a very appealing aspect to people considering an elective surgical procedure, such as some lifestyle facelifts. after all, you’ve got a lifestyle to lead, and you don’t want to miss out on any more than you have to due to a lengthy recovery. the accelerated recovery time can be attributed to less incisions and precise techniques to gently lift and tighten sagging skin. at your private consultation, dr. elizabeth will guide you in selecting the best facelift treatment to fit your individual goals and lifestyle. 



advantages of a facelift for your lifestyleif determined appropriate and safe for your unique skin structure and situation, your lifestyle facelift can offer a variety of advantages to provide a beautiful boost to your confidence level. these may include:fewer incisions (compared to more invasive facelift surgery)less anesthesiafaster recovery timemore natural-looking resultsa refreshed appearance that can last for years while a facelift for your lifestyle can indeed be a great option in many cases, every patient is different. that said, your results may vary due to a number of factors. during your private facelift consultation, dr. elizabeth will thoroughly go over all the details so you have a clear understanding of what to expect. 







multiple facelift options to fit your lifestylelifestyle facelifts can offer great minimally invasive options to achieve rejuvenated results with less downtime than traditional surgery, but there’s just no such thing as a one-size-fits-all facelift. luckily, there are multiple options available for facelifts in atlanta to accentuate your unique features and fit your individual lifestyle. from a more minimally invasive technique of some lifestyle facelifts to the much more invasive method of a deep plane facelift and everything in between, dr. elizabeth has immense experience in creating beautiful, natural-looking results using the latest advancements in facial rejuvenation. her vast anti-aging surgical expertise includes the following specialized procedures:signature lift (facelift by dr. elizabeth)signature minilift (facelift by dr. elizabeth)signature precisionlift™ (laser facelift by dr. elizabeth)signature necklift™signature profilelift™liquid faceliftdeep plane facelift the first step to determining which of these options may help you achieve your personal aesthetic goals is to schedule a private consultation at atlanta face & body by calling (678) 888-3223 or clicking here to book online.benefits and risks of facelift surgery the general benefits of any facelift procedure are, of course, to help reverse the signs of aging and help you look like a younger, more refreshed version of yourself without completely changing your appearance. while some lifestyle facelifts in atlanta won’t produce the dramatic results of more invasive options, they can provide subtle yet noticeable improvement and a significant boost in self-confidence.though less invasive by comparison, it’s important to note that it is still a surgical procedure that comes with some potential risks. though rare when performed by an experienced board-certified surgeon, the risks of any facelift surgery may include but are not limited to bleeding, infection, prolonged swelling, nerve injury, and possible unsatisfactory results. just as she will with the benefits you can expect, dr. elizabeth will explain all the potential risks involved prior to your procedure so there won’t be any surprises.schedule your facelift consultation today! do you feel it’s time to re-address the signs of aging that have creeped back into your life? or are you ready to tackle them for the very first time? whatever the reason, we invite you to call our offices at atlanta face & body at (678) 888-3223 or click here to schedule your consultation. dr. elizabeth and her highly skilled team will be happy to help you determine which lifestyle facelift in atlanta is the best option for you to regain the confidence you deserve to live your life with your head held high. 






request consultation

























copyright © 2024 







med aesthetic website by colloredo & associates 




























