















manvel, tx - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














 














city data







live meetings







state historical association













/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 













search







 
 
 


    government      residents      business      living in...      i want to...  


 

 

 

 

 




 















 






  
 
 









 
 









 





 
 
 













 














make a payment








stay connected










 
 














employment








agendas & minutes










 
 














permits & projects








development guide










 
 














report a concern








gis map










 
 
 



















  
 
 









 







manvel resource center







quickly find what you’re looking for
 






  
 
 





 find
 submit
 contact
 apply for




 find














view the fy 2024-2025 adopted budget



view the 2024 adopted tax rate



view the adopted technical codes







city council



community profile (pdf)







emergency management information



local, county, and state contact information









/quicklinks.aspx





 submit














comments to city hall



development applications



municipal court fines



online payments







a special event permit application



report a street light outage



submit a request to public works



request a virtual court hearing









/quicklinks.aspx





 contact














city hall



local businesses







after hours contact numbers









/quicklinks.aspx





 apply for














employment







boards and commissions









/quicklinks.aspx







 
 
 



  
 
 



 







latest city news







stay up-to-date with the latest postings
 






  
 



  
 














view all news










 
 
 



 



  
 
 















presidents' day closure 


manvel administrative offices will be closed on february 17 in observance of presidents’ day.						read on...







manvel hosts blood drive in honor of the bumgarden siblings 


the city will host a blood drive on january 29 in honor of bradley, joshua, and savannah bumgarden, a local manvel family.						read on...







apply for a board or commission 


manvel is seeking passionate individuals to apply for positions on the planning, development & zoning commission and the manvel economic development corporation.						read on...







parade of lights 


the parade of lights will return on december 14, 2024, for holiday fun the whole family can enjoy!						read on...







deck the homes: holiday lights showdown 


manvel is launching its inaugural holiday lights showdown, inviting residents to showcase their creativity this holiday season in a friendly competition among neighbors!						read on...







holiday art contest 


calling all school-aged artists: the city invites you to participate in its third-annual holiday art contest!						read on...







city hall hosts santa's mailbox 


santa's mailbox is back at city hall for the holiday season!						read on...







update: investigation of the fraudulent electronic fund transfer 


thanks to the diligent efforts of all agencies involved, the city is pleased to report that the full amount of the stolen funds from september 2024 has been recovered.						read on...







development services launches development guide tool 


the city of manvel announces the launch of a new development guide designed to assist residents, contractors, and business owners in navigating the permitting process more efficiently.						read on...







city of manvel investigates cybersecurity incident involving fraudulent electronic fund transfer 


the city of manvel has experienced a cybersecurity breach that led to a fraudulent electronic fund transfer of approximately $450,000. the incident is under investigation, and we are working closely with the fbi and the texas financial crimes unit.						read on...







manvel presented scenic city certification 


the city of manvel is honored to be presented with the scenic city certification.						read on...







register your livestock with mpd 


to better support the city’s livestock owners, the manvel police department is asking residents to update or register their livestock via an online form!						read on...







annual trunk or treat on october 25 


trunk or treat is back, and it's bigger and spookier than ever!						read on...







city to host budget town hall september 9 


manvel invites residents to a budget town hall meeting on september 9 at 6:30 pm in city hall. council and staff are excited to share plans for the fiscal year 2024-2025 budget with the community!						read on...







manvel launches the manvel link, a monthly e-newsletter 


we're launching our latest communication initiative: the manvel link, a monthly e-newsletter!						read on...







future manvel survey launch, running may 1 - 31 


building on the momentum generated by the efforts of the focus groups and public forum, the city of manvel is now launching the third round of community input, the future manvel survey.						read on...







manvel upgrades mass notification system to everbridge 


the city of manvel announces its transition to everbridge as its new mass notification system.						read on...







manvel launches future manvel visioning initiative 


the city of manvel is beginning a year-long, community-focused initiative to plan the future of the city, and we need your participation!						read on...







police department to break ground on new police station 


the manvel police department invites the community to join them for a groundbreaking ceremony on april 3 at 6605 masters rd. to signal the commencement of construction for its new police station.						read on...







manvel transitions to wastewater averaging model 


as part of its ongoing commitment to responsible resource management and to alleviating residents' financial burdens, the city will transition to a wastewater averaging model.						read on...







city to host annual eggstravaganza march 23 


the city of manvel is excited to announce the return of its highly anticipated eggstravaganza on march 23!						read on...







scout hour at city hall 


the city of manvel is hosting a special scout hour for scouting organizations in the community. register online!						read on...







manvel city council names parks after influential persons 


delores martin, former mayor of manvel, buddy williams, a former council member, and larry and sharon akery, esteemed community members, will have parks and a lake dedicated to them.						read on...







manvel police department aids state in arrests of houston-area fuel thefts 


manvel police department aids in the arrest of eight individuals in connection with a large-scale organized theft ring. police are still seeking eight other suspects.						read on...







mayor davis, councilmember opliger, and councilmember sarmiento sworn into office 


mayor dan davis, councilmember harry opliger, and councilmember crystal sarmiento were sworn into manvel city council on may 15, 2023.						read on...







manvel high school students unveil inspiring mural at manvel public library 


the city of manvel would like to thank the art students of manvel high school for the stunning mural they created at the manvel public library.						read on...







city council approves construction of new police station and community services building 


at the april 3, 2023, council meeting, city council approved funding for the construction of a new police station, a community services building, and an expansion to the current city hall.						read on...







city of manvel receives superior public water system designation from tceq 


the city of manvel received a superior public water system designation from the texas commission on environmental quality (tceq) last month, recognizing its overall excellence in all aspects of operating a public water system.						read on...







manvel public water system joins state's swap program 


the city of manvel public water system has joined the state’s source water assessment and protection (swap) program.						read on...







hosting a special event educational meeting 


if you’re looking to host a special event or food truck in the city of manvel, let us help you navigate the process!						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 







upcoming events & meetings







mark your calendar
 






  
 














view all events










 
 
 











feb
24	


planning development and zoning commission meeting

planning development and zoning commission meetingread on






mar
3	


manvel city council workshop and meeting

manvel city council workshop and meetingread on






mar
10	


planning development and zoning commission meeting

planning development and zoning commission meetingread on






mar
17	


manvel city council workshop and meeting

manvel city council workshop and meetingread on






mar
24	


planning development and zoning commission meeting

planning development and zoning commission meetingread on








/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







20031 highway 6manvel, tx. 77578phone: 281-489-0630email: info@cityofmanvel.commonday - thursday: 7:30 am - 5:30 pmfriday: 7:30 am - 11:30 am
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







city data



live meetings



state historical association









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







using this site







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 









 
 
 




 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









