




hiri the best email client for windows






















<![endif]-->



    




















50% off.
                        you'll never see this offer again.
                    






buy now
try for free

























product
download
pricing

support











ingenious email.
for microsoft exchange and office 365 on windows









                finally, a real alternative to ms outlook!
            








                        mail
                    







                        tasks
                    







                        calendar
                    







                        contacts
                    





                built for the microsoft email ecosystem.
                we also support:
                outlook.com,
                hotmail.com,
                live.com and
                msn.com.
            



















no more clutter, bring order to your inbox

                email doesn’t have to be ugly. a cluttered inbox is like a cluttered desk - it makes it difficult to get in the right headspace.
                
                we’ve used the ux principle of progressive disclosure throughout hiri so you only see what you need when you need it.
                
                good design is at the heart of what we do. for example, regardless of what resolution or what size monitor you use the center pane in hiri will always remain the same width. this is because the optimum readable length of a sentence is about 96 characters.
                
                any longer and it can be difficult to find the beginning of the next sentence. any shorter and your eyes need to work harder, causing fatigue.
                
                hiri is the perfect companion for osx, the most powerful os on the planet.
            






                        download for windows now
                    


give hiri a try for free for 7 days!
no credit card required







        used in some of the best companies in the world!
    

















“hiri is packed with time-saving tools that'll improve email habits”














use the skills center to getyour email under control


please, please tell me more






frequently asked questions



send tasks to your team

              send actionable emails and delegate others to your team. sending tasks using hiri reduces ambiguity about who needs to do what.
              


stay focused

                on average we check our mail 96 times a day. our dashboard nudges you out of this habit. so you can focus on your work.
              


keep track of important emails

                set reminders on emails that you can't deal with immediately, or quickly drag them into your task list, where you can set due dates or reminders.
              


improve how you communicate

                annonymously learn what your colleagues really think about your communication style. without honest feedback, how can you improve?
              


never forget what tasks you delegated

                view a list of all the emails where you specifically asked your team to do something. quickly ping them for status updates.
              


stay on top of your day

                your task list is a first class citizen, it's always visible in hiri. prioritise and manage your tasks so that you never forget what's next.
              







“hiri is packed with time-saving tools that'll improve email habits”



"if i were running a company, i'd definitely give hiri a whirl"



“my favourite feature of hiri is the way it asks you to explicitly separate emails you send into two groups. ones that are just an fyi, and ones that require further action. it’s a very simple idea but one that i think could be incredibly effective.“



“hiri is a pleasure to use thanks to a slick, professional interface that puts all the essentials at your fingertips”










whittl media ltd (trading as hiri) dogpatch labs, ifsc, dublin, ireland.







hiri
product
download
pricing


general
support
blog
suggestions


about
contact us
privacy
terms of service
follow us on twitter






















