

modern racer - performance car buyer guide - reviews, photos, auto show coverage and more












free car price quote











































free car price quote




special interest 




body kits 




lambo doors 




racing exhaust 




car loan 




used cars 





   
      disclaimer

   
      privacy policy

   
      advertise















































photo coverage: 2009 l.a. auto show the los angeles auto show is one of the smaller international motor shows, with numerous no-shows at the 2009 edition due to the recession. there are only two concept cars and maybe ten all-new models displayed... read more 




photo coverage: 2009 sema las vegas the specialty equipment market association show, better known as sema, is on again in las vegas. the 2009 event of this aftermarket show, one of the largest of its kind, is more of a showcase for american tuner companies than any other... read more 




photo coverage: 2009 tokyo auto show you can always depend on the tokyo auto show to have the most intriguing and the most wacky concepts. the 2009 edition of the show is no different. this is one event where the concepts outnumber the production car launches... read more 




2010 volkswagen gti the 6th-generation gti mark vi is technically still based on the mark v golf platform. but the u.s. version employs a detuned turbocharged-four engine and regular suspension, forgoing the adaptive chassis of the european version... reviews   specs 




2010 hyundai genesis coupe 2.0t the genesis coupe is a rear-wheel drive sport coupe, with a turbocharged four-banger base model, and is hyundai’s most dynamic performance car yet, with standard sport suspension and aggressive styling. the turbo engine is tuner-friendly too... reviews   specs 





















loading articles...





































green car news

toyota prius
honda insight
chevrolet volt
more new cars...




modified tuners

chevy tuner cars
vw modded cars
bmw upgraded cars
more modified car news...




future car preview

audi future models
honda concepts
tesla sedans
more future models...




auto show coverage

tokyo 2009
geneva 2009
new york 2009
more auto shows...




extreme driving tips

drag-race launching
left-foot braking
front-wheel-drive oversteer
more driving tips...














site design and layout copyright © 2001-2010, modernracer.com  all rights reserved
all images and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. no part of this website may be reproduced without the explicit permission of the owner of this site.
      |     disclaimer


the modern racer network
modernracer.com
    |     
modernoffroader.com






 













