






hq papermaker™ - high quality handmade and milled papers since 1990



















home
quick order
history of paper
about our paper
about hq
contact us
help
sitemap




welcome to hq papermaker™
high quality handmade mulberry paper and milled mulberry papers since 1990



above image - khom loi festival in chiang mai- source wikipedia
swarms of sky lanterns (rtgs: khom loi), literally: 'floating lanterns', are launched into the air. 
khom loi are made from a thin fabric, such as rice paper, stretched over a bamboo or wire frame, to which a candle or fuel cell is attached. 
when the fuel cell is lit, the resulting hot air is trapped inside the lantern and creates enough lift for the khom loi to float into the sky.
originally, at the end of the year, kom loi (lantern) was given to celebrate the harvest and good harvest of the year's agriculture. 
since thailand is buddhist, it seems to have the meaning of giving thanks to buddha.
in addition, it is said that if the launch of kom loi is completed successfully, the hardships and troubles will disappear, and it seems that it also has the meaning of dispelling troubles.
loi krathong coincides with the lanna (northern thai) festival known as yi peng (yi means 'two' and peng means a 'full moon day'). 
yi peng refers to the full moon day in the second month according to the lanna lunar calendar (the twelfth month of the thai lunar calendar). 
the festival is meant as a time to make merit (rtgs: tham bun).
rtgs: the royal thai general system of transcription (rtgs) is the official system for rendering thai words in the latin alphabet. it was published by the royal institute of thailand.
buying paper from hq
now you can buy direct from the producer with door to door post air delivery in free shipping, at heavily discounted prices. with secure paypal payment gateway by credit card, it's safe and easy.
whether you are looking for 10 sheets of special paper for wrapping gifts, you are a shop owner looking for the lowest possible wholesale prices, or a major distributor looking for a reliable and experienced source, we can supply you directly from thailand.
hq papermaker™ is an innovative producer, providing quality papers and excellent service at the lowest possible price to customers all over the world.
hq papermaker™ video clip  introducing hq papermaker factory outlet shop & gallery in chiang mai,is available at you tube.  
also please find us on facebook 



hq shop and gallery


local tv on air - nov 27,2015



 facebook 

 


hq papermaker™ japanese website is available for japanese customers. please visit below link.
hq papermaker™ thai website is available for thai customers. please visit below link.




hq japan inc.
for customers reside in japan only.




for customers reside in thailand only.
 


getting started at hq
first time at hq? to see our entire paper collection simply click on the browse all link in the shop by paper type sidebar

want to be a bit more selective? clicking on a category name in the shop by paper type sidebar will display a more detailed list of paper sub-category links to choose from.

can't find what you were looking for? how about using the product search box located top-left? just enter some descriptive text, or a product code (if you know it) and click go!

still can't find what you were looking for? try our help pages, and in the unlikely event you can't find the answer there, we're only an email, phone call  away and would be delighted to assist you in any way we can.

 




search for paper







shop by color




















shop by paper type

what's new?
special offers
browse all
handmade paper

smooth textured
rough textured
soft textured
petal & leaf paper

standard
tissue
standard/tissue


all others

card stock
batik paper
elephant dung paper
lace paper
marbled paper
moon paper
painted paper
paste paper
recycled paper
tissue paper




 milled paper

colours

solid colours
earth tones
white, grey, black
with gold/silver


all others

tissue
speciality
metallic
marbled



 printed paper

milled paper

elements
seasons
spells & charms
symbols
thai fauna & flora
weddings & babies
patterns


handmade smooth

dragons
patterns
texts


handmade watermark

oriental
air
stripe
water




 art paper

white
natural
bamboo


 skeleton leaves

standard leaves
sparkling  leaves


 greeting cards

christmas cards
holiday cards


seed paper
 packaged paper

kraft pack
a4 paper pack


envelope packs
 



news mail sign-up

get news, what's new and special offers!
 



free samples

order your free samples here!
 



pricing information

pricing & discount schemes
get our price list now!
 



opportunities

want to become an hq wholesaler?
 







home | quick order | history of paper | about our paper | about hq | privacy policy | terms & conditions | contact us | help | sitemap | links
hq papermaker - 164/31 chang klan road, t. chang klan, a. muang, chiang mai 50100 thailand. tel: +66 093 616 4639
hq papermaker™ is a trademark of hq group company limited. © copyright 2004 hq group co. ltd. all rights reserved.





