








beaucoup ribbon - beau's waterscapes











































skip to content







beaucoup ribbon 

 primary navigation menu

menu
home
know us
blog

aerating garden grass
choosing grasses
grass to plant
importance of grass
natural or artificial grass


say hi..


 


















artificial grass
more expensive artificial grass looks and feels more like natural grass, while cheaper varieties have a more artificial look.





natural grass
natural grass controls erosion and stabilizes the soil. due to its network of roots, the grass forms a compact, porous carpet and is felt.





grass seeds
a wide variety of grass seeds will give rise to incredible meadows. to choose the most appropriate ones in each case, you have to evaluate different aspects.
















what grass to plant depends on the type of garden? 
sticky
2023-11-23
  by: renee prescott   on: november 23, 2023   in: grass to plant 





									it is an undisputed protagonist of any garden, but thoroughly enjoying it means knowing which grass to plant according to our climate or the characteristics of our garden. when we think of him, we inevitably think of that healthy-looking and stunning green mantle. and without a doubt, that’s how it should be. but achieving it involves not only knowing your needs in hot months or being transparent about the tricks to care for your lawn in winter. it also implies correctly choosing the type of grass ideal for our space.								










defining how we will use the grass  



defining how we will use the grass will help us choose the correct one, understood as the one that best responds to the use we give it. 







 





 

 

 
























family of plants 



like any other family of plants, within the grass category, there are many typologies. although we only see herbs and may think they are identical, nothing could be further from the truth. they can not only be categorized according to their tolerance to cold or heat but also their resistance to use. a detail that should be known in depth when we consider which grass to plant for one reason: only by using the right one can we enjoy that green meadow we have in mind. what’s more, if we don’t do it, we will invest a lot of resources, time and even humour in a herb that will never be as we wish. 










know us



























how to know what grass to plant in the garden 



									as we said, there are almost as many varieties as possible planting scenarios within the natural grass category. this should be known in detail when choosing our grass seeds, whether to plant a space from scratch or repopulate after winter or summer. what’s more, whether or not you have to repopulate regularly will largely depend on planting the appropriate plant species from the beginning.								







































plant in the garden 







but how do you know which grass to plant in the garden? getting our choice right depends on some fundamental aspects that rely on our garden’s characteristics and living habits. but let’s add more: the time we must dedicate to it. and in the same way that we sometimes opt for easy-to-care-for plants because we cannot pay much attention to them, we will have to do the same with the grass. while some rustic varieties hardly need our help, it is essential for survival for others. 
















 







grass to plant 



the climate in which we live is the starting point for knowing what grass to plant.this is a crucial detail. to make the right choice, we must consider such essential aspects as the average winter or summer temperature and whether we live in an area marked by drought or heavy rain.moreover, if we live in a coastal area, we must closely examine the grass seeds we choose. 
















the type of floor is another detail that we do not usually pay attention to 



falling into the mistake of thinking that any grass grows on any soil is synonymous with putting in a lot of work to enjoy a healthy lawn. therefore, when choosing which grass to plant, we will have to find out the characteristics of our soil, considering such important factors as whether it is rich in nutrients or clayey. 









































the use that we will give it is essential to choose correctly. 



just as essential or more! such as climate or soil type. a purely ornamental garden differs from one where you will play with a ball. moreover, the same kind of grass is not even used for a space that is stepped on occasionally as for one that is walked on regularly. 


…








solar incidence is crucial in choosing grasses 
2023-11-22
  by: renee prescott   on: november 22, 2023   in: choosing grasses 
the last fundamental detail is when we ask ourselves what grass to plant. fodder for a garden that receives full sun is different from for one with large shade areas.
types of grass to planting
once these critical details are understood regarding which grass to plant, it is time to get to know the different species and their specific needs to see which one is suitable for our garden.
furthermore, it is essential to take another aspect into account. usually, when we buy grass in the same package, there is a mixture of seeds. something that fundamentally seeks to associate species with similar needs to give more grass consistency to the soil. there is only one caveat: when it comes to grass seeds with special needs, such as those indicated for coastal areas or areas marked by drought.
english ray grass is the classic when we wonder what grass to plant.
it is the most used variety for multiple reasons. not only is it the most resistant to trampling, but it is also fast-growing. although it is resistant to high temperatures, it does not tolerate shady spaces well.
despite its versatility, it is worth knowing that it is one of the medium-maintenance types of grass. in addition to regular watering, it also needs periodic mowing and fertilizing occasionally.
japanese grass, an ornamental and original option
perfect for those who want something other than a plain green grass meadow or have to plant in dry areas or slopes. in addition to grass seeds, japanese grass incorporates flower seeds.
resistant to footsteps and high temperatures, it has low hydration needs. it is not advisable to mow it, so it is the right one if you want a wild-inspired garden.
cynodon is ideal for warm coastal areas or little water.
it is the species par excellence. also called grass, it is the grass of the coast and warm areas but also for areas with little rainfall since it tolerates drought. with thin and dense leaves, it has a high demand for sun and is resistant to footsteps. in addition, it is a type of grass with a low irrigation demand.
fescue, another common associated with ray grass
its resistance to footsteps and weather conditions makes this variety of grass very common in gardens. since it is a not very dense grass, it is planted associated with ray grass seeds.
rustic in nature tolerates high temperatures and can even be planted on slopes.
poa is the grass you should plant in cold climates.
although it has excellent resistance to low temperatures and drought, it is a variety that appears associated with others for a reason: it is a slow species.
despite this, it has a perfect advantage for different areas: it does not require a lot of light.
dichondra repens, a decorative and different grass
another option for those who are not looking for regular weed. with leaves similar to clover, it is ideal if we want an ornamental garden that is used sparingly. dichondra repens seeds have low resistance to trampling and are suitable for areas with humid climates.
if exposed to too much cold, it will acquire a brown colour.
repens dwarf clover, the alternative to grass for poor soils
an option that we can consider when we consider which grass to plant and we know that the soil is not fertile. dwarf repens clover is recommended for areas with high humidity, but it is worth knowing that it does not resist frost or drought.…








the importance of grass in our lawn 
2023-11-21
  by: renee prescott   on: november 21, 2023   in: importance of grass 
the use of grass meadow areas in gardening is widespread and, in some cases, extensive due to the usefulness and functionality it brings to the garden.
green integrates us into a natural space and always gives us pleasant sensations, freeing us from stressful situations.
the increasing awareness of integrating more green areas in our environment has made landscaping an essential subject in its improvement: in our garden or terrace, in the workplace, on the streets, in pavilions, parks and mediums.
the lawn is the central element in the ornamentation public and private gardens.
if any element is characterized by its importance in garden design, it is undoubtedly the lawn.
since time immemorial, it has been the basis of landscape projects because it recreates and integrates nature into our urban habitat.
we help you make the best decision: natural grass or artificial grass?
we have a wide selection of seed and sod mixtures to form a natural grass meadow for every garden. together with the best artificial grass manufacturers, we have a variety of solutions of the best quality at the best prices.
natural grass
natural grass has unmatched beauty and provides a high-quality aesthetic touch to the environments where it is used.
this type of grass generates a natural environment with freshness and beauty. it is a calming area in perfect natural green colours that makes people relax optimally because they are in harmony with nature.
taking care of natural grass is nothing out of this world; it doesn’t require much, trim from time to time and fertilize when necessary, and that’s nothing to worry about.
advantages of natural grass
among the advantages that this type of grass provides, we have:

provides freshness and comfort: there is nothing like natural, so having this type of grass means always being comfortable and in a fresh environment.
minimizes the effects of pollution: being natural has no polluting effects; on the contrary, it helps the environment become natural and, therefore, avoid those that could be a polluting factor in the area where it will be installed.
reduces noise: natural grass absorbs up to 30% of the environmental noise pollution.
ideal for all terrain or environment: it is ideal for small plots of land, large spaces, public or private areas, sports areas, gardens or swimming pools.
controls soil erosion: allows soil stability since it fits perfectly with the earth, forming a compact layer to generate stability.
increases the stability of the soil: it makes the soil much more compact due to the moisture that natural grass usually collects for itself.
reduces environmental pollution: helps eliminate environmental pollutants, generating pure oxygen.
it works as an ecological air conditioner: the foliage of the grass absorbs the sun’s rays, so on hot days, this type of grass generates an enjoyable temperature in the environment, acting as a natural air conditioner. a large grassy area can cool several tons of air.
reduces water consumption: thanks to the roots of the grass, it is possible to have a good carpet under the ground, which, together with the felt, performs excellent water absorption; therefore, the use of water in these cases is reduced without at no time affect the health of the vegetation. when a grass is dense, it can absorb up to 6 times more rainwater.
prevents landslides: due to the capacity of natural grass to hold up to 6 times more rainwater, its roots help keep the ground compact, preventing possible landslides.
…








when to choose natural or artificial grass? 
2023-11-20
  by: renee prescott   on: november 20, 2023   in: natural or artificial grass 
we have already perfectly described both situations, the conception of each type of grass and the advantages and disadvantages of each one.
natural grass beautifies spaces and fills them with vitality, freshness and an aromatic atmosphere; everything needed to create an environment of perfect natural relaxation.
artificial grass is everything you want in terms of decoration; it is easy and practical to install and maintain, as it does not require all the care necessary for natural grass, saving time, effort and money.
before choosing, we must consider all the options and the place and use we will give it since each one will adapt best according to the climatic conditions, the space and its role in decoration.
now, suppose your thing is just decoration, creating a unique space where barbecues are not held, and that requires little maintenance. in that case, artificial grass is ideal for a flawlessly decorated environment that gives that special touch to your home or any place that needs to be installed.
in this case, you will only have to pay attention to the fact that it is essential to water it from time to time to keep it clean and in perfect condition, brush it to keep the fibres vertical and treat it against any fungi or insects that have remained under the layer of artificial grass. placed.
in terms of decorating environments, artificial grass meets all the requirements since it satisfies the needs of people by coming in different designs, colours and textures, in addition to being sold in different sizes so you can choose the one that best suits you. your criteria.
on the other hand, if yours is an entirely natural environment where you can breathe nature, where you can feel and touch it, then natural grass is ideal.
it requires maintenance and much more effort, but the beauty, vitality, freshness and peace this type of grass provides is unmatched.
this grass changes environments in a completely radical way, providing that environment free of noise and air pollution that we often need in our homes.
natural grass is the perfect option to create a particular area where you can have barbecues, play with the children and lie down occasionally to contemplate the sky.
at our discretion, nothing can replace what is created naturally. although artificial grass is beautiful, nothing compares to tender, delicate and soft natural grass, which gives us beauty and vitality at the same time and reminds us that nature is part of us and that it is precisely those places full of life that take us away from the stress of everyday life.
so, having the two options in front of you, having studied them thoroughly and laying out the pros and cons, it is up to you to decide the environment you want to create and which type of grass best suits that idea.
it is essential to highlight that at garden florymar, we have everything necessary for installing and maintaining both natural and artificial grass, resolving any questions you may have and being at your disposal at any time and for any event that may arise.
so, whatever your decision, you will have an ally who will resolve your concerns and do everything possible to bring the idea of ​​environmental decoration you have planned to reality.
natural and artificial grass are the best decoration options for creating different environments that provide a special touch to your home and any other area you want to change.
synthetic grass was designed to mimic the look and feel of natural grass.
in this sense, artificial grass has been created with synthetic fibres, polypropylene or polyethylene fibres.
this comprises several layers, including support, cushioning, two or three drainage, and padding, often made of rubber or cork.
it varies in terms of design, size and colour. hence, its purpose is more than anything decorative since it is perfectly adaptable and combinable with any environment. it perfectly meets users’ needs regarding decoration and expectations about a different lawn that requires less care than natural grass.…








importance of aerating garden grass 
2023-11-19
  by: renee prescott   on: november 19, 2023   in: aerating garden grass 
to have a splendid lawn, you should use certain basic care practices, such as fertilizing, mowing and watering. likewise, it is essential to ensure that nutrients can reach the soil.
this is why aerating the lawn can be vital to its health, as it allows air and water to penetrate it. so it is essential to learn how to carry out proper aeration.
what is lawn aeration?
aeration involves poking small holes into the soil to allow air, nutrients and water to penetrate the grass roots. compact soils have many solid particles in a specific volume and space. therefore, aerating the lawn is the best method to improve air and gas exchange while assimilating water and nutrients.
there are two aeration systems :

simple punching. holes are made with spikes or points
punches. portions of the soil are extracted with hollow points.

tools for drilling the ground
the types of soil piercing tools are spike aerators and plug aerators. with the spike aerator, you must use the tool to make holes in the ground with a solid spike or fork.
plug aerators remove a core or plug of grass and soil from the lawn. you should use an aeration tool or machine that removes soil plugs for best results. drilling holes is less effective and can cause additional compaction in the areas around the holes.
periods to aerate the lawn
first year. aerate lightly in september if the grass has been sown or planted in march or april. however, if it has been established later, limit aeration in the most exposed or most walked areas.
second year. aerate very carefully in march, july and september. another aeration (a fourth) can be carried out at the end of october, depending on the site’s climatic conditions or region.
third year onwards. the first aeration should be at the beginning of march, then repeat the operation every month or at most every 45 days until the end of october.
types of grass according to their use
grass for sports use
for this purpose, good resistance to trampling is needed, which is why a mixture of english ray grass and poa is often used. fescue is also widely used.
grass for ornamental use
for decorative use, opting for varieties and mixtures that provide more intense shades of green with thin, bushier-looking leaves, such as bentwood, fescue, and classic english, is ideal.
 lawn for rustic use
more resistant grass that adapts well to any climate. the bermuda type and, above all, fescue are usually used. it is best to use varieties that require little maintenance.
when to sow the lawn
take your time with the planting process, as you can ruin your efforts if you have not previously prepared the soil, without forgetting the aeration and provision of a suitable substrate so that the grass develops in the best conditions.
the idea is to stay away from times with more extreme temperatures, such as the hottest summer months and the coldest winter months. it is best to plant during spring and autumn. due to their milder temperatures, march, april and september are perfect months to carry out this task.
rushing is not good, so once you have planted, wait to set foot on the land for 10-15 days to allow it to develop correctly and not hinder its growth.
with these simple keys, you are now in a position to choose the type of grass that best suits your needs.
…














recent posts


what grass to plant depends on the type of garden?


solar incidence is crucial in choosing grasses


 

other links

know us
privacy policy
say hi..
terms and conditions

 

get in touch 3816 bel meadow drive
riverside, ca 92507
phone no: +1-909-348-3988
email id: info@beaucoupribbon.com

 

follow us 








 






					 designed using brigsby. powered by wordpress.				





























