









signing time home page - signing time


























































































skip to content







 





main menu




start heremenu toggle

start off with some of our links belowmenu toggle

my signing time digital subscription baby signing time (0-3) signing time (4-12) rachel and the treeschoolers potty time sign language curriculum for teachers and homeschoolers 
 quick linksmenu toggle

my signing time affiliate rewards are here! my signing time digital player signing time foundation resources join email 

dictionaryresourcesmenu toggle

why learn baby sign language resources for children with special needs sign language curriculum for teachers and homeschoolers local classes – signing time academy faqs more resources
blogmenu toggle

all blog posts baby signing time signing time rachel and the treeschoolers baby sign language signing time academy parenting articles our signing family
supportmenu toggle

my signing time digital account contact us awards privacy policy about us
 
















 
 

 
 















learn sign language now 



 learn sign language, early reading skills, science, manners, and more with emmy-nominated actress rachel coleman 






14-day free trial









 













safe, algorithm-free education: over 20 years, 200,000 families, and countless smiles 











  



no ads or algorithms 



-no ads-no suggested videos 



enjoy our library of learning videos without worrying about inappropriate ads or suggested videos. 







 



celebrating over two decades of excellence: 



-over 500 educational videos-trusted by over 250,000 families 



learn more than sign language. our videos teach reading, science, art, music and empathy. 






 



studies show that children who learn to sign: 



-have higher iq scores-read at an earlier age 



unlock your child’s limitless potential today!read more 








learn to sign in 5 minutes 






start signing!














featured on












 





 





 





 









 





 





 





 









 



 



baby signing time 



strengthen your connection with your child with baby signing time.perfect for ages 0-3. 






 



 



my signing time 



introduce your child to over 1,000 signs and learn how to put signs together.perfect for ages 4+. 







 



 



rachel & the treeschoolers 



teaches science through songs and signs! your child will explore scientific concepts and learn about teamwork, kindness and sharing.perfect for ages 2-8. 










 



baby signing time is designed to help babies communicate long before talking. this show helps reduce frustration when communicating with your baby. for ages 0-3. 






learn more









 



signing time is great for people of all ages to learn american sign language vocabulary. introduce your child to over 1,000 signs and learn how to put signs together in sentences. for ages 4 and up. 






learn more









 



rachel & the treeschoolers teaches science through songs and signs to kids ages 2-8. explore scientific concepts and social virtues of kindness, teamwork, persistence and sharing. 






learn more













 



exclusively on mysigningtime, rachel and some of her biggest “little” fans explore new and fun topics like rainbows, manners, feelings, and much more! click to see rachel & me – 14 days free! 






sign up!









 



potty time is a playful and positive approach to potty training. emmy-nominated host rachel coleman teaches through sign and song as she inspires children to use the potty. 






learn more









 



have fun as you take your asl to the next level! learn grammar, classifiers, non-manual signals, deaf culture, and more from many amazing asl instructors. sign it asl is great for tweens, teens, and adults. 






learn more


















 




basics 






 




dictionary 






 




flash cards 






 




wall carts 






 




products 











families love signing time 



















                flkittiefish326            












you could not imagine how much you child will learn from these. makes communication a lot less frustrating for you and your child. (got them for my daughter to use with my grandchild. it took her a little longer to get the signs than it took the baby, who was 15 months when they started learning together.) 










                jenifer            












love signing time. my son that is 2 1/2 has down syndrome and has learned so many sights from watching these videos. he loves that there are multiple factors helping him learn the signs. sounds, sight, simple explanations to remember them, the actual animals paired with other forms of learning keep his attention and teaches him perfectly. 










                dana johnston            












my almost 2 year old loves these videos and can say more words in sign than by talking. 










                amazon customer            












my 1 year old loves these videos! she will watch them over and over. and she learned the words so easy! 










                geri            












signing time is the best! my one year old loves it and can sign various signs already. all my 3 kids have watched it and learned so much. its so interactive, all the songs are great. if i need a little bit of time to get something done i don't feel bad about letting my littlest one watch signing time. 










                amazon customer            












i love these videos. it makes learning signing fun and engaging through the infusion of music and vibrant visuals. 










                darlene a. jones            












i like the simplicity of it and my 4 year old grandson with autism loved it!!! 

























still not sure? 






learn your first 5 signs now











watch from anywhere
 



your favorite videos, available wherever you want. over 100.000 downloads on google play. 



 









 







 









available on 







 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 







subscribe now to access my singing time app where you go 









start today 







start your subscription now to access over 500+ videos, flashcards, sign language dictionary and many more products 







 













learn more about signing time 








 









 





 





 





 









 





 





 





 













learn sign language now  







monthly$9.99 



or 







yearly$99.99 



save $20 














14-day free trial







cancel any time during trial period 













 
faqs
contact us
about us
 

faqs
contact us
about us
 










 







 
 
© 2025 two little hands productions all rights reserved. 

















 







scroll to top





start typing and press enter to search



search …
















































