







vinyl renaissance - cricut explore review | die cutting crafting guide































skip to content


vinyl renaissance
cricut explore review | die cutting crafting guide





reasons to get a cricut 
 october 2, 2018october 2, 2018  vinyl-renaissance 


if you are someone that loves arts and crafts, you will want to purchase a cricut. in this article, we will discuss some of the reasons you want to purchase one.
reasons to purchase a cricut machine:
1. versatility
one of the main reasons you are going to want to purchase a cricut is because it can effectively cut fabrics. being able to cut fabric makes it a versatile machine that is going to allow you to do a variety of projects with. you will be able to cut all kinds of different fabrics with it as well. whether you want to cut thinner fabrics or thicker fabrics, you should be able to do all that and more with a cricut machine.
2. support
another reason you are going to want to consider getting this machine is that of the amount of support that it has. whether you have a problem with the machine itself or you are simply looking for design help, you will be able to get both. in fact, you can even leverage the design space which is a place where you will be able to both design and create projects for your machine which can help you get even more use out of your machine. whether you are someone that is capable of creating your own designs or not, you are going to be able to use this space to really get a lot of use out of your machine.
3. free projects
another big reason is that you don’t necessarily have to pay for every design project. in fact, it comes with 50 free ready to make projects that you are going to be able to use to get started with the machine. while you can buy additional projects, you are going to get a lot of use out of it without spending extra money.
4. save money
if you are someone that is looking to get into arts and crafts as a way to save money on different things like buying costumes, buying party supplies, and more, you will be able to do it with a cricut. because it opens up a lot of creative projects that you can complete on your own, it is going to allow you to save a good amount of money that you would otherwise have to spend on retail products.
overall, there is a lot of different use-cases for a machine like the cricut machine. not only is it going to allow you to open up your creativity and do things with it that you never thought possible, but it comes with a lot of versatility that will allow you to get a lot of use out of it. as an arts and crafts fanatic, you simply must buy a cricut machine. it offers so much value that you simply wouldn’t be able to get without one. not only is it going to save you time on projects, but it opens up the possibility of actually doing various projects that you wouldn’t be able to do without one.


 posted in uncategorized leave a comment on reasons to get a cricut 



what different vinyls are there? 
 october 2, 2018october 2, 2018  vinyl-renaissance 



you are ready to craft mugs, shirts, and other items using vinyl. there is just one small problem. which type do you use? after browsing all the wonderful products available online you probably feel more overwhelmed than anything else.
that’s normal. it turns out that there are many different types of vinyl out there. this article written by cutting machine reviews, will help explain what the basic types are so that you can get a better idea of which types to start using for your projects.
two basic types
the first and easiest thing to learn is that there are two essential types of vinyl heat transfer and adhesive. in these two categories, there are additional types and styles. there are a few questions you need to ask yourself in order to make the selection process easier.
what are you going to apply the vinyl to? what material is it, wood, glass or plastic? will the item need to be exposed to heat or water? is the application temporary or permanent?
right away, you will know if you need to get permanent or temporary vinyl. decorative items for a party may only need to be temporary but a mug or a phone case would need to be permanent. a mug would need to withstand a degree of heat, so the vinyl applied would need to be heat resistant.

experts in the vinyl application craft world suggest using heat transfer vinyl on wood. it is easier to apply and it actually looks pretty realistic when it is compared to painted wood. feel free to experiment on any of your first few projects by using removable vinyl. it gives you a chance to see how to apply it and how it feels when being affixed to different materials.
 
if a surface is capable of withstanding heat, heat transfer vinyl will be best. these surfaces include clothing or bags. if the surface is smooth and hard like mugs or mirrors are, adhesive vinyl will be fine.
aesthetically speaking, you have a wide berth when it comes to choosing the colors, patterns or textures. metallic vinyls are popular but so are glossy and matte.
finally, think about how often your finished product will be exposed to uv rays. if someone will be wearing a jacket you have made, you need to be aware that glossy products can last up to 10 years while metallic products only make it to about five.


 posted in uncategorized leave a comment on what different vinyls are there? 





				proudly powered by wordpress			  | 
				travel one theme by wen solutions.		




