




 millennium philadelphia eagles homepage 















so it finally begins, the 2011 season after a long nfl lockout and off we are towards what
everyone hopes is a super bowl championship. that is the only goal that this team should have
and if they fail, it will be a big disappointment. michael vick finally takes over as the 
franchise starting quarterback with such weapons as desean jackson, jeremy maclin, brent
celek and shady mccoy for starters. andy reid added such notable free agents as vince young
as the backup to vick and ronnie brown to backup mccoy. along with those two former pro bowl
players, the eagles also added 4 other pro bowlers too, including steve smith, jason babin,
cullen jenkins and the nfl's most wanted free agent in nnamdi asomugha. before free agency
even began, the eagles traded away kevin kolb to the cardinals for dominique rodgers-cromartie
and a 2012 second round draft pick. but is was asomugha that every nfl team truly coveted. he
along with drc and asante samuel make up the most potent and talented secondary in perhaps
nfl history. if 2nd round draft pick from 2010 in nate allen can regain his potential after
getting hurt last season, this secondary could produce 4 pro bowlers alone, not including
3 of the 4 defensive lineman to go along with the d-backs. you are talking about 7 all-stars
just on defense. the offense features these pro bowl players too: vick, jackson and peters.
this high-octane offense probably features these future pro bowl caliber players in mccoy,
maclin and celek too to go along with ronnie brown and steve smith, both all-stars themselves
and you are talking about 9 potential pro bowl players on offense and don't forget about vince
young. it was young who proclaimed this team the "dream team". the season still has to be played
but if the pre-season is any indication, it could be a season of dreams that end with the
ultimate prize, the super bowl.




thanks for coming to my eagles homepage and please tell others about the site. now in my 
12th season, it has been a blast keeping up with the team. you can also
support this site by shopping through my affiliats at college jersey and football fanatics.
i also sell a nfl music cd, which includes many old nfl fight songs and variety of nfl films
songs. and remember....  e-a-g-l-e-s eagles!! 












please help support this site by purchasing mlb or phillies items 




get the best classic fight songs mixed with nfl films music 










come visit bucks county's #1 sports bar 


  
you can listen to over 575 great college football fight songs

















