











ark alliance | home of the archival resource key (ark)





































































				ark alliance
			

			home of the archival resource key (ark)
			









          ark alliance
        







                home
                



                get started
                



                about arks
                



                community
                



                resources
                



                news
                







        ark alliance
      

archival resource keys (arks) serve as persistent identifiers, or stable,
trusted references for information objects. among other things, they aim to be
web addresses (urls) that don’t return 404 page not found errors. the ark
alliance is an open global community supporting the ark infrastructure on
behalf of research and scholarship.
end users, especially researchers, rely on arks for long term access to the
global scientific and cultural record. since 2001 some 8.2 billion arks
have been created by over 1450 organizations — libraries,
data centers, archives, museums, publishers, government agencies, and vendors.
arks are open, mainstream, non-paywalled, decentralized persistent identifiers
that you can start creating in under 48 hours. they identify anything digital,
physical, or abstract.








some things that have arks — an article, violin, genealogy, painting, book, sports photo, and plant specimen — assigned by the louvre, smithsonian institution, internet archive, california digital library, and familysearch.




arks are similar to dois, urns, and handles. all of them

were introduced over 24 years ago,
exist in large numbers (8.2 billion arks, 257 million dois,
etc.),
start with a string to identify the name assigning authority,
require the active updating of url redirects, and
support research and scholarship, appearing in the data citation index,
wikipedia, orcid.org profiles, etc.

in contrast, arks are cheaper, more flexible, and less centralized, letting you

create unlimited identifiers without paying for the right to do so,
add any kind of metadata, including no metadata,
append extensions and query strings during resolution,
link directly to an article, image, or spreadsheet that is immediately
usable by people and software without making them first stop at a landing
page, and
make millions of arks resolvable by managing just one ark, via a mechanism
called suffix passthrough.

to get started creating arks, please fill out this request form for your
organization. if you wish to get involved in the ark alliance, consider
joining one of its working groups.








working on the ark. from a 1401 manuscript page, illuminated by johannette ravenelle, that itself has an ark identifier: https://n2t.net/ark:/12148/btv1b8449691v/f29 (source gallica.bnf.fr, national library of france).


































					subscribe to our newsletter
				



					updated 07 february 2025
				



 rss
				



					contact us
				







					sitemap
				





 repository
				





 issues
				





 wiki docs
				







