


fugitive recovery network - national bail bond & bounty hunter industry website















 











fugitive recovery network (frn)
  





















homepage
agency directory
bail bond laws
most wanted
frn sales
frn forum





 




 

fugitive recovery network (frn)

provides services to national bail bond industry professionals - bail bondsman, bail enforcement, bounty hunters, fugitive apprehension, fugitive recovery, private investigators, skip tracer, and surety companies, agencies or agents.
frn was established in 2001, it is the original website to specialize in serving the needs of professionals in the bail bond industry. currently, it is still the only national industry website that permits professional industry members to collaborate with each online. further, the discussion forums, wanted section and agency directory provides for fast, efficient, and simple exchange of information.
frn information sections:
there are sections for bail enforcement books, bounty hunter schools, getting a business website, a frn email address and many other subjects of interest to bail bond industry professionals.  





bail bond & bounty hunter lawsstate laws that effect the bail bond and recovery industry through out the united states.
national directory of fugitive recovery agentslist of members - list your company in the directory. a great way to network.
fugitive recovery network's most wantedlist of member added fugitives - list your skip to get assistance finding them...
fugitive recovery network - discussion forumask questions and for assistance from others plus find out what is happening in the industry




 













.: premium member advertisement :.


bail enforcement apprehension response service   |  jason a powers
phone: 276-444-4232



type: recovery
bail enforcement services currently being offered in far southwestern virginia. hoping to expand virginia coverage and other states....[click profile for more details] 



3998 bull creek rd, grundy, virginia   24614
 




 





taylor vs. taintor - u.s. supreme court law:

in 1872, the u.s. supreme court case "taylor vs. taintor" gave bail enforcement agents nearly limitless power and authority when hunting down a subject. this means that a bounty hunter may enter their premise if needed to capture their wanted fugitive, whether it be on behalf of a financial institution, company or government authority.
state bail bond laws









           fugitive recovery network brief defintions:
          




bail bondsman:
           a bail bondsman is any person or corporation which will act as a surety and pledge money or property as bail for the appearance of a criminal defendant in court.
skip tracing:
           skip tracing is the electronic means of tracking down a suspect. the internet has become a powerful tool in the search for fugitives.
bail enforcement:
           a bail enforcement agent or fugitive recovery agent is an individual who is hired by a bail bond company to apprehend a subject who fails to appear in court "forfeiting their bond".
* a fugitive recovery or bail enforcement agent is often referred to as a "bounty hunter."
bounty hunter:
           a bounty hunter is an individual who captures fugitives ("hunting") for a monetary reward ("bounty"), for apprehending by law, if such laws exist. other names include bail agent, bail enforcement agent, bail officer, fugitive recovery agent, fugitive recovery officer, or bail fugitive recovery specialist.
           a bounty hunter can be defined as one who enforces bail, hired by a bail bond company or one who assists in the capture of a wanted fugitive from the governing authorities, including but not limited to police departments, the state, and fbi.





newest directory members




1247 unlimited bail bonds from hialeah, fl has joined the  florida agency directory


northeast fugitive recovery from brattleboro, vt has joined the  vermont agency directory


the american bounty hunter from tallahassee, fl has joined the  florida agency directory


a&a recovery & investigation inc dba a&a bail bonds from florida & se usa, fl has joined the  florida agency directory


vermont bail enforcement agency llc from barre, vt has joined the  vermont agency directory

 

directory updates




garcia private recovery agent from gilbert, az updated their arizona agency directory


rock bottom bail bonds from roseville, oh updated their ohio agency directory


jml recovery from delta, oh updated their ohio agency directory


3mc public safety solutions and fugitive recovery llc from leechburg, pa updated their pennsylvania agency directory


mississippi fugitive enforcement agency from escatawpa, ms updated their mississippi agency directory







bail bond directory | bail bond blog | pi database




fugitive recovery network:




 » frn directory login
 » frn forum login
 » frn webmail access
 » contact frn


 






no spam policy • privacy policy • terms & conditions • legal
copyright © 2001- 2025, fugitive recovery network, all rights reserved
design by phill cross and website hosting provided by cross web tech

