



the center for outcome measurement in brain injury












 
 


 








combi >>  home






 









the center for outcome measurement  in brain injury





welcome to the homepage of the center for outcome measurement in brain injury (combi), an online resource for those needing detailed information and support in regards to outcome measures for brain injuries. the measures included in the combi are commonly used in the field of brain injury rehabilitation and assessment. the combi is a collaborative project of 16 brain injury facilities or centers, most of them traumatic brain injury model systems (through grants funded by the national institute on disability and rehabilitation research). each center contributes information on one or more measures. 
for each measure there may be a syllabus and training information, rating forms, background information on validity and reliability, a reference list of published studies, and testing materials. a faq (frequently asked question) section is also being included, compiled from past training information and questions e-mailed to us. to find out which scales are currently featured in the combi, go to the scales page. there are currently more than 25 instruments featured on the combi.
getting around on the combi to find out which scales are currently featured in the combi, go to the scales page. 
to find out more about the combi and the organizations that work to make it successful, go to the background page.
to fill out our online survey, go to the survey page. 
to read current and back issues of our online newsletter, outcome oriented, go to the newsletter page.
 





new & noteworthy
june 2017 the ohio state university wexner medical center has published their findings on the test-retest reliability of all of the instruments used in the tbi model systems follow-up interview: a tbi model systems study. you can access the publication here.
for more information, please contact lead author dr. jennifer bogner, phd at


citation:
bogner, j.a., whiteneck, g.g., macdonald, j., juengst, s.b., brown, a.w., philippus, a.m., marwitz, j.h., lengenfelder, j., mellick, d., arenth, p., corrigan, j.d. (2017) test-retest reliability of traumatic brain injury outcome measures: a tbi model systems study. journal of head trauma rehabilitation, epub ahead of print.
 
may 2017 the rehabilitation research center at santa clara valley medical center has published their findings on depression and gender in persons with tbi: a tbi model systems study.you can access the publication here.
for more information, please contact lead author sarah lavoie at


citation:
lavoie, sarah, sechrist, samantha, quach, nhung, ehsanian, reza, duong, thao, gotlib, ian h., isaac, linda. (2017) depression in men and women one year following traumatic brain injury (tbi): a tbi model systems study. frontiers in psychology, 8, article 634.  





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                   the combi is a collaborative project coordinated by the rehabilitation research center at santa clara valley medical center. for additional information, please contact ben dirlikov at


 
 

 
 







 





 copyright © 1998-2012

home | background | scales | survey | newsletter






 

  
 funded (2007-2012) by the national institute on disability, independent living, and rehabilitation research.





