

indiana's premier outdoor information website - www.indianaoutfitters.com - indiana's online guide to outdoor recreation
































outfitters


trip 
        reports 


book 
        store


links


comments


about 
        the site

home









  


outdoor 
              resources:





rivers & streams


indiana 
              state parks & reservoirs


hoosier 
              natl forest


knobstone 
              trail


indiana 
              dunes
              national park


mountain 
              biking







stay 
        and play on the water at patoka lake marina & lodging







find peer-to-peer rv rentals throughout indiana







indiana rv rentals, dealers,camping







find cabin rentals throughout indiana





sign up to find out about outdoor updates, specials and events!
* required
email address: * 




email marketing by verticalresponse 

  
 


 






                welcome to indiana's premier outdoor information website!
                including a full indiana state park guide
 here 
                you can expect to find all the information that you will need 
                to plan your next trip, including:


 

- indiana state 
                      park guide (updated)
- detailed maps
- outfitter 
                      information
- weather information
- current river 
                      & lake levels
- trip reports 
                       


hiking at clifty falls state park 


 


 

                you're just two clicks away from a great destination, where you 
                can enjoy a variety of activities. start by clicking on one of 
                the outdoor resources listed in the light green bar to the left 
                (and below). then use our clickable maps of indiana to choose 
                the destination you're interested in.


indiana 
                    rivers & streams
indiana 
                    state parks & reservoirs


hoosier 
                    national forest
knobstone 
                    trail


indiana 
                    dunes national park
mountain 
                    biking trails


don't 
                forget  to check 
                out our outfitters section. 
                it shows statewide where you can rent most anything you might 
                need (canoes & kayaks, campsites, cabins, power boats, etc.), so you don't have to spend a fortune on gear to enjoy indiana's 
                outdoor recreation opportunities.
there's 
                no need to look anywhere else. indiana's online outdoor recreation 
                guide has everything you need to plan an outdoor adventure 
                in this beautiful state. (there really is a lot to do and see 
                in indiana.)
here are 
                some other sites to help you plan trips in indiana:


state 
                park web sites:


easily plan a trip to pokagon state park in indiana! this site has detailed info about the inn, cabins, camping, the toboggan run, enjoying lake james, and much more.
tons 
                    of info on brown county state park in indiana! find out 
                    about cabins, the inn, camping and rentals. you will find pictures 
                    of everything.
discover beautiful clifty falls state park in indiana with this information-packed website. learn about the inn, waterfalls, hiking trails, nearby lodging plus more, and plan a trip there with ease.
a 
                    website solely focused on mccormick's creek state park in indiana. find out more about and see photos of reservable 
                    shelter houses, cabins, recreation center, nature center, and 
                    much more.
a 
                    great site focused on turkey run state park in indiana. 
                    find information about the inn, family cabins, canoe rentals 
                    and more. you will find maps for everything.
find out all about spring mill state park in indiana, including information on the inn, camping, area lodging, pioneer village, gus grissom memorial, caves, lake,  and much more.
a site all about white river state park, the urban cultural park featuring museums, attractions, green spaces, fun rentals and trails in downtown indianapolis.
find out all about patoka lake, indiana's second largest reservoir. patoka lake abounds with natural beauty and wonderous wildlife. plus, you can enjoy all kinds of outdoor recreation opportunities there.


river 
              web sites:


at 
                  wabashriver.us you can see pictures and google 
                  maps of access points on the wabash river from huntington to 
                  the confluence with the ohio river.
a 
                  website designed to help you enjoy recreation on wildcat 
                  creek in indiana, flowing from greentown (east of kokomo) 
                  west to lafayette, where it joins with the wabash river.
an 
                  incredibly detailed website all about fall creek in indiana, 
                  flowing southwest from pendleton to indianapolis - find information 
                  for the access points, river segments, current river flow and 
                  more, including lots of pictures.




tourism/rental 
                  web sites:



find 
                    out about all kinds of cabins for rent throughout the state 
                    at indianacabinrentals.com

                    or
find a wide variety of cabin rentals throughout indiana at cabinrentalsindiana.com
or                    
find 
                    cabin rentals in the patoka lake area at patokalakecabinrentals.com
                    or
find cabin rentals with hot tubs, for large groups,  pet friendly, and more at browncountycabinrental.com 


find lots of fun things to do and easily plan a trip to french lick in southern indiana near patoka lake.
quickly 
                    find out how to plan a visit to an indiana winery. indiana 
                    wines are available at over 100 indiana wineries, including 
                    oliver winery.
find 
                    out about indiana rv rental dealers, indiana rv 
                    sales and indiana camping at indianarving.com! 
                     
find peer-to-peer rv rentals throughout indiana at indianarvrentals.com.
find 
                    info about all kinds of attractions and places to stay throughout the state at visitindiana.net! 








relax 
                and go have some fun!









© 
        copyright 2000-2024 the 
        technological edge, inc.



this website 
                    contains some information obtained from the indiana dnr and other 
                    government agencies controlling the described outdoor resources. 
                    however, this site is not sponsored by the state, any parks, or 
                    any other government agency.


 


 



















 






