used cars for sale | pre-owned cars, trucks and suvs at usedcars.com
closeused carscertified pre-ownedtrade-in / sell my carcar advicebest carsbest carsbest carstop 10 carsresearch cars© 2025 autoweb, inc. all rights reserved.some content provided by and under copyright by autodata, inc. dba chrome data. © 1986-2025.rediscover the roadselect a makeall makesmakeselect a modelall modelsmodeldistance25 miles50 miles100 miles250 miles500 milesdistancezip codeenter a valid zip codesearchexplore body typesconvertiblescoupeshatchbacksminivanssedanssuvstrucksvanswagonsready to sell your car?let's find its perfect match!sell my car best cars & top 10stop 10 used luxury sedansbest used suvs10 best used suvs for college read article best used cars10 good used hatchbacksread article best fuel economy10 best used cars that get 40 mpgread article best fuel economy10 used suvs with the best mpgread article show more listresearch top car brandsfordchevrolettoyotahyundaijeephondashow all brandsshop used cars your waybrowse by typebrowse by brandbrowse by yearbrowse by monthly paymentsbrowse by top citiesused car buying tips & advicebuyinghonda civic vs. toyota corolla: which is the better used option?read article tips9 tips for first-time used car buyersread article buyingpros and cons of buying a used hybridread article buyinghow much do ev batteries cost?read article show more tips & advicewhy shop with us?some people always prefer to buy a new car. but as we’ll discuss below, buying used cars has many valuable advantages.first of all, as you already know, used cars nearly always cost less than new cars. even if a car is still in pristine condition, its value falls once it has already had an owner. that’s a great way to pay less or get a higher tier of car for your money.or, if you’re looking for a real bargain, you can find used cars at prices that no new car can touch. as of 2022, the cheapest brand-new car costs more than $15,000. many used cars cost a fraction of that sum. note that our listings on usedcars.com include carfax value estimates, which tell you whether a used car for sale is listed at a fair price given its make and model, age, mileage, features, and condition.another advantage is availability. these days, getting your hands on many new cars has meant enduring months-long waiting lists. when a used car is for sale, you can just take it home. that’s an essential benefit if you need transportation today, not in seven months. buying used cars also gives you access to great makes and models that are no longer on sale new.used cars are also friendlier to the environment. that’s because they’ve already been manufactured and shipped, which are energy-intensive, polluting processes. when you take home a used car, that’s a negligible environmental impact.some people worry about the condition of a used car they’re buying. but there are valuable tools that can ease those concerns.first of all, many used cars are available with warranties. some have third-party warranties purchased by the seller. some have manufacturer warranties under a “certified pre-owned” program, which also involves reconditioning a used car to strict manufacturer standards. and lightly used cars can still fall under the original manufacturer warranty.secondly, our listings provide access to carfax vehicle history reports. these reports include a car’s service records, registration data, and damage repairs. you’ll see if this car was rebuilt after a collision, which would reduce its value due to a higher risk of reliability defects. and you’ll see if it was meticulously maintained, which is an encouraging sign that you’re not buying a lemon.get started with your used car search today and find the bargain you’ve been waiting for!read moreread lessproductsearch bytrade-in or sellcar advicebest carsresearch carscompanyabout usedcars.comcontact usadvertise with usresourcescalculatorscontributorssitemaplegalterms of useprivacy policyfraud awarenessdo not sell my informationlimit the use of sensitive personal informationcookie policyquick searchesused cars for saletrucks for sale near mecars under $10,000used trucks under $10,000© 2025 autoweb, inc. all rights reserved.some content provided by and under copyright by autodata, inc. dba chrome data. © 1986-2025.