nkf serving southern california and nevada | national kidney foundation skip to main content      clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancysearchmember loginrecursos en españoldonate nkf mega menu search results clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancy     member login     recursos en español  kidney health       kidney health kidney topics news & stories assess your kidney health diet & nutrition featured topics  chronic kidney disease (ckd)   estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr)   stages of chronic kidney disease (ckd)   tests to check your kidney health   understanding your lab values and other ckd health numbers  see all kidney topicsbrowse by category  diet and nutrition   diseases and conditions   prevention, daily life, and wellbeing   tests and procedures   treatments and therapies  image hot topics in kidney health podcasttune in for the latest research and perspectives on kidney health from nkf.   related news & stories new administration, new policies: what it means for kidney patientscelebrate love with a kidney-healthy valentine’s day dinnerhow nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’s  see all news & stories browse by type  prevention & awareness   patient education   patient stories   advocacy  see all news & stories image how nkf's digital marketing director became an altruistic kidney donorhear how nkf's very own marketing director, dan emerson, chose to give the gift of life to a stranger.  image nkf patient journeyanswer a few questions and we will provide you with information about your kidney health.image ckd basics courselearn about the basics of kidney disease, how it is measured, and what happens if you have kidney failure.image know your riskanswer a few simple questions to find out if you are one of the 33% of adults in the u.s. who is at risk for kidney disease.featured topics  nutrition and kidney disease, stages 1-5 (not on dialysis)   phosphorus and your diet   potassium in your ckd diet   ckd diet: how much protein is the right amount?   sodium and your ckd diet: how to spice up your cooking  see all diet & nutrition topics tools & resourcesimage recipe findernutrition is key to managing kidney disease and your overall healthimage find a dietitianlooking for guidance on a kidney-friendly diet? find a dietitian in your area. image nutritionyour home for resources on eating with kidney disease or to care for your overall kidney health.    treatment & support       treatment & support dialysis transplant clinical trials healthcare resources wellness community connection featured topics  dialysis   hemodialysis   home hemodialysis   peritoneal dialysis   depression and dialysis  see all dialysis topics related news & stories the complete guide to home hemodialysis: benefits, challenges, and tipshow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplantkicking it in dialysis: sneakers as symbols of hope and healingdealing with dialysis: music and art therapy  see all news & stories  image do you need support?nkf peers is a program where kidney patients, living donors, or care partners can connect over the phone with a trained mentor. featured topics  kidney transplant   xenotransplantation   the kidney transplant waitlist   care after kidney transplant  see all transplant topics related news & stories how nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’strailblazers in kidney care: dr. samuel l. kountzhow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplant  see all news & stories  image kidney transplantation resourcesconsidering a kidney transplant? we’ll help you get started. featured topics  clinical trials   are clinical trials safe?   finding out more about clinical trials   kidney disease clinical trial directory   who can participate in a clinical trial  see all clinical trial topics related news & stories basic science, clinical research, and kidney disease treatmentskidney disease clinical trials: are they right for you?important research findings presented during national kidney foundation’s annual spring clinical meetings 2019 national young investigators forum winners  see all news & stories image join the kidneycare studyadvance kidney research by sharing your experience living with kidney disease.image impact patient-centered researchkidney research connect matches you with research projects based on your connection to kidney disease. image insuranceinsurance doesn’t have to be overwhelming. learn about insurance options and choosing a plan that is right for you.  image coping and self-careimplementing coping strategies and practicing self-care are essential components in effectively managing illness and promoting overall health and well-being.  image vaccine informationas a dialysis patient or transplant recipient you may be wondering — are vaccines safe for me? do i need them?  image nutritionlearn about a kidney-friendly diet, so you can stay healthy with kidney disease whether you are at home or dining out.  image exerciseexercise is important for everyone, especially for people with kidney disease.  image sexual healthkidney disease can affect your sexuality in many ways — from hormones, nerves, energy levels, even medicine. image nkf caresoffering support for people affected by kidney disease, organ donation, or transplantation.image local and national eventsattend a national kidney foundation event close to you.image nkf peerswhere kidney patients are connected with trained mentors who have been there themselves.image become a patient advocateadd your voice to voices for kidney health.image online communitieswhere patients and caregivers can share experiences, ask questions, and get answers.image patient storiesread empowering stories from patients and their loved ones.   transplantation       transplantation receiving a kidney transplant donating a kidney featured topics  kidney transplant   the kidney transplant waitlist   getting a kidney transplant   getting a living donor kidney transplant   life with a kidney transplant  see all transplantation topicsimage find a transplant workshopjoin us at a live event near you to learn more with the big ask, the big give.image learn more about kidney transplantdive deep with videos and patient stories in the kidney learning center. image resources & get involvedget connected for support on your transplant journey. featured topics  becoming a living donor   making the decision to donate   living donor evaluation   financial and insurance issues   what to expect after donation  see all kidney donation topicsimage learn more about living donationdive deep with videos and donor stories in the kidney learning center.image ready to take the next step?get started with information on how to connect with a transplant center. image resources & get involvedget connected with others who have donated a kidney.    for professionals       for professionals professional membership continuing education research ckdintercept kidney disease outcomes quality initiative (kdoqi) apps & tools image become a memberlearn more about all the benefits a nkf membership can provide.image fellowship of the national kidney foundationfnkf recognizes professionals for service to nkf.image member loginwe are multidisciplinary. we are clinicians and researchers. we are advocates.image nsw-cthe first national credentialed classification for nephrology social work.image access to nkf journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephology.image nkf professional councilsrepresentative bodies of nkf's professional membership.image professional education resource centercme/ce courses designed for professionals committed to improving patient outcomes.image life as a nephrology professional podcastexploring innovation and research in nephrology.image spring clinical meetingsnkf’s premiere educational event for the interprofessional kidney health team.image kidney commute podcastproviding connection through education and serving as an innovative opportunity to fulfill ce requirements. fundingimage grantsaccess information on available grants and open applications.image nkf innovation fundlearn about our game changing impact investment initiative. latest researchimage research spotlightsee how researchers are making strides in the fight against kidney disease.image nkf’s family of journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephrology. image find patient participants for your researchfind resources to connect you with patients and data for your research. what is ckdintercept? what is ckdintercept?a groundbreaking initiative from the national kidney foundation to improve chronic kidney disease (ckd) testing, recognition, and management in primary care.image learn more about ckdinterceptonly 10% of people living with ckd are aware that they have ckd.image ckdintercept national overviewnkf and partners will develop local road maps to drive a cultural shift in primary care.image ckd change packagea systematic approach to transform ckd care, advance health equity, and improve health care quality.what is kdoqi? what is kdoqi?kdoqi (kidney disease outcomes quality initiative) is world renowned for improving the diagnosis and treatment of kidney disease, these guidelines have changed the practices of healthcare professionals and improved thousands of lives.tools & resources  guidelines and commentaries   guideline development process   patient centered quality measures  learn more about kdoqiimage vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.featured printable tools  ckd heat map   kidney disease stages   nephrotic syndrome   phosphorus for dialysis patients   ckd change package  see all clinician toolsimage egfr calculatoruse our gfr calculators to estimate gfr for adults or children.image h2overload: fluid control for heart-kidney healthdesigned for people who need to limit their fluid intake.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.image vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.   get involved       get involved   advocate   give   become a partner   attend   volunteer   fundraise   participate in research   more ways to get involved    about nkf       about nkf   diversity, equity, inclusion   press room   kidney equity for all   careers   nkf leadership   contact us   local offices   kidney disease: fact sheet     breadcrumb home nkf offices nkf serving southern california and nevada nkf serving southern california and nevada  back to top    california firesfor resources and other assistance related to the fires in california, please see our emergency resources pageprofessional programsdesigned for professionals committed to continuing their education and improving patient outcomes, the professional education resource center (perc) offers activities courses, events and other engaging content on an array of carefully selected topics given by renowned faculty. nkf southern california medical symposiumprofessional conference: friday, february 28, 2025the national kidney foundation's southern california medical symposium is a day-long event designed to bring you together with peers and leading experts in the field. gain valuable insights on the latest advancements in clinical practice, emerging cultural trends impacting kidney care, and cutting-edge research findings. this annual gathering is not just about education – it's about community. we'll be fostering a space for collaboration, shared experiences, and the exchange of inspiring perspectives with the theme "future forward with health equity: the evolution of nephrology. what to expect:expert presentations on the most up-to-date clinical practicesengaging discussions on cultural factors influencing kidney healthcareupdates on the latest research impacting patient careopportunities to network with colleagues and patientscan't join us in person? no problem! register to receive on-demand access to the recorded sessions available just two weeks after the live program. earn the full 4.5 ce/cme credits at your own convenience.don't miss this chance to elevate your knowledge, enhance your practice, and strengthen your network!  register online  understanding disparities and investigating the leaks along the kidney transplant pipelineprofessional program: wednesday, march 26, 2025join us for this session in the navigating transplant: a guide to empowering your patients series, focused on the power of collaboration between dialysis clinic professionals and kidney transplant teams. this session highlights the critical role of effective communication in supporting patients through the kidney transplant journey. by knowing the disparities that exist, where things can falter and how to address those challenges, professionals can help ensure timely referrals, shared knowledge, and a patient-centered approach, ultimately improving transplant outcomes. by strengthening dialysis-transplant professional partnerships you will be able to more effectively support and empower your patients on their path to kidney transplant.this virtual session will take place on zoom on mar. 26, 2025 at 12pm pt / 2pm ct / 3pm et  register online upcoming eventswe regularly host webinars for patients and caregivers as well as signature events like the kidney walk and authors luncheon. give back to the local kidney community by attending, supporting, and fundraising with us.  2025 southern california kidney walkevent date and location coming soon!the 2025 southern california kidney walk is a community event bringing together patients, caregivers, professionals, and volunteers, and is a wonderful opportunity to fundraise alongside friends, family, and peers.  registration is open.  stay tuned for more details including date and location.  here are photos from the 2024 southern california kidney walk at marina green park in long beach, ca.   view the walk album   register for the 2025 socal walk kidney community resourcesto keep the kidney community up to date with crucial information, we've provided resources about dialysis, transplant, palliative care, and other ways to connect and support. life after transplant - a webinar for the kidney communitymarch 4, 2025, 12pm pt (via zoom)join us for a virtual education session for the kidney community. learn about life after receiving a kidney transplant - what to expect, managing your medications, understanding the risks, sexual health/ pregnancy, and more.  target audience: all are welcome including kidney transplant recipients, people waiting for a transplant, care partners, social workers, anyone wanting to learn about life after a kidney transplanthave questions for our speaker?  email them and other inquiries to doris.lew@kidney.org.  register to receive zoom link.  can't make the session? everyone who registers will receive a link to the recording of the webinar.  register here nkf caresour patient information help line, nkf cares, offers support for people affected by kidney disease, organ donation or transplantation. it's designed just for patients, family members and care partners. speak with a trained specialist who will answer your questions and listen to your concerns.en españolreach the help linenkf peersnkf peers is a program where kidney patients, living donors, or care partners can connect over the phone with a trained mentor. mentors are people who have been there themselves and can help others by sharing their experiences.en españolmatch with a peerkidney carsdonate your vehicle! call 800.488.cars (800.488.2277), schedule your pickup, and receive a tax receipt for your donation. we make donating easy. complete the online form to start your donation. kidney cars turns your ride into a vehicle for change.donate onlinevolunteernkf volunteers are essential to local events! they help educate fellow kidney patients, support programs, and advocate for improvements that directly impact our community. volunteer online local support groupssaddleback kidney disease support group (zoom meetings)based in orange county, this group meets virtually on the second saturday of the month and the fourth monday of the month. for more information, please contact helen mills, support group leader, at helpforkidneypatients@gmail.com or 949.412.3210 valley renal support group (zoom meetings)based in tulare county, this group meets virtually and in-person the second tuesday of each month from 7-8pm pt. for more information, please contact jennifer mcclung, support group leader at meow.2000@yahoo.com.  all are welcome.   sponsor nkf programs & eventspartner with the national kidney foundation serving southern california and nevada. sponsorship opportunities include signature events like the kidney walk and authors luncheon, patient & community education programs, medical professional education programs, health equity initiatives, and workplace engagement & wellness programs. learn more about available partnerships: 2025 nkf west coast sponsorship opportunitieslocal office20929 ventura blvd., ste. 47-216woodland hills, ca 91364united statesemail: nkfsca@kidney.orgphone: 818.783.8153toll free: 800.747.5527google maplocal staff & boardupcoming events nkf southern california medical symposium 2025feb 28, 2025 10:00 am to feb 28, 2025 07:00 pmvirtual eventregister nowunderstanding disparities and investigating the leaks along the kidney transplant pipelinemar 26, 2025 12:00 pm virtual eventregister now     quick links about us careers contact us national partners our store press room  recursos en español connect with usget emails from nkf  first name*    last name*    email*   - primary connection to kidney disease -i am at risk for kidney diseasei am a kidney patienti am a family/friend of a kidney patienti am a healthcare professionali am a care partner of a kidney patienti am a living kidney donori am considering becoming a living kidney donori have lost someone to kidney diseasei am a family member/friend of a deceased organ donorother - type of connection to kidney disease -i have ckd stage 1 or 2i have ckd stage 3i have ckd stage 4 or 5 and not on dialysisi am unsure what stage of kidney disease i am ina family member/friend is at risk for kidney diseasei am on dialysisi am a transplant recipienta family member/friend has ckd 1 or 2a family member/friend has ckd 3a family member/friend has ckd 4 or 5 and is not on dialysisa family member/friend is on dialysisa family member/friend is a transplant recipienta family member/friend is a living donori have kidney cancera family member/friend has kidney canceri have kidney stonesa family member/friend has kidney stonesa family member/friend is a deceased patient - cause of ckd -acute kidney injuryage-relatedalport syndromeapol1-mediated kidney diseaseblood pressure/hypertensionc3g (complement 3 glomerulopathy)cause was not foundcongenitalcontract induced nephropathydiabetes & high blood pressure/hypertensiondiabetes type 1diabetes type 2fabry diseasefsgs (focal segmental glomerulosclerosis)glomerulonephritisgoodpasture's syndromehiv/aidsiga nephropathykidney cancerkidney stoneslithiumlupus nephritismembranoproliferative glomerulonephritismembranous nephropathyminimal change diseasensaidspolycystic kidney diseaseprimary distal renal tubular acidosisurinary tract infectionsi'm not sureother - transplant type -deceased donorliving donor - living donor type -directednon directed - dialysis type -hemodialysishome hemodialysisnocturnal hemodialysisperitoneali do not know what type of dialysis - professional category -clinical nurse specialistcommunity health workerdietitianfellownursenurse practitionerpharmacistphysicianphysician assistantresidentscientistsocial workerstudenttechnicianother - subspecialty -behavioral/mental healthcardiologyckdcommunity healthdermatologydiabetes educatordialysisemergency medicineendocrinologyfamily medicinegastroenterologygeriatricshome dialysisinfectious diseaseinternal medicineliving donationliving donor advocatenephrologynutritionob/gynoncologypediatricspre-esrdprimary careradiologyresearchrheumatologytransplanttransplant coordinatortransplant surgeonurologyvascular accessvascular access surgeonother  leave this field blank  give to nkfcontribute to our mission with a general, memorial, or honor donation.donateneed help? call nkf cares855.nkf.cares (855.653.2273)m–f 9:00am – 7:00pm30 east 33rd street, new york, ny 10016© 2025 national kidney foundation, inc.sub footer menu legal & copyright privacy policy state fundraising notices footer social media links twitter facebook instagram linkedin  tik tok youtube 