


































































the news herald | breaking news | | read morganton, nc and burke county breaking news. get latest news, events and information on north carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















29°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & region



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoon




sports


high school



college



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



contests



games & puzzles



comics



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith 



sponsored content



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



the news herald archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









29°
cloudy
























        
        
            weather forecast pushes back high school basketball playoffs seeding and state wrestling tournament

the nchsaa’s individual wrestling state championships now will take place from saturday through monday.

















        
        
            burke county public schools to take snow day on wednesday due to weather forecast

the school system said it is watching the forecast to make a decision on holding school on thursday.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            at burke county animal shelter, dogs twinkle and star are two sisters looking for a home

see the pets of the week available to adopt in burke county.

















        
        
            burke county hopes to open an addiction treatment facility to combat opioid addiction

commissioners appointed an 11-member county opioid advisory committee.

















        
        
            new 1.3 mile trail in burke county has 2 overlooks with views of south mountains

"foothills conservancy has done amazing work on so many levels for some time now," said david benner, son of the trail's namesake bob benner.

















        
        
            burke u.s. rep. tim moore: office opening in morganton, helene recovery remains top priority

"i'm new as your congressman, but this is not new, trying to work closely with burke county to help out," said u.s. rep. tim moore.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest


















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.





















        
        
            morganton neighbors: obituaries for february 8

read through the obituaries published today in the morganton news herald. 





















        
        
            morganton neighbors: obituaries for february 7

read through the obituaries published today in the morganton news herald. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.




















        
        
            hunter and haggerty lead no. 21 memphis to 90-62 win at florida atlantic

boca raton, fla. — tyrese hunter scored 20 points and pj haggerty added 19 as no. 21 memphis beat florida atlantic 90-62 on thursday night in the american athletic conference opener for both teams.




















        
        
            saturday's bowl games

orlando, fla. — it was a season of iowa state comebacks. and fittingly, that’s how it ended for the cyclones.




















        
        
            horvath's 95-yard td helps run navy past oklahoma

fort worth, texas — blake horvath set a navy record with a 95-yard touchdown run and then scored a go-ahead 6-yarder with 4:34 left as the midshipmen overcame an early two-touchdown deficit and stopped a late 2-point conversion attempt to beat oklahoma 21-20 in the armed forces bowl on friday.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            the emotional impact of ai relationships in north carolina: a psychological perspective

affiliate content. explore the emotional impact of ai relationships in north carolina through a psychological lens, examining their effects on connection, intimacy, and mental health.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            fear of white coats: how to overcome iatrophobia, a fear of doctors

get healthy. it’s common to be nervous before a doctor’s appointment. but having a phobia means much more than general anxiety. here are a few signs that point to iatrophobia.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            exodus works



                                        610 4th st sw, hickory, nc 28602
                                    






















        
        
            the joan k. everett company



                                        110 n center st, hickory, nc 28601
                                    






















        
        
            ncps



                                        5171 glenwood ave. suite 486, raleigh, nc 27612
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















services





        
        
            sossoman's funeral home (retail)
























services





        
        
            heritage funeral home, valdese
























healthcare





        
        
            emergeortho foothills region
























services





        
        
            sossoman's funeral home (retail)
























services





        
        
            sossoman's funeral home (retail)
























services





        
        
            sossoman's funeral home (retail)







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the morganton news herald, po box 280 morganton, nc 28680
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























