



home - a-plus community solutions corporate website



























a-pluscommunity solutions






home

about


company profile


company highlights


history


mission & strategy



our team

our innovations


adaptive electric architecture© (aea)


the traditional problem


the aea™ solution


competitive alternatives




converged broadband infrastructure© (cbi)


the broadband problem


the cbi™ solution


cbi™ business model


competitive alternatives


60 times faster




insight case management suite™ (icms)


insight learning management suite™ (ilms)


public-private-partnerships


e3 coe (center of excellence)



our services

careers

contact us
 








































future proof community &infrastructure innovations

identifying systemic problems and developing agile solutions










what’s behind the “tag line” identifying systemic problems and designing agile solutions. click on the about button above to get a peek into what sets us apart.











contact us


























welcome to a-plus community solutionswho we are

our team of professionals has over 145 years of collective knowledge and expertise, giving us a unique advantage in developing comprehensive solutions for companies across a broad range of industries. we deliver results-oriented and cost-effective software, hardware, and system architectural solutions to help businesses maximize revenue, minimize operational expenses, develop new profit centers, and modernize business processes for exponential growth.

more info











 why choose us

we don’t clutter our communication with consultant-speak designed to make your issues appear more complex than they really are. we prefer to keep our language and solutions friendly, simple, and effective.









we’re experiencedwe are experienced professionals who will not only meet but exceed your expectations.







we are flexiblebecause we are a small firm, we’re also responsive, flexible, agile, and client-oriented.








we are effectivewe are reliable and our focus is on your success before our work is complete.









we are cost-effectivewe adapt as your needs change, with the cost-effectiveness that larger firms just can’t match.











explore our site










and contact us






contact us








 our leadership









antoine smithchairman & ceo antoine is an experienced consultant with more than 25 years of experience in executive management, leadership, and financial business consulting for multiple companies. antoine has served as the entrepreneur in residence to a  major university, and an advisor to multiple ceos resulting in up to 5 times the growth of their companies.







larry j. morrowfounder & chief innovation officer larry is a distinguished veteran with 24 years of service to our country. larry continued his service as an educator, university researcher, and innovator with multiple patent-pending discoveries in the telecommunications and electric utility sectors. his innovative firsts have been instrumental in changing the economic future of several small to medium-sized communities, both in the united states and internationally.








david cochransenior vp & chief solutions architect sadly we lost david after a many-year battle with his health. his picture and accomplishments will remain with us forever as the solutions that he spearheaded are among the most innovative and solutions-oriented within our portfolio of offerings. we will miss david and his contributions as we search for his replacement as the architecture of solutions are at the core of our business strategy.

















a-plus community solutions, inc

we are not a true consulting firm. a-plus is a community private partner that brings innovations and investment with a goal to create a true win-win while solving our community partner's most critical infrastructure and economic challenges. teamwork makes the dream work and together, we create enduring change with positive and measurable results.





















useful links

about what we docontact usour team


contact us

corporate offices hq: 704-765-2183ga: 678-534-832fax: 801-843-8032








copyright © 2023 privacy policy





















antoine smithceo +16785348326 ext 101 



 


this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. 


got it



 




