



talkleft: the politics of crime





















wednesday :: january 29, 2025

robert kennedy confirmation hearing

by jeralyn, section trump administration
posted on wed jan 29, 2025 at 11:15:51 am est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



republicans are throwing easy questions at robert kennedy. i am watching the hearing. i guess i've never heard him speak before. he has a condition called spasmodic dysphona.
elizabeth warren and bernie sanders are putting him on the spot as to whether he'll forego taking a cut of lawsuits suing over vaccines, whether he believes medical care is a human right, whether he supports a right to choose. 
caroline kennedy and another relative of kennedy's wrote scathing letters to congress urging he not be confirmed.
(36 comments) permalink :: comments 




monday :: january 20, 2025

trump's inauguration: open thread

by jeralyn, section elections 2024
posted on mon jan 20, 2025 at 02:49:18 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



trump 2 begins today. elon musk is so excited. he spoke to trump supporters about optimism and how much they are going to accomplish.
melania is hiding her face with a black hat going for a mysterious look. either that or she's hiding a black eye.
the white house website has already been scrubbed of biden. it's all trump now.
trump seems to have delegated an enormous amount of power in stephen miller. miller moved his family to florida, got office space and chose his own group of lawyers to vet the executive orders he's been salivating for the past four years. he's keeping them tightly under wrap until the moment trump wants them to drop. [more...]
(137 comments, 492 words in story) there's more :: permalink :: comments 






biden pardons family members and scores of others

by jeralyn, section elections 2020
posted on mon jan 20, 2025 at 02:18:51 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



on his final day of office, president biden issued scores of pardons to family members, congresspersons (liz cheney), anthony faucci, and others who have been threatened or targeted by donald trump.
trump made a slew of threats before the election. he hasn't stopped. biden today said:
“my family has been subjected to unrelenting attacks and threats, motivated solely by a desire to hurt me—the worst kind of partisan politics. unfortunately, i have no reason to believe these attacks will end,” biden said in a statement released as the inauguration ceremony was underway at the us capitol. 
biden stressed that those receiving pardons had not done anything wrong.
(3 comments) permalink :: comments 




friday :: january 10, 2025

los angeles fires: "apocalyptic destruction"

by jeralyn, section disasters
posted on fri jan 10, 2025 at 03:33:56 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



los angeles continues to burn. (wsj, free link). i hope the insurance companies have enough money to pay all the homeowner and  commercial claims. the damage is devastating:
economic losses from the blazes have been estimated at tens of billions of dollars. tens of thousands of people were displaced, roughly 33,000 acres were aflame and more than 200,000 were without power across the wider los angeles area. more than 360,000 people are under mandatory evacuation orders, said robert fenton, jr., a regional administrator at the federal emergency management agency.
[more...]
(22 comments, 280 words in story) there's more :: permalink :: comments 






felon donald trump sentenced to unconditional discharge

by jeralyn, section defendant trump
posted on fri jan 10, 2025 at 02:22:59 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



donald trump was sentenced to an unconditional discharge in manhattan today, having been convicted of 34 felonies.
he avoids a fine, restitution, probation, home confinement and prison. but the felony convictions stand, unless overturned on appeal.
this is the first time in american history that a man who has been convicted of a felony will occupy a desk in the oval office. 
in only ten days, the carnival barker almost half of americans have come to hate will be back in that office. remember who put him there -- the people who voted for him. shorter version: the majority of american voters are off their rocker. they, as well as trump, are the problem. it will take a generation to reverse the damage he will inflict and the loss of prestige to america. 
(6 comments) permalink :: comments 




friday :: january 03, 2025

mike johnson re-elected house speaker (by a hair)

by jeralyn, section elections 2024
posted on fri jan 03, 2025 at 03:09:21 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



by a  vote of 218 to 215, republican mike johnson  beat democrat hakim jeffries for house speaker. there was some drama as it took a phone call from donald  trump to get two republicans  to change their  vote. (one person voted "other"). 
i tuned in to hear the end of jeffries' speech on you tube. 
he gave a flattering welcome  to johnson.  johnson then spoke and was gracious back to jeffries. . here's how johnson described their agenda: [more...] 
(63 comments, 864 words in story) there's more :: permalink :: comments 




wednesday :: january 01, 2025

utopias: a successful investment plan for cities' poorest hoods

by jeralyn, section social justice
posted on wed jan 01, 2025 at 04:40:07 pm est  
tags: social equity (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



starting the new year off with an inspirational article in the guardian about mexico city's mayor, clara brugada, and her successful strategy of building spaces called "utopias" in the poorest and most outskirt neighborhoods in the city.
not only have the utopias helped the poor, they have reduced crime, including murder. 
at bloomberg citylab, a conference on urban innovation in october, she told hundreds of fellow city leaders: “one of the great objectives we have is that the peripheries of mexico city are no longer synonymous with inequality and abandonment but that the peripheries are the new city centres.”
mayor brugada used the utopia built in iztapalapa, which is mexico city's poorest and most populated neighborhood, and her home town, as an example in the presentation. [more...] 
(2 comments, 653 words in story) there's more :: permalink :: comments 






happy new year: "buckle up" edition

by jeralyn, section blog related
posted on wed jan 01, 2025 at 01:09:28 am est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



 
happy new year to all! it is going to be a rough ride as long as donald trump has a desk in the oval office. but he doesn't affect everything. 
my interests have moved well beyond donald trump. in 2025, i'll be focusing more on news and cultural topics i find interesting or curious from outside the u.s. [more...]
(10 comments, 183 words in story) there's more :: permalink :: comments 




thursday :: december 12, 2024

pardons and open thread

by jeralyn, section blog related
posted on thu dec 12, 2024 at 07:50:32 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



i'm sorry i am so late with this new open thread. i had to get a few stitches in my eyebrow (don't ask!). anyway, i haven't seen the news other than a headline joe biden granted 1,500 pardons. i not only support them, whoever they are, i support hunter biden's pardon.
this is an open thread, all topics welcome. 
(94 comments) permalink :: comments 




tuesday :: november 05, 2024

election day jitters

by jeralyn, section elections 2024
posted on tue nov 05, 2024 at 02:33:11 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



i have them. i'm sure any rational person does, when considering the possibility, however slight, that donald trump, the most unfit person to run for president ever might win. trump keeps escalating his hate-filled attacks and doom and gloom characterizations of our nation. he is now mr. negativity.
make sure to vote. your vote counts. never believe that your vote is so small it wouldn't change a thing. it can and it will.
we get the government we elect. don't let donald trump bring the nation down, down, and down, until it's run into the ground. get up and vote. the dry  cleaners, bank and grocery store can wait until tomorrow. america can't.
my prediction: the polls are all wrong and kamala wins by a large margin in all but a few of the most hard-wired, radical-right states with the most under-informed and bitter voters.
 i'll be back tonight to cover the madness.
(206 comments) permalink :: comments 




wednesday :: october 30, 2024

wednesday open thread:  respect for puerto rico 

by jeralyn, section elections 2024
posted on wed oct 30, 2024 at 05:31:54 pm est  
tags: trump, puerto rico (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



reggaeton music artist nicky jam has rescinded his endorsement of donald trump as a result of the racist and degrading comments delivered by a comedian who performed at a recent trump campaign event,  particularly those targeting puerto rico and puerto ricans. 
nicky jam was one of the only reggaeton artists to support trump. he got a lot of heat from other musicians about it. he attended a trump rally in las vegas in september, where trump,  having no idea who  he was, introduced  him as a female telling the audience "she's hot." today, in rescinding his endorsement in this instagram video in spanish he said: (rough translation)
"the reason why i supported donald trump was because i thought it was the best thing for the economy in the united states, where many latinos live ... i thought it was the best move. never in my life did i think that a month later a comedian was going to come to criticize my country and talk bad about my country and therefore, i renounce any support to donald trump and that’s why i’m renouncing my support for donald trump and stepping away from any political conversation. puerto rico deserves respect.” he said.
puerto ricans can't vote in the u.s. presidential election, but they have a lot of weight with relatives and friends who can vote. nicky jam has 43 million followers on instagram. in 3 hours, the post had more than 85,000 likes.
also today, arnold schwarzenegger broke with republicans and said he's voting for kamala harris. [more...]
(108 comments, 458 words in story) there's more :: permalink :: comments 




friday :: october 25, 2024

wapo buckles to jeff bezos over kamala endorsement

by jeralyn, section elections 2024
posted on fri oct 25, 2024 at 10:25:00 pm est  
tags:  (all tags)

share this:
digg!





tweet



 the washington post has killed a planned editorial  endorsement of kamala harris for president. why? because post owner jeff bezos(who founded amazon to become one of the world's richest persons) opposed it.

an endorsement of harris had been drafted by post editorial page staffers but had yet to be published, according to two people who were briefed on the sequence of events and who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly. the decision to no longer publish presidential endorsements was made by the post’s owner, amazon founder jeff bezos, according to the same two people.
[more...]
(19 comments, 322 words in story) there's more :: permalink :: comments 




next 12 >>








entries with recent comments

[#]
donald from hawaii
trump's inauguration: open thread
posted on sun. at 07:36 am
[#]
ga6thdem
robert kennedy confirmation hearing
posted on sat. at 08:50 pm
[#]
sarcastic unnamed one
los angeles fires: "apocalyptic destruction"
posted on tue. at 07:40 pm
[#]
jack e lope
felon donald trump sentenced to...
posted on wed. at 03:49 pm
[#]
chuck0
biden pardons family members and scores of...
posted on tue. at 08:18 pm



recommended diaries
♦how did we get here? part one of an examination
foreword: this diary is the first in a series examining, inter alia, the political economy of the united states. much ofby jeffinalabama  
(2 comments)
♦the banks are made of marble
and banks want one thing: profits. it is easier to get a loan at a community bank or a credit union,by jeffinalabama  
(13 comments)
♦some weeks i ought to stay in bed...
two weeks of fun and excitement. or maybe not. two weeks of fighting the system, and, while not having success, atby jeffinalabama  
(25 comments)
♦getting bad news...
results are in. every portion of the prostate, lymph nodes around it, and possibly more spreading. looks like the aggressive type.by jeffinalabama  
(23 comments)




recent diaries
♦honored to be here, and legalization of pot progress-hurdles
by  lfrieling
(0 comments)
♦mr. president, the answer is 'no.'
by  jeffinalabama
(3 comments)
♦"the town"-not what it's cracked up to be:
by  mplo
(3 comments)
♦how i came to love west side story:
by  mplo
(4 comments)


  
more recent diaries




older entries
thursday october 24th
♦ open thread: every vote counts (62 comments)monday september 16th
♦ ryan routh:  caught by a license plate reader (194 comments)tuesday september 10th
♦ harris and trump debate: the three p's (186 comments)tuesday august 27th
♦ donald trump re-indicted in january 6 case (112 comments)thursday august 22nd
♦ kamala's night to shine (146 comments)wednesday august 21st
♦ dnc wednesday: oprah rocks the house (31 comments)tuesday august 6th
♦ who would pay $500k to host a dinner for donald trump in aspen?? (7 comments)
    ♦ kamala harris picks mn gov tim walz as running mate (156 comments)thursday august 1st
♦ 24 prisoners exchanged between russia and other countries (21 comments)
    ♦ thursday open thread (108 comments)
	older stories...



sections
colorado newscoronavirusdefendant trumpelections  2016elections 2012elections 2024economyreference docstrump administrationafghanistan 2009blog relatedcivil libertiesconstitutioncorruption casescourt decisionscrime in the newscrime policydeath penaltyterror detaineesdemocratic national convention 2008stored documents"el chapo" trialelectionselections 2006elections 2008elections 2020foreign affairshillary clintoninmates and prisonsinnocence casesjoe liebermanjudiciaryjuvenile offenderslaw relatedlegislationlewis libby trial coveragemediamilitary draftmisconductobama administrationoff topicolder categoriesold categoriesother politicstalkleft premiumsocial justiceterror trialsvalerie plame leak casewar in iraqwar on terror




"the pump don't work 'cause the vandals took the
          handles" 
          © 1965 bob dylan







 the online magazine with liberal
            coverage of crime-related political and injustice
            news

 menu

home |
              about |
              rss 
e-mail |
              comment
              policy |
              
            

 contribute to talkleft














other talkleft sites

talkleft backup site
marijuana laws
 talkleft forums (zimmerman)
 talkleft duke lacrosse forums  
 talkleft premium 


search

 


login

make a new 
account
existing users

username: 
password: 







 creator and principal author

jeralyn e. merritt


 tl alumni

 armando llorens  
 t.
              christopher kelly  
 john wesley hall  

 blog wires

memeorandum

 daily fixes

atrios/eschaton
crooks and liars
daily kos
digby
empty wheel
how appealing
instapundit
talking points memo
think progress

 blogs we like

5280 
 americablog 
balloon
              juice
 drug war rant 
 grits for breakfast 
kevin drum (mojo )
 lawyers, guns & money 
 mahablog 
 mother talkers 
political wire
 sideshow 
 skippy 
suburban guerrilla 

 law blogs

above the law
ann althouse
 discourse. net 
dui blog
  fourthamendment
 innocence project blog  
scotus blog
sentencing law and policy 
 simple justice 
 snitching blog 
white collar crime blog 

 media musts

alternet
common
              dreams
 huffington post 
media  matters
mother
              jones
the
              nation
salon
watching
              america


 best of the other side

just
              one minute
pajamas
              media
protein wisdom
vodka  pundit


 colorado blogs

5280
colorado
              independent
colorado  politics

              progress now
washpark prophet
westword:latest word


 talkleft recommends

aclu
common sense drug policy
drug reform network
the innocence project
nacdl
 national immigration project
norml
so. ctr. human rights


 social justice 

amnesty international
center const. rights
 human rights first
human rights watch
 prison legal news 


 awards
 



2003 koufax best single issue blog
2002 koufax best single issue blog


 site credits

 talkleft graphics by c.l., our man in               hollywood (2006 - 2008) 
talkleft header graphic by monk
powered by scoop


 legal

all content copyright ©2002-2025.
              reprints only by permission from
              talkleft.com
nothing on this site should be construed
               as legal advice. talkleft does not give legal advice.
talkleft is not responsible for and often disagrees with material posted in the comments               section. read at your own risk.














