

jarvis family and other relatives



 the jarvis family & other relatives
over 300 families and their descendants



  


search this site
         
     
powered by freefind



 





in memoriam: faye jarvis moran (1943-2021)


          
remembrances          
gravesite

 

faye's introduction to this site:  thanks for stopping in and visiting our home page.  my name is faye jarvis moran and genealogy is my hobby.  i was born and raised in nc, as was my fourth cousin and homepage partner, elizabeth harris.  lib is working on a general database of early settlers in the moravian community in and around winston salem, nc. many of my direct ancestors lived in or near the moravian community, settling in the  clemmons and lewisville area.  lib and i are still working to include many more early settlers in this region. 


the above painting is the "old" jarvis homeplace, built by my grandfather at the turn of the century. it stood on the site where tennyson jarvis first built his home in 1850 and "up the road just a piece" from where james jarvis settled in 1781.   my jarvis family starts with james jarvis and sarah kelly in frederick county, maryland.  the links below will lead you to the documentation of their lives, the people they met, their neighbors, the person they married, and the ones they left behind. 
"history is a study of the past. tradition is the bridge between the past and the future." -- david lewis.

 300 families and their descendants
elizabeth's generations homepage
faye's wilkes county pages
forsyth county historical association 
memories of ogburn station
oak summitt school renovation 
dar project patroit
rural hall historical society
chronological list of documents and events - jarvis family 
links to documents - jarvis family
parade of photographs 1850 forsyth county heads of household project
1850 surry county heads of household project
sites for genealogical research
genealogical homepages 
forsyth county, north carolina genealogical society  
family cemetery records family wills family stories
ships passenger's list  just where/what was wachovia?historic old salemforsyth county, nc bastardy bonds
 the salem coffee pot was made in 1858 as a sign for the tinsmith's shop.  it still stands in old salem.


we hope you enjoyed your visit and found the information useful ...the  web counter  count says you are visitor number:               if you have any questions, suggestions, or information about any of the surnames on our page, you can e-mail elizabeth harris at ncgen@mindspring.com. please contact me if any of the links are not working properly, or if you find any factual errors.  although neither faye nor i have had time in recent years to add new material to the site, i know she wanted the site to remain available.
image created by elizabeth harris.


