










home - whitefish chamber of commerce


























































 
 


















skip to content
























































menu 
homethe chamber about us our board & staff chamber ambassadors program of work membership tiers & benefits 2025 whitefish guide contact us join today!visit whitefish getting here maps activities & attractions recreational activities dining lodging shopping 2025 whitefish guide explore whitefish glacier national parklive & work welcome community profile real estate real estate services education healthcare relocation help wanted hot dealsmember center member login membership tiers & benefits economic development job listings hot deals join today!events chamber events community eventsbusiness directorytesting menu








 







 

















facebook





instagram


















calendar


find a business 
 














calendar


event calendar 
 
















calendar


member login 
 














calendar


join today 
 





















welcome to whitefish – gateway to glacier national park, the northern rocky mountains, world-class downhill skiing … and so much more! the whitefish chamber of commerce – and our 500+ member businesses – are dedicated to the smart, sustainable growth of our community, ensuring a strong, vibrant economy while also protecting the unsurpassed quality of life that our residents enjoy.  whether you’re here for an afternoon, a weekend or the rest of your life, you’ll find something to love in whitefish, montana!

















explore the whitefish area






whitefish is a thriving, active mountain town, located in the heart of the northern rockies near glacier national park, flathead lake and whitefish mountain ski resort.  world-class dining, shopping, sight-seeing, cultural and recreational opportunities abound … now it’s time to start planning!


















                                lodging                            














                                dining                            














                                activities & attractions                            














                                events                            
















upcoming events 


 





















the latest & greatest!






whitefish has a dynamic, year-round tourism-based economy with more than 800 locally owned-and-operated small businesses serving the needs of visitors and locals alike.  change happens fast in whitefish … so click on the links below to check-out our newest members, our 2024 whitefish community guide, or to subscribe to our weekly chamber chat newsletter!












welcome to our newest members! 




member directory


 











2025 visitor & community guide






 


view online


 











stay in the know!






 
our chamber chat newsletter is a weekly email that goes out each wednesday … your one-stop shop for chamber updates, upcoming events, member news, business resources & more!


subscribe now


 


























thank you to our double diamond investors
















                                logan whitefish                              














                                summit beverage                              














                                glacier bank                              














                                whitefish mtn resort                              














                                first interstate bank                              














                                pursuit                               














                                glacier restaurant group                              














                                whitefish credit union                              













                                two bear services                             













                                mt kush                            














                                kemosabe                            













                                herb & omni                            













                                spring creek developement                            














                                averill hospitality                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 whitefish chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












whitefish weather









whitefish chamber of commerce













406-862-3501 














505 second street east, whitefish, mt 59937















visit@whitefishchamber.org 










facebook





instagram




























 © 2025 whitefish chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top



















