










home - the journeyman press





















































home
services
smartmail
portfolio
about us
ftp-instructions
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 










printing
mailing
fulfillment

journeyman press has one intention in mind, to be the best commercial printer and mail house in the industry. we believe in providing service, products, and prices you will rave about. so be a rebel, and make journeyman your printing partner.

work with us

learn more

see our work








what we do

we do awesome work to delight our customers.








printing
from offset to digital—we do it all!
our offset press experts manage your project with precision and care. we provide all types of digital printing, including short-run colorwork to wide format printing.








mailing and fulfillment
our mailing and fulfillment department rocks! 
we do standard, variable data, and sophisticated match-mailings from small to large. and, we stay updated on all postal regulations to help you stay within budget.








binding and finishing
bindery and finishing are where the magic happens.
our team will handle your project with the utmost care. our quality control department is here to make sure you love every detail of your completed project.










union printing
need a union bug on your work—just ask!
journeyman press remains a proud member of both the allied trades council and the teamsters local 3.









sustainability
we care about the planet.
all solvents and printing inks contain the highest recycled and recyclable content possible; we also utilize soy-based inks and a water-based printing process. journeyman recycles all unused materials in our manufacturing process.








color specialists
our color specialists get it right!
every aspect of our process is focused on color management. from pre-press to the pressroom, we aim to achieve spot-on color!








promo items
building brand loyalty
creating and distributing custom branded apparel or items lets you get noticed over and over again. it is a relatively inexpensive way to develop brand awareness.


















we do awesome things 

we work with a sense of heart!






projects




satisfied clients




ongoing projects




cups of coffee











about us

a company, unlike any other.
 
six years ago, journeyman press came under new ownership by dana thoms. since then, we’ve changed our entire approach to the work we do by employing seasoned professionals who have seen and dealt with just about everything—and know how to pull off the perfect project. our ultimate goal is to have raving customers who are proud to partner with us.

learn more







our latest work

our clients believe in us to deliver the highest quality work.

































see more







the journeyman difference

this is what sets us apart.





you’ll never worry about the status of your job.
starting the minute we receive your project, our team will update you on every step of your schedule and keep you informed until completion.
 
we’re known for our “yes” mentality.
journeyman press has a distinctive can-do attitude from the top-down (dana thoms hates to say “no”).



we’re proactive communicators.
our sales and service reps can give you daily information that includes production schedule updates, receipt of materials, shipping confirmation, and more.
 
you’ll always get options and creative ideas.
quotes are typically turned around the same day, and we can offer you options to save money, fix an issue, enhance the printing, or shorten production time.



we have a 98% on-time delivery record.
for years we’ve tracked our delivery records, and it’s with extreme pride that we can say that 98% of our projects are delivered on time or earlier.
 
we do what we say.
giving customers our word that a job will get done as expected, for the price agreed upon, and delivered as promised is how we conduct our business.

















award winning work

 
when you love what you do, it shows.




award of excellence
by competing in the printing industry of new england (pine) award of excellence, we showcase our work along with our print industry peers. repeatedly winning the award of excellence gives us the pride to know we are among the business’s best.















from our clients

a few words from our raving fans.







“having journeyman press as a partner for most of my career has enabled me to grow and sustain my business. with their impeccable quality,  great pricing, and can-do attitude i can create just about anything and see it produced. i consider myself fortunate to be one of their clients.”
laurie cote
owner, blue bumble creative




“we have been working with journeyman press for several years. they have helped us to create high-quality pieces that fit our print budget. the team at journeyman is a pleasure to work with. from postcards to full-color catalogs, they exceed expectations every time through product, service, and turnaround time.”
tracy gilman
healthcare division, milliken & company






“the whole gang at journeyman put their hearts & souls into your project.  they pay attention to the details and their customer service is outstanding.
it’s why i’ve worked with them for so many years.”
tammy torrey
creative director, gill fishman design




“…and yes, everyone was soooo happy with the quality (who has seen it so far), definitely excited to see reactions when margaret & the sales team gets to see it. appreciate all of your help in moving things along & how amazing the quality is.”
alyssa otis
vf outdoor








let’s start something new

tell us what you need and we’ll make it happen.









name


email address


company name


message




send







 















contact
11 malcolm hoyt drivenewburyport, ma 01950
tel: (978) 465-8950toll free: (800) 222-5147
email: info@jpress.com



    

©2021 the journeyman press. all rights reserved.
website designed & developed by blue bumble creative.



site links

home
services
smartmail
portfolio
about us
ftp-instructions
contact us




 
















