


 
   home - curtain factory outlet  






 
 


 



    × sign in       e-mail:      password:         sign in    forgot your password?        new customer? creating a new account is quick and easy. create account      
 
       home     about us     store hours     terms and conditions     contact us         sign in or register  
       
    

     
productsballoon
blackout liner
blackout panel
door panel
panel
swag
swag set
tie up shade
tieback
tier
tier & swag set
tier & valance set
valance

      
     cart 0   your basket is empty.   

  
 
    menu  sign in   
     cart 0   your basket is empty.   

      curtains     shower curtains     closeout curtains     holiday store hours     contact us         curtains     shower curtains     closeout curtains     holiday store hours     contact us        store hourswednesday - saturday10am - 5pmsee store hoursshop us online 24/7
free standard shipping on orders over $99
           made in usa      a flutter scallop cornice valance - mist $52.99  add to cart       butterfly trail scalloped cornice valance - platinum $72.99  add to cart       country cottage crescent valance - white tea $72.99  add to cart       wheaton crescent valance - travertine $109.99  add to cart       sweet talker shape valance - camellia $69.99  add to cart       sweet talker shape valance - porcelain $69.99  add to cart       sweet talker shape valance - dove $69.99  add to cart         since the opening of its first retail outlet in 1974, curtain factory outlet has satisfied thousands of customers by offering them the most popular and fashionable styles available at famous outlet pricing.
our stores offer a variety of window treatments for every buyer. we offer every curtain style; from valances, tiers, swags, panels and drapes. our huge inventory, with over 250 displays and hundreds of styles, provide a shopping experience to the most sophisticated and curious shopper or home decorator.
we offer today’s most popular and fashionable styles, and our outstanding service and knowledgeable staff will sure to impress. visit curtain factory outlet today. 
        home     about us     contact us     store hours     terms and conditions       safe shopping     ssl certified    follow us       we accept          © 2025 curtain factory outlet · powered by websell       

