

























stainless steel kitchens: top kitchen cabinet suppliers










































































 




 

















search

menu



close

homeproductscompanyinspirationcontactcartaccount574-272-2530





































your cart is currently empty!








menu



close

homeproductscompanyinspirationcontactcartaccount574-272-2530





































your cart is currently empty!








search






dealer login






build americabuy america
residential kitchens
learn more >
outdoor kitchens & grill stations
learn more >
commercial kitchens
learn more >wall cabinets

discover the perfect fit for your space with our diverse range of stainless steel wall cabinets. from compact solutions to spacious options, we offer a variety of sizes tailored to meet your unique requirements. elevate your kitchen or workspace with our high-quality cabinets that seamlessly blend durability and style. ready to find your ideal stainless steel cabinet?
browsebase cabinetsexplore a world of possibilities for your kitchen or workspace with our versatile stainless steel base cabinets. tailored to meet your specific needs, our collection boasts a variety of sizes, ensuring you find the perfect fit for your requirements. elevate both functionality and style in your space with our durable stainless steel cabinets. ready to discover the ideal base cabinet for your setup?
browse



explore a world of possibilities for your kitchen or workspace with our versatile stainless steel base cabinets. tailored to meet your specific needs, our collection boasts a variety of sizes, ensuring you find the perfect fit for your requirements. elevate both functionality and style in your space with our durable stainless steel cabinets. ready to discover the ideal base cabinet for your setup?
browseengineered stainless steel indoor & outdoor kitchensoutdoor cabinetryelevate your outdoor living experience with stainless steel cabinets, tailored for durability and style. these weather-resistant cabinets bring a touch of sophistication & modernization to your outdoor spaces, from kitchens to grill stations.learn more
indoor cabinetryupgrade your indoor spaces with the modern sophistication and practical functionality of stainless steel cabinetry. seamlessly blend aesthetics and utility, providing storage solutions for kitchens, utility rooms, and more.learn more
need a custom size?
we can customize your cabinet’s dimension to fit your exact specifications.

custom projectour stainless steel kitchens team has over 30 years of experience in making homes and businesses beautiful, safe, and functional. we manufacture stainless steel cabinets for residential, commercial, and institutional uses. our customers include architects, contractors, interior designers, and individual homeowners that span a wide array of projects including hotels, resorts, rental properties, fire stations, operating rooms, doctors’ offices, demonstration kitchens, and government facilities. 
stainless steel kitchens serves those near and far with all of their stainless steel cabinet needs. whether it’s your home kitchen or a bustling commercial operation, we are here to ensure your dreams and expectations are met with clean lines, clean materials, and a modern aesthetic. stainless steel kitchens is a family-owned business. we put the utmost care and respect into each project we take on so that your home or business can be a place you love. 

elevate your space with
stainless steel kitchens
elevate your space with



contact us
request for quote

where functionality meets sophistication

residentialkitchens
commercialkitchens
newest products


 

24″ w x 36″ h x 12″ d two door wall cabinet

$1,845.00production time: 4-6 weeks



 add to cart 




 

36″ w x 24″ h x 12″ d two door wall cabinet

$2,053.00production time: 4-6 weeks



 add to cart 




 

24″ w x 30″ h x 12″ d two door wall cabinet

$1,740.00production time: 4-6 weeks



 add to cart 











about

crewcompanycontact
policies

privacy policyreturns policyterms & conditions
social

facebooklinkedingoogle12911 industrial park dr #3, granger, in 46530
574-272-2530stainless steel kitchens1998 © 2025all rights reserved
 

















 


































































































 insert/edit link

			close		


enter the destination url

url



link text




 open link in a new tab


or link to existing content



search












no search term specified. showing recent items.

							search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.						










cancel









