












folk dance federation of california – dance and the world dances with you




































































 























skip to content



  
dance and the world dances with you 



dance and the world dances with youhome
community 

event calendar
where to dance

n. ca vicinity
virtual folk dance
south ca (external link)
us  (external link)


folk dance bands and musicians
performing groups
news & views
dance leaders


resources 

frequently asked questions
dance videos
dance notes
let’s dance! archives
store
federation archives
publicity materials
dance related links


join 

become a member
renew membership
why be a member?


services 

let’s dance! magazine
liability insurance
scholarship fund
promotion fund


about us 

history
let’s dance! editor
staff & board
board meeting minutes


donate
contact
  




 


 



  
upcoming dance events...  


  
where to dance...  


  
become a member...  


  
answers about folk dance...  

‹›





about us the folk dance federation of california promotes the art and education of international folk dance. as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, we sponsor festivals, workshops, training, promote local dance ...read more »



resources view or download dance descriptions. sample folk dance music and videos. read let's dance! magazine archives. read our faq to learn more about folk dance, and more...read more »



community browse or search our dance event calendar. find where to dance. contact folk dance bands or musicians. discover ethnic performing groups, and more...read more »









news and views
mosaic festival 2024 - imagine the arabian desert, a land of endless burning sands and the mythical arabian nights, where intrepid camel caravans climb immense dunes to look upon an unforgiving sea of sand […]take hands – a contra dance film - take hands tells a small town story that has a big current relevance—a story of how music and dance can unite people across cultural divides. the film follows stacy rose […]bay area folk dancing featured in next avenue online journal - berkeley folk dance member emily stoper and loui tucker who heads saratoga international dancers were interviewed by patricia corrigan for an online magazine next avenue. next avenue is a nonprofit, […]




















						upcoming events					






			feb		

			28		








february 28 - march 2 



		laguna folk dance festival 2025	










			mar		

			8		








3:00 pm - 6:30 pm 



		peninsula folk dance party	










			mar		

			13		








7:30 pm - 10:00 pm 



		english dance workshop with bruce hamilton	









		view calendar	








past events gallery          officers ball            tango workshop            dance review                       ethnic costume dolls                                


donate we are completely self funded by fundraising,  members' dues, and donations.  as a 501(c)(3) non-profit your generous donation is fully tax-deductible. 













· © 2025 folk dance federation of california · powered by  · designed with the customizr theme  · 

































 
