 designed from the heart…for mother and baby  heartbeatdesigns.comhomecharmsa mother’s heart charmmy baby angel charmzuzu’s bell charmdesignertestimonialspoliciescontactblogoriginal & exclusive designs  designs for mom & baby, pregnancy, birth, adoption, baby showers, premature birth, child loss, mothers day…and all occasions for mother and child. a mother’s heart charm
a mother holds her baby in her heart; it’s the embodiment of motherhood. a pure mothers design.
my baby angel charm
a baby angel is held safely in its mother’s heart in this charm.




zuzu’s bell charm
karolyn grimes aka “zuzu bailey” of capra’s classic “it’s a wonderful life” commissioned georgene to create a special keepsake charm! “heartbeat designs are a precious keepsake of great sentimental value to pass down through generations…a treasured family heirloom.”“the conception of her design honoring motherhood was skillfully crafted to capture the designer’s exact interpretation; a pure interpretation that needs no words to convey its meaning. one that is universal in that it’s a baby in a heart; all mothers hold their baby in their heart. nothing expresses “motherhood” more than a baby in its mother’s heart ~ it is the embodiment of motherhood.in 1999 georgene decided she wanted to create a charm to honor motherhood. her first design was inspired by her deep love for her own children. realizing her children were growing up fast she reflected how they would always remain a “baby in my heart.”  once her mother’s heart design was tangible, she begin the exciting steps of having the awe-inspiring piece made ~ heartbeat designs were born. most important to georgene is that her designs express pure heartfelt emotion.  heartbeat designs is…”jewelry designed from the heart.”notice: heartbeat designs are trademarked ® any infringement will be pursued.designed from the heart…“a design as pure and distinct as a “baby in a heart” is the embodiment of motherhood…”recent posts
happy heart month!!!
welcome january…
welcome december, the season of giving…
november…my favorite month of the year!!!
welcome october….boo!“a mothers heart”©sweet child of my dreams…
destined never to part.
no love is held dearer…
than in a mother’s heart.
~ by georgene © ~” a mom’s lament”©treasure the moments of motherhood
they slip through our fingers so fast.
don't ever take them for granted...
for babies,
like moments
don't last! ~ by georgene © ~“mothers jewelry”©though i have a jewelry box filled with gems galore...
my children are my most priceless jewels,
my wealth...my hearts treasure. ~ by georgene © ~copyright © 2025 · daily dish pro theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in 



