


































microsoft learn: build skills that open doors in your career







skip to main content


this browser is no longer supported.
upgrade to microsoft edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.

download microsoft edge
more info about internet explorer and microsoft edge






















table of contents

 

microsoft learn. spark possibility.
build skills that open doors. see all you can do with documentation, hands-on training, and certifications to help you get the most from microsoft products.
















									search
								
















learn by doing
gain the skills you can apply to everyday situations through hands-on training personalized to your needs, at your own pace or with our global network of learning partners.
take training








find technical documentation
get tools and step-by-step guidance to help you get the most from microsoft products such as azure, windows, office, dynamics, power apps, teams, and more.
view documentation








showcase your skills
advance in your career by completing challenges that demonstrate your expertise. earn globally recognized and industry-endorsed certifications, and showcase them to your network.
get certified








ask questions and get help
connect with other learners and experts, ask and answer questions, share resources, and learn together.
explore q&a








try code samples
test out new capabilities in your own projects faster and easier with code samples that bring microsoft technology to life.
see samples








see new ways to innovate
discover thousands of fun, authentic, and informative videos by microsoft and community experts that help you and your team find inventive ways to use technology.
watch shows







level up with microsoft learn





15%


								on average, certified employees earn 15 percent more than those without certification.
							
why get certified?







61%


								upon earning a certification, 61 percent of tech professionals say they earned a promotion.
							
2021 pearson vue value of it certification







90%


								microsoft-certified developers are 90 percent more productive and nearly 60 percent more efficient.
							
why get certified?










meet inspirational learners from the community











ricardo lessa
pre-sales engineer


"i was able to believe again in the possibility of starting over, updating myself, and returning to the it market."
read ricardo's story













jacqueline ye
product manager


"i want others to know that with some hard work, dedication, and having an always be learning mindset, you can have a fullfilling career."
read jacqueline's story













charles-henri sauget
data platform and technical leader


"certifications have really helped me earn my customer's trust as a consultant."
read charles-henri's story














find additional resources




startups
radically accelerate innovation with free access to industry-leading ai services, openai credits, expert guidance, and the essential technology needed to build a startup through microsoft for startups founders hub.






student hub
learn technical skills to prepare  you for your future. find training, virtual events, and opportunities to connect with the microsoft student developer community.






educator center
dive deep into learning with interactive lessons, earn professional development hours, acquire certifications and find programs that help meet your goals.






microsoft learn blog
get the latest updates, articles, and news for learning content and events from the microsoft learn community.






virtual training days
take advantage of free virtual training days, where participants of any skill level can build technical skills across a range of topics and technologies.






microsoft reactor
whether you're building your career or the next great idea, microsoft reactor connects you with the developers and startups that share your goals.























your privacy choices








theme






















light


















dark


















high contrast








previous versions
blog
contributeprivacyterms of usetrademarks© microsoft 2025
























your privacy choices








theme






















light


















dark


















high contrast








previous versions
blog
contributeprivacyterms of usetrademarks© microsoft 2025






