




































unitarian universalist association | uua.org









        skip to main content (press enter)
      









log in






https://www.uua.org/files/includes/snippet-important-message.txt

















find a congregation


donate


bookstore




















site menu
 sitemap  menu



our faith


beliefs & shared values


who we are


religious practices


get involved




worship & inspiration


worshipweb library


multigenerational ministry


theme-based ministry




lifespan faith


plan your re program


children & families


youth & emerging adults


adults & older adults


common read


sexuality education


teacher & dre training




justice & inclusion


uu the vote (offsite)


take action


anti-racism and multiculturalism


climate & environmental justice


congregational justice programs


disability & accessibility


economic justice


immigration


lgbtq welcome & equality


the mosaic


reproductive justice




congregations & leaders


data updates & certification


leaderlab learning center


congregational vitality & growth


leadership training


congregations as employers


becoming a minister


ministerial transitions


ministers/staff


safe congregations


professional misconduct




about the uua


careers & jobs


general assembly


giving & generosity


global connections


governance & management


press room


publications


staff, offices, & directory


uua regions




find a congregation


donate


bookstore


section menu






























unitarian universalist association























live your values aloud, not alone.our open-minded, open-hearted spiritual communities help people lead lives of justice, love, learning and hope.
your adventure in faith starts here.







find a congregation or community:

















meet your region




act for justice




donate now















 weekly inspiration
 



 










              written in ink 



  by

  lindasusan ulrich
  

what if each of us made a lifetime commitment to get free and to bring others with us?
written in ink








 


        
  
      
      
        religious practice

      
      
        
 



 





              uua joins multifaith lawsuit asserting that ice policy violates the first amendment 
the uua is proud to announce we are a plaintiff in the sensitive locations policy lawsuit. we join a multifaith coalition to challenge the ending of ice’s policy, and oppose any interpretation of law which would allow immigration raids in houses of worship and religious ceremonies.
sensitive locations policy lawsuit








 


        
  
      
      
        centering love

      
      
        
 



 





              from the uua president: fierce love compels us to action 
in response to dangerous and devastating actions by the us president, uua president the rev. dr. sofía betancourt shares a message of care and commitment to courageous action.
read more
















 betancourt holiday 2024 video script (txt)


we gather with love: a holiday message from uua president sofía betancourt
with gratitude for all of the ways that uus have been living their faith boldly in the past year, may this season be a time for us all to reflect on our renewed commitments to justice and compassion in 2025 together.
watch the video (youtube).








 


        
  
      
      
        uu world

      
      
        
 



 





              moving mountains one stone at a time 
as unitarian universalists, our journey is to transform the big and the small, to transform ourselves, and to transform the world.
read the essay










 


        
  
      
      
        sacred wholeness

      
      
        
 



 





              trans/nonbinary+ gatherings & pastoral care space 
the uua offers a monthly gathering and pastoral care space for trans, nonbinary, questioning and other not-entirely-or-at-all-cis uus. join this multigenerational, inclusive space to connect and co-create community.
gather with us








 


        
  
      
      
        welcome

      
      
        
 



 





              interfaith families welcome 
in unitarian universalism, we accept you for who and what you are. our family, like your family, includes people of many religious backgrounds and beliefs.
families in our faith








 


        
  
      
      
        featured book

      
      
        
 



 










              the flaming chalice 



  by

  susan j. ritchie
  

teaches the important history and meaning of the flaming chalice, the symbol of unitarian universalism. to read this pamphlet click here. pack of 25.
buy this book









black lives matter




 



black lives matter to unitarian universalists.
 

learn more






























bookstore


church at home (clf)


donate


find a congregation


general assembly


uu world magazine










about


covid-19 response


contact us


hours


site map



























unitarian universalist association
24 farnsworth street | boston, ma 02210
(617) 742-2100 | info@uua.org
© copyright 1996-2025 unitarian universalist association.all rights reserved. privacy policy.
















