



























college of engineering - uc santa barbara | the convergence of research and innovation.





















skip to main content







 a celebration of black excellence at ucsb
in honor of black history month 2025, the coe spoke with a handful of black students who represent the next generation of innovators and leaders in engineering and related stem disciplines. in sharing their stories, these extraordinary black students hope to inspire and educate others in the process.
view gallery » 
  
  

 among world's best in interdisciplinary research
in recognition of the scientific excellence delivered by cross-disciplinary collaborations, times higher education ranked ucsb no. 8 in the world out of nearly 750 institutions.
view gallery » 
  
  

 innovating for social impact: gallium nitride research at ucsb
watch this video to understand the social impact generated by gallium nitride (gan) research completed in ucsb’s solid state lighting and energy electronics center (ssleec).
view gallery » 
  
  

 convergence  issue 35 is here
read the fall/winter 2024 issue of ucsb's magazine of engineering and the sciences online.
view gallery » 
  
  

 a low-carbon future starts at iee
ucsb's institute for energy efficiency (iee) is a world leader in developing energy-saving breakthroughs. watch this video to learn more the past, current, and future research endeavors by our collaborative researchers. 
view gallery » 
  
  

 hiring the best and brightest
ucsb ranks second among public universities in the percentage of assistant professors in engineering and sciences who have received nsf early career awards between 2019-'24.
view gallery » 
  
  

 impacting innovation
ucsb has ranked among the world's top two public universities for scientific impact of research in engineering and physical sciences for the past fourteen years. (leiden rankings, 2011-2024)
view gallery » 
  
  



 









search form

search 







convergencedepartmentschemical engineeringcomputer scienceelectrical & computer engineeringmaterialsmechanical engineeringtechnology management programdirectorystaff resources
 







 


college of engineering - uc santa barbara



aboutundergraduategraduateresearchnews giving

aboutdeans messagemission statementdiversitydirectorydepartmentsleadershipofficespoints of pridemap and locationemploymentundergraduatevirtual open housemajors & programsacademic advisingadmissionsdiversitystudent life & resourcesinternships and careersundergraduate researchscholarships & financial aidhonors programstudy abroadcommencementstudent voicesgraduategraduate programsgraduate admissionsdiversityresearchresearch ramp-up informationresearch centerslab facilitiesindustry partnershipsbiological engineeringchemical engineeringcomputer scienceelectrical & computer engineeringmaterialsmechanical engineeringmedia arts and technology programtechnology managementdiversitynews givinghow to givechampions of engineering










top stories



 

black student stories
mechanical engineering senior akinwole akingolagbe sees incentives for black-student leadership as a key to building the campus community.
  

 

eyob teshome, shown with an illustration evoking black history month.

black student stories
meet computer science student eyob teshome, a sacramento native who sees incentives for leadership as a key to expanding the black community on campus.
  

 

towela phiri

black student stories
meet towela phiri, the first of several extraordinary black students in stem at ucsb we will introduce in this space over the coming days to celebrate black history month. 
  


read all news 
 

 








ucsb engineering programs




chemical engineering
 

materials





computer science
 

mechanical
			engineering






electrical & computer 
			engineering
 

technology
			management






bioengineering




 





college of engineering events


no events scheduled (yet).



at a glance


 





coe in the news


recent coverage via print, web, tv, and radio.



 scitech daily
feb 06, 2025
the secret intelligence of ink: physicists solve a fluid mechanics mystery  

 everything rf
jan 29, 2025
pseudolithic raises $6 million to develop hybrid semiconductor products rf and mmwave applications  

 semiconductor engineering
jan 28, 2025
research bits: jan. 28  

 mobihealthnews
jan 24, 2025
iss national lab research on cancer, neurodegenerative conditions returns to earth  

 msn
jan 08, 2025
specialized hardware uses in-memory computing to accelerate solutions to high-order optimization problems  


archive
 

 









 




 facebook

 youtube

 bluesky

 instagram

 

created with sketch.                     linkedin








directory
news & events
privacy


our offices
undergraduates
terms of use


contact webmaster
graduate programs
accessibility & it


coe photos (flickr)
giving
 









copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california, all rights reserved.
 





