



|| oldenburg registry n.a. and international sporthorse registry ||















your browser does not support script




























username








password













sign up!











 home






stallions





approvedstallions
eligibility
inspection
on-sitestallion test
sportstallion test
100 daystallion test
shortstallion test
auction









mares





eligibility
inspection
mareperformance test
 







foals





eligibility
inspection
 







pony division





breeding goal
eligibility
inspection
fees
approvedstallions
 







inspections/tests





tour schedule
enrollment form
fee schedule
paperwork
procedure
presentation
scoring
mare/sporthorse performance test
on-sitestallion test
sportstallion test
100 daystallion test
shortstallion test









events





on-sitestallion test
sporthorseperformance test
seminars / clinic









awards





premium awards
high score awards
star awards
usdf awards
high pointoldenburg awards
offspring records
photo gallery









sales list






q & a





faq
terminology








 


 


 


 














welcome





 the oldenburg registry north america and international 
                    sporthorse registry (isr-oldenburg na) - was founded in 1983. 
                    north america needs an independent sport horse breed organization 
                    which works on the basis of 200 years of european experience 
                    and as successful as european registries. america needs its 
                    own source for the sport horses of the future!
the isr - oldenburg registry n.a. is north america's largest independent sport horse breeding organization which complies 
to the highest international standards for modern sport horse breeding:

open books for all approved sport horse blood lines from north america and europe
mandatory inspection of all stallions, mares and foals
mandatory stallion performance tests according to european / german standards


these three standards helped to achieve our top quality of sport horses bred in north america!
the registry conducts a sophisticated, competitive breeding program through the careful selection, testing and approval of stallions 
and mares and through the evaluation and registration of offspring.
the registry's breeding goal to produce modern sport horses, competitive to the horses from europe and most suitable for dressage 
or hunter and jumping sports has been achieved.










news






2024 and 2025 approved stallions
02/12/25


congratulations! these stallions have been approved in 2024.
more to follow.

all american creme ae, arroyo escondido, llc, tx
aulsosynsational ftf, jala neufeld, wa
benlea euraid rambler, l & d farm, sarah e. templin, mi
colibri r z, ixchel mosley, ca
d'artagnan hc, royal equestrian resort llc, rhonda breininger, fl
decadent, oakmont farm, christine miller, fl
de valentino yf, steven epstein, dvm, ks
fiddlemaker's line drive, fiddlemaker farm, lory eighme, pa
halcyonia night life*, fearless equestrian, emilia quaggiotto, on
jungle book, stone ridge,cynthia wiseman, mo
long island t, lotus team, andras szieberth, fl
neil, annie b farm, barbara cadwell, fl
orpheus, dos oaks, russel swan, fl
peanut butter truffle, fairytale farm, angela rice, ma
pikko del esperando, navillus dressage & sport horses, llc, lucille m. sullivan, nc
quadrofino, desidera farm llc, catherine marcks, md
querencia rc*, rancho corazon llc, nm
quillane accolade, jeanette knight, fl
rainmaker ash, murray acres, helen v. frederick, nc
renoir*, denyse payette, qc
taraco mourinho, jeanette knight, fl
zorro, murray acres, helen v. frederick, nc                
              





congratulations to our breeders and former breeders!
02/05/25


usef leading breeders 2024 [ more ]






congratulations to our approved and formerly approved stallions!
01/09/25


usef leading sires 2024 [ more ]






usdf dressage finals winners
12/03/24


congratulations to the winners of the high point oldenburg awards at the usdf dressage finals!

fidera 
national levels, aa division, 2nd level, 64.048%
owner: natalie defee mendik, co, breeder: a. rexford & s. dietz, mt

ravishing 
national levels, jr/young rider divison, 1st level, 61.991%
owner: aubrey sabatino, ga, breeder: cadwell & barlow ramsey, fl

santa barbara dash 
fei levels, open divison, intermediate ii, 62.990%
owner: lauren chumley, nj, breeder: linda crabtree, fl

the winners will receive a nice saddle pad from the registry.






now online: five new galleries!
11/19/24


you'll find many photos of awarded horses and premium foals of 2024 in the five new photo galleries. check under awards.






stallion directory 2025 online!
10/29/24


we uploaded all 2025 approved stallions to the detailed stallion list with links to the performance and usdf site and to the stallions' photos. members find more infos (registered foals, test results, pedigrees etc.) about each stallion in the member section.

if you breed to one of these stallions in 2025 there won't be any breeding permit fee. foals being presented at the dam's side do not need to get dna typed!                
              





usdf awards of 2024 are online
10/29/24


you'll find them under awards. congratulations to our breeders and owners! 
the champion of each class and level will receive a wonderful silver bowl/platter. usdf will mail custom medals on an embossed neck ribbon to each champion and reserve champion.                
              





all high score mares of 2024 now online
10/17/24


check under awards where all high score mares of 2024 have been listed now.
congratulations to the owners/breeders who will receive nice ribbons in the next days.                
              





all premium foals/mares and high score foals are online!
10/17/24


you now find all 2024 premium foals/mares and high score foals online! please check under awards. 

more to follow soon!

the foals received a premium foal plaque and the mares a premium mare plaque at the inspection. 
high score foals were awarded with a ribbon.






do you have any eligibility questions?
10/09/24


if you don't know, if your mare is eligible for approval or your foal eligible for registration, feel free to call us at 815-899-7803 or send an email to isreg@aol.com                
              





registration without inspection through the mail
09/20/24


if you do not have the chance to come to an inspection or if you want to register an older horse, contact the office at isreg@aol.com for forms to register your horse by mail.

registration by mail is also possible for oldenburg na horses.
[ more ]






new mailing address!
09/23/19


make sure to submit your forms and paperwork via mail to the new address:

isr-oldenburg registry na
p.o. box 504
sycamore, il 60178

for ups and fedex send to:
isr-oldenburg na 
c/o lisa lamb
17726 plank rd.
sycamore, il 60178























copyright © by isr, inc.








