


paris france hotel | official website | marais république 














loading








			scroll
		


		menu
	
                        home
                    
                        rooms
                    
                        services
                    
                        photos
                    
                        district
                    
                        location
                    
                        book
                    



















+33 (0)1 42 78 00 04







resa@paris-france-hotel.com






            en
        



                                fr
                                



                                pt
                                



                                it
                                



                                de
                                



                                es
                                



                                ru
                                



                                ja
                                



                                zh
                                


 
 




                best rates guaranteed
            

                on our official website
            

                book now
            


dates of stay










                    book
                



double from 105€
save by booking on our official website


best rates guaranteed
official website - fast & secured
instant confirmation

 


welcome to the
paris france hotel***
a sublime stone building typical of the belle epoque


since its construction in 1910, this sublime stone building typical of the belle epoque has welcomed travellers from around the world. well established in a delightful setting, the paris france hotel is delighted to welcome you.
we are ideally located in the historic heart of paris between the vibrant marais and haut-marais districts and just a few minutes’ walk from beaubourg, les halles and the louvre, the ile de la cité, notre-dame cathedral and many more places of interest.
discover the historic and fashionable marais district, a favourite among parisians due to its trendy rue de bretagne, as well as the rue des archives, place des vosges, and the picasso museum. this is the perfect place to stroll, do some shopping, and taste the gastronomy and culture of the city of light ...

















the typically parisian atmosphere is noticeable right from the entrance to the hotel, thanks to our stone arches, period mosaic floor and modern yet cosy decor.
enjoy welcome serenity and comfort after a day exploring the streets of the capital. relax in a club armchair in the lobby, on a plush sofa in the lounge, on the terrace or at the traditional pewter bar in the café ... settle into one of these inviting communal spaces for a drink, to unwind, or to do some work before returning to your room.






rooms


with its warm colours, sense of spaciousness and sparkling bright bathroom, your room will be your cosy and welcoming haven during your sojourn in paris.








single room











double room











superior room











triple room











junior suite











											single room
										
											double room
										
											superior room
										
											triple room
										
											junior suite
										 




the pfh, a unique hotel offering excellent value for money right in the heart of paris!







services








breakfast

every morning from 07:30 to 10:00, the hotel offers a tasty breakfast in the pleasant and warm surroundings of a beautifully decorated room.









at your service

our team’s main priorities? to provide quality services and help ensure that you enjoy a memorable stay in paris.








also...

discover our café-bar







how do i reach you?

from the train stations, from the airports, via the metro ... discover how to reach the hotel.












discover our district




discover the hotel’s location and its surroundings
the paris france hotel enjoys a privileged location in the heart of paris, close to the picasso museum, the place des vosges, rue de bretagne, rue des archives, rue vieille du temple and the picturesque rue des rosiers ... step out of the hotel’s doors and the streets of the quartier are waiting to be explored at your leisure. enjoy walks that immerse you in the essence of paris as you wander the historic and trendy marais and haut-marais.
stroll a little further and discover the ile de la cité and notre dame cathedral, les halles, beaubourg and the unmissable louvre museum.







news

discover all posts











an unforgettable musical journey at the casino de paris


entertainment



								        published on 10 february 2025
									


on april 25 and 26, 2025, the casino de paris will host an exceptional event: john williams & hans zimmer odyssey. 

















discovering an unusual district: the 3rd arrondissement


visit paris



								        published on 1 february 2025
									


the 3rd arrondissement of paris, located in the heart of the marais, is a true blend of culture, history, and charm. this neighborhood, both historic and contemporary, is brimming with artistic and architectural treasures waiting to be discovered.















the reopening of notre-dame de paris: a historic event in 2025


events



								        published on 10 january 2025
									


after several years of restoration work, notre-dame de paris is set to reopen its doors in 2025. as an iconic symbol of the capital, this cathedral attracts millions of visitors from all over the world every year.

















follow us
#parisfrancehotel




















contact us




    +33 (0)1 42 78 00 04



resa@paris-france-hotel.com



72 rue de turbigo 75003 paris



please enter your surname



please enter a valid email address



          
please fill in your message




              please confirm the captcha
          



your message has been correctly sent.









			top of the page
		











hôtel paris france





72 rue de turbigo

75003 paris
france








+33 (0)1 42 78 00 04







+33 (0)1 42 71 99 43







resa@paris-france-hotel.com







sitemap

change or cancel my booking
legal notice
privacy policy
manage cookies
amadeus - oiparpfh







            english  




                                français
                                



                                português
                                



                                italiano
                                



                                deutsch
                                



                                español
                                



                                русский
                                



                                日本語
                                



                                中文
                                



book





			official site - all rights reserved - hôtel paris france - © 2025 design & production: -
			agence webcom





instagram





facebook






















































chargement|trans|capitalize...













 

















































