




christian prison ministry - bible believers fellowship, inc.





































   changing lives through god’s love

donate




donate
about 
contact our organizationhistory of bbfiwhat we believeboard of directorsfinancial accountability

q & a 
about bbfiabout prison ministryabout bible versionsabout bible doctrineabout church mattersfrom muslims

get involved 
testimoniestestimonialsput up posters

outreach 
rehabilitation statisticsfacilities assistedmaterials distributed

publications 
christian ebooksenglish newslettersspanish newsletters

prayer requests



submit




jesus christ changes lives



welcome to the site of bible believers fellowship, inc.



bible believers fellowship, inc. is a christian prison ministry that reaches inmates nationwide with the love, hope, and salvation of jesus christ. we assist chaplains with bibles, new testaments, tracts, literature, audios, videos, and counseling. 
the mission of bible believers fellowship, inc. is to get the gospel of jesus christ into prisons and correctional facilities throughout the united states. 
“i was in prison and you came to visit me” (matt. 25:36 niv) 






latest news


there are five new prayer requests from around the world. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are two new prayer requests. both of them are from the united states. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are seventeen new prayer requests. ten of them are from the united states. three are from india, two are from canada, one from kenya, and one from poland. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are twenty new prayer requests. eleven of them are from the united states. three are from india, one from kenya, one is from canada, one from slovakia, one from new zealand, one from the uae, and one from tanzania. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are thirty-seven new prayer requests. twenty-three of them are from the united states. four are from india, two are from canada, one from brazil, one from the philippines, one from england, one from nigeria, one from mumbai, one from zambia, one from ethiopia, and one from australia. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
we have just published a new issue of “the good news letter.” the issue is called “february 2025” and the main article is “history and bible prophecy.” it is also available on our “christian newsletters in english” page along with other issues from the past.
there are fifteen new prayer requests. ten of them are from the united states. two are from the uk. one from bolivia, one from the philippines, and one from mc ???. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are twenty new prayer requests. thirteen of them are from the united states. two are from india, two from south africa, one is from canada, one from nepal, and one from singapore. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are nineteen new prayer requests. eleven of them are from the united states. three are from india. and five from other countries. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
we have just published a new issue of “the good news letter.” the issue is called “january 2025” and the main article is “lukewarm churches.” it is also available on our “christian newsletters in english” page along with other issues from the past.
there are nineteen new prayer requests. fifteen of them are from the united states. and four are from india. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there is a question in questions and answers about bbfi and our answer to it. you can access our questions and answers about bbfi page here.
there are thirteen new prayer requests. eight of them are from the united states. one is from india, one from nigeria, one from canada, one from new guinea, and one from united kingdom. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there is a question about about bible versions and our answer to it. you can access our questions and answers about bible versions page here.
there are nineteen new prayer requests. sixteen of them are from the united states. two from india and one from south africa. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are seventeen new prayer requests. eight of them are from the united states. three are from canada, two from nigeria, one from south africa, one from england, and one from zambia. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
we have just published a new issue of “the good news letter.” the issue is called “december 2024” and the main article is “what is a christian?” it is also available on our “christian newsletters in english” page along with other issues from the past.
there are fourteen new prayer requests. nine of them are from the united states. one is from india, one from portugal, one from bangalore, one from canada, and one from south africa. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are five new prayer requests. three of them are from the united states. one from the philippines and one from south africa. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are twelve new prayer requests. eight of them are from the united states. two are from india, one from the united kingdom, and one from australia. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are eleven new prayer requests. five of them are from the united states. two are from india, one from nigeria, one from pakistan, one from new zealand, and one from malaysia. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are fifteen new prayer requests. eight of them are from the united states. one is from india, one from nigeria, one from finland, one from australia, one from canada, one from south africa, and one from singapore. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are eighteen new prayer requests. eleven of them are from the united states. two are from india, one from germany, one from the netherlands, one from south africa, one from australia, and one from malaysia. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there is a question about bible doctrine and spiritual matters and our answer to it. you can access our christian questions and answers about bible doctrine and spiritual matters page here.
we have just published a new issue of “the good news letter.” the issue is called “november 2024” and the main article is “learning to pray.” it is also available on our “christian newsletters in english” page along with other issues from the past.
there are sixteen new prayer requests. seven of them are from the united states. five are from india, one from nigeria, one from ethiopia, one from london, and one from sweden. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are fourteen new prayer requests. eight of them are from the united states. two are from india, two from canada, one from the philippines, and one from south africa. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are eighteen new prayer requests. ten of them are from the united states. two are from nigeria, one from india, one from canada, one from south africa, one from croatia, one from brazil, and one from germany. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are nineteen new prayer requests. nine of them are from the united states. four are from india, two from canada, one from pakistan, one from latvia, one from taiwan, and one from nigeria. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
we have just published a new issue of “the good news letter.”  the issue is called “october 2024” and the main article is “the greatest sin of all.” it is also available on our “christian newsletters in english” page along with other issues from the past.
there are twelve new prayer requests. nine of them are from the united states. two are from india and one from zimbabwe. you can view them on our prayer requests page.
there are twenty-seven new prayer requests. sixteen of them are from the united states. four are from india, two from canada, one from pakistan, one from finland, one from nigeria, one from peru, and one from france. you can view them on our prayer requests page.







bible verse of the day












jesus christ changes lives




bible believers fellowship, inc. is not a church, but a nonprofit organization dedicated to the obedience and service of jesus christ, our lord and savior. 









bible believers fellowship, inc. has assisted more than 460 different correctional facilities in the united states since 1989.







christian ebooks




in the usa, there are roughly 2.2 million prisoners in correctional facilities today and 4.8 million people on probation or on parole.




do you need prayer? visit ourprayer requests page




prisoners who received religious instruction while in prison had a lower rate of recidivism (return to crime) after being freed than those who had none.






previousnext
        








please help us reach inmates with the gospel of jesus christ







jesus christ changes lives




bible believers fellowship, inc. is not a church, but a nonprofit organization dedicated to the obedience and service of jesus christ, our lord and savior. 









bible believers fellowship, inc. has assisted more than 460 different correctional facilities in 49 states in the united states since 1989.







visit our christian ebooks page




in the usa, there are roughly 2.2 million prisoners in correctional facilities today and 4.8 million people on probation or on parole.







do you need prayer? visit ourprayer requests page




prisoners who received religious instruction while in prison had a lower rate of recidivism (return to crime) after being freed than those who had none.







visit our christian newsletters page




         

bible believers fellowship, inc. is not a church but a non-denominational, nonprofit christian prison ministry reaching inmates and youth offenders throughout the united states with the gospel of jesus christ. we take the bible literally as what it is, the inspired word of god. it is our firm belief that even the most hardened of criminals can be touched and changed forever by the power and love of our lord and savior. we provide prison chaplains with free english and spanish christian literature (bibles, bible studies, booklets, counseling book sets, tracts, etc.), audios, and videos that will assist them in reaching prisoners with the holy word of god. we also provide counseling and encouragement to those who want to turn from their past and live for jesus.


prison population
there are 2.2 million prisoners in correctional facilities today. about 4.8 million people are on parole or probation. 


children statistics
there are approximately 2.7 million children who have a parent in a jail or correctional facility in the united states.


inmates released
eventually, 95% of all convicts will be released from prisons or jails. that is roughly more than 600,000 per year in the usa. 


recidivism statistics
approximately 2 out of 3 released inmates will commit crimes again, but only 40% who receive christian training in prison will. 











from 1993 to the present, we have distributed 14,341 english and 3,673 spanish bibles, 9,911 english and 1,002 spanish new testaments, and 7,926 gospels of john nationwide.the following items have been handed out in english and spanish - 384,594 bible booklets, 301 bible studies, 29,984 christian books, 426 counseling sets, 1,353 videos and audios, and 668,395 leaflets and other material.













testimonials 


tom wilmas
inmate
i am fed by the non-traditionalist way anne and her husband bring forth the relevance of god’s word. their newsletters in spanish help me to witness to latino inmates, but are in need of encouragement and hope. the newsletter is having a global impact for jesus. keep up the faithful work.


chaplain silliman
chaplain and his wife
the video and the tracts that you have given us are great! the inmates are excited about the new material. i thank god for people like you. i pray that god continues to bless your ministry (bible believers fellowship, inc.) and all people associated with it. keep up the good work!


michael sellers
inmate
thru bbfi, i have built a foundation, a sense of unhappiness with my past criminal behavior and thinking, and replacing them with a sense of responsibility and development of empathy for others. i am learning to think in ways that are rational, realistic, and responsible. i found jesus.


mark w. pickett
chaplain
i have received bibles, books, literature and videos from bbfi. all of these items help the inmates to understand god’s word and to grow in their faith. it is a blessing to have christian literature to place in their hands. this literature helps spread the gospel and sets the captives free.






give now
donate now by credit card to help us reach those who are in spiritual darkness. god’s word changes lives!donate


prayer request
do you have a prayer request? if so and you would like others to pray for you, we encourage you to click below.prayer


subscribe

we will send you an email whenever we release a new ebook, newsletter, or other information.  



subscribe





our social media
 


donate 
 donate online 
 donate by check 
donate through daf
 payroll deduction 
 donate through buying 


about 
 contact us 
 history of bbfi 
 what we believe 
 board of directors 
 financial info 


questions 
 about bbfi 
 about prison ministry 
 about bible versions 
 about bible doctrine 
 about church matters 
 from muslims 


get involved
 testimonies 
 testimonials 
 put up posters 
 prayer requests 


outreach 
 rehabilitation stats 
 facilities assisted 
 materials distributed 


publications 
  christian ebooks  
 english newsletters 
 spanish newsletters 




we’re listed at the following organizations









privacy policy
copyright © 2024 bible believers fellowship, inc. all rights reserved.
our christian prison ministry is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charity.












