


  














home | adventist healthcare retirement plan




























































    skip to main content


           language selector        select language      x        meet with us       menu      home  how the plans work  investment menu  resources  
    

 
         welcome!

ahrp’s retirement plans are designed to help you save and invest for your future.
 
  access my account     
     
  employee savings plans like ahrp’s 403(b) and 401(a) plans are among the most recommended ways to save for retirement. in fact, saving even a small amount can help you feel more in control of your future.
 
     
    enroll today
the earlier you start saving, the more time your money has to grow.
 
    enroll     
 
    
    participating employers
see which ahrp plan your employer offers.
 
    view     
 
    
    one-on-one help
work for a participating employer? meet with an ahrp representative at your location.
 
    schedule     
 

   register to access your account.
register to set up your username and password to access your account. if you have an account with fidelity already, you can use your existing log in information. learn how to register your account.
 
  register account     

     

make updates to your account
change contributions
a little extra saved today could make a big difference in retirement. log in now.
change investments
update my fund choices or provider to help meet my financial goals. log in now.
 
    
  
     
      where to go for more help

call
to speak to a representative, call the ahrp retirement center monday through friday, 8:30 a.m. to midnight et 800-730-ahrp (800-730-2477)
meet
meet with an ahrp representative to discuss and plan for your retirement needs - right at work.
schedule a meeting
 
 
  
   
      important information and notices       ahrp 403(b) plan brokeragelink fact sheet    
 ahrp 401(a) plan brokeragelink fact sheet    
 ahrp participating employers    
 
select document
 view     




         the general information contained in this summary does not address all requirements of the plans and complete information is contained in the official plan documents. if this summary differs from the terms and provisions of the official plan documents, the official plan documents will govern and control. ahrp reserves the right to amend, suspend, or terminate its plans at any time, in whole or in part. participation in these plans is not an offer or guarantee of employment.

    fidelity® personalized planning & advice at work is a service of fidelity personal and workplace advisors llc and strategic advisers llc. both are registered investment advisers, are fidelity investments companies, and may be referred to as “fidelity,” “we,” or “our” within. for more information, refer to the terms and conditions of the program. when used herein, fidelity personalized planning & advice refers exclusively to fidelity personalized planning & advice at work. this service provides advisory services for a fee.

effective march 31, 2025, fidelity personal and workplace advisors llc (fpwa) will merge into strategic advisers llc (strategic advisers). any services provided by fpwa as described above will, as of march 31, 2025 be provided by strategic advisers. fpwa and strategic advisers are fidelity investments companies.

    brokeragelink® includes investments beyond those in your plan's lineup. you should compare investments and share classes that are available in your plan's lineup with those available through brokeragelink®, and determine the available investment and share class that is appropriate for your situation. the plan fiduciary neither evaluates nor monitors the investments available through brokeragelink®. it is your responsibility to ensure that the investments you select are suitable for your situation, including your goals, time horizon, and risk tolerance.
investing involves risk, including risk of loss.before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses, and available share classes. contact fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. read it carefully.fidelity brokerage services llc, member nyse, sipc, 900 salem street, smithfield, ri 02917

    © 2021-2024 fmr llc. all rights reserved
992394.5.1


     terms of use privacy policy
   



















































































