



university of galway - university of galway











 
 
 
 
 
 
 








 








jump to content  
           jump to side navigation bar





university of galway








search










menu








courses


undergraduate coursespostgraduate taught coursesprofessional, part-time and evening coursesphds and research mastersonline coursesmicro-credentialshow to applyfees & fundingmodes of studyopen daysscholarships






courses

                                                    choosing a course is one of the most important decisions you'll ever make! view our courses and see what our students and lecturers have to say about the courses you are interested in at the links below.
                                                

view courses







university life


accommodation advisory servicecampus activitiesstudent supportstudy abroadglobal galwaymature studentsstudents with disabilitiesstudent ambassador programmefor parents and guardiansaccess student informationlife in galway






university life

                                                    each year more than 4,000 choose university of galway as their university of choice. find out what life at university of galway is all about here.
                                                

read about life at university of galway







about university of galway


news & eventsstrategy 2020-2025jobspresscois coiribe (publication)contact usuniversity leadershipsustainabilitygift shopopen daymedtechjourney






about university of galway

                                                    since 1845, university of galway has been sharing the highest quality teaching and research with ireland and the world. find out what makes our university so special – from our distinguished history to the latest news and campus developments.
                                                

about university of galway







colleges & schools


adult learning and professional developmentcollege of arts, social sciences, & celtic studiescollege of business, public policy and lawcollege of medicine, nursing & health sciencescollege of science and engineering






colleges & schools

                                                    university of galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching across a range of key areas of expertise.
                                                

colleges and schools







research & innovation


research areaspeoplefacilitiesresearch officeinnovation officeresearcher development centreresearch community portalresearch centres, institutes, and units






research & innovation

                                                    university of galway’s vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our times.
                                                

overview







business & industry


innovation officecareer development centre (for employers)business innovation centreconference & event centre






guiding breakthrough research at university of galway

                                                    we explore and facilitate commercial opportunities for the research community at university of galway, as well as facilitating industry partnership.
                                                

overview







alumni & friends


latest newsalumni servicescois coiribe alumni awardsreunionsfollow our social channelsupdate your detailsupcoming alumni eventsprevious alumni events






alumni & friends

                                                    there are 128,000 university of galway alumni worldwide. stay connected to your alumni community! join our social networks and update your details online.
                                                

overview







community engagement


about engagementlearning with communitycommunity partnershipsoutreachresearch with communitiesuniversity of sanctuary






community engagement

                                                    at university of galway, we believe that the best learning takes place when you apply what you learn in a real world context. that's why many of our courses include work placements or community projects.
                                                

real learning













gateway pages


prospective students


current students


visitors


ollscoil na gaillimhe






quicklinks


ollscoil na gaillimhe


library


accessibility & language


students & staff


students

registration
canvas
office 365 (email)
student registry helpdesk
fees & grants
exams
exam timetables
library
academic skills hub
student services
parking
student volunteering
students' union



staff

office 365 (email)
financial system (agresso)
academic records
research community portal
human resources
academic terms dates
celt
information solutions & services (it services)
buildings & estates
service desk




students
staff
colleges & schools



















home
▻
 
 
university of galway 

university of galway

formerly known as national university of ireland, galway (aka nui galway / nuig) 
			










expand all

 












 





























university of galway


ranked ireland's #1 university for sustainable development in the times higher education world rankings (the), we're not just about excellence in teaching; we're about shaping a better world. our commitment to sustainability is globally recognised, placing us 38th worldwide and in the top 10 in europe (the). as a government sdg ambassador and a leader in sustainability, we offer a learning environment that cares for you and our planet. find out more about our extensive range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses and learn about our vibrant research community below.
university of galway - for you. for tomorrow. 



research
university of galway's vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our time. 
read more



undergraduate 
shaping the world and inspiring leaders since 1845. view any of our 50+ undergraduate degree courses. 

read more 



postgraduate 
university of galway offers 200+ postgraduate courses including higher diplomas and masters degrees. 
read more




latest university news





17 february 2025
university of galway announce partnership with galway science & technology festival
university of galway has announced a new partnership as lead academic partner with galway science & technology festival, formalising and building on a successful and established collaboration which goes back 15 years.
the new partnership will allow university of galway and galway science & technology festival to co-create and build on the educational, cultural and societal objectives of the festival to ensure its ongoing development and success. 
the partnership will foster the development of accessible educational outreach programmes for schools, the public and under-represented groups through collaborations with volunteer groups and local organisations.
university of galway has played a significant role in facilitating the growth and expansion of the galway science & technology festival since its inception in 1998. the university began hosting the annual festival exhibition day in 2010 - the hallmark of the weekend, featuring interactive science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (stem)-themed events and activities from companies, including the festival’s main sponsor medtronic, professional organisations, schools, volunteer groups, atlantic technological university and state agencies. the event draws more than 15,000 people to campus each year.
professor peter mchugh, interim president of university of galway, said: “as lead academic partner of the galway science & technology festival, we are delighted to formalise this relationship after 15 years of successful collaboration. our ongoing commitment to the festival demonstrates university of galway’s dedication to encouraging innovation and interest in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and how these stem subjects apply to other areas such as medicine, business and the creative arts, among school children.
 “the annual festival exhibition is very much the focal point of the festival and has been hosted by university of galway since 2010, showcasing educational shows and workshops, and immersive interactive exhibition stands by world leading global companies, local primary and secondary schools and research centres. the festival exhibition inspires a curiosity and an interest in stem among school children, encouraging them to consider stem subjects in school and for their future studies and careers.”
paul mee, chairman of the galway science & technology festival, said: “we are thrilled to be able to strengthen our partnership with university of galway. our access to the university’s wonderful campus, not to mention the amazing student volunteers, is a key element for the successful future running of the festival. we look forward to many more festival days on the campus.”
founded in 1998, galway science & technology festival runs every november and is part of taighde éireann-research ireland’s national science week. the festival delivers over 200 free shows and workshops to 35,000 primary and secondary schools throughout galway city and county. its aim is to inspire young people to develop an interest in stem subjects and to communicate the significance of these educational areas in everyday life and society, making these fields more accessible and engaging.   
anne murray, festival manager of the galway science & technology festival, said: “we are absolutely delighted to formalise our long-standing relationship with the university of galway as lead academic sponsor, who hosts the annual exhibition. this partnership builds on 15 years of successful collaboration, enabling us to deliver impactful and inspiring stem-based events that ignite curiosity and encourage young people along with their parents to explore the limitless possibilities of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. we look forward to continuing this shared mission of inspiring future generations.”
professor mark healy, vice-dean student recruitment and personal professor of civil engineering, college of science and engineering, university of galway, said: “we welcome this opportunity to celebrate and reaffirm in a formal way our involvement as lead academic sponsor of the festival. the festival exhibition day is a fantastic way to effectively communicate the significance of stem in everyday life, thereby making it more accessible and engaging.” 
ends.
read more







17 february 2025
study reveals extent of ecological damage from niger delta oil spills
scientists go from science fiction to science fact to analyse scale of devastation to mangroves using satellite imagery, ai and healthcare techniques
 
 
an international research team led by university of galway has used earth observation radar data to map oil pipeline networks covering a 9000 km2 region in the niger delta and pinpoint where crude oil spills have caused the most acute damage to the delicate mangrove ecosystem.
 
the niger delta hosts the second largest petroleum reserves in africa, with the nigerian economy heavily dependent on the industry. 
 
but since the extraction and processing of oil started in the 1950s, the level of pollution is estimated to be equivalent to more than 13 million barrels of crude oil, causing enormous damage to the environment and posing severe health threats to the people who live in the region.
 
the niger delta is one of the most ecologically diverse regions on earth and home to almost 30 million people from more than 40 ethnic groups. the vast majority of them depend on farming and fishing for their livelihoods and food security, as well as their cultural identity and well-being.
 
the study was led by researchers from the ryan institute at university of galway, in collaboration with the university of ilorin in nigeria. it was funded through taighde éireann - research ireland’s artificial intelligence for societal good challenge future innovator prize, which was awarded to the university of galway team in 2021.
 
the findings of the study were published in the journal remote sensing. 
 
the researchers used earth observational data from satellites, ai technology and imaging more commonly applied to assessing cardiovascular health to anaylse the direct impact of oil pollution on the region.
 
the researchers determined the mortality rate of the mangrove forests over the period 2016-2024 to be 5,644 hectares a year - the equivalent of 17 central park forest areas being lost per year or 28 gaa pitches every day.
 
the data analysis allowed the research team to highlight specific locations in the vast pipeline network which are in need of immediate intervention and restoration. it also allowed the research team to identify several new pipeline sites north of the coastal town of bille showing evidence of significant oil spill damage that have yet to be formally reported.
 
the lead author of the study, jemima o’farrell, ryan institute and school of natural sciences, university of galway, said: "as a recent physics graduate, it was exciting to work at the intersection of medical imaging, earth observation and ai to develop a new way of mapping and assessing pipeline networks. seeing our approach independently corroborate reported spill events, and even detect unreported ones, was incredibly gratifying. i hope this technology can help advocate for the affected communities and that more earth observation-derived insights will be integrated with policy and environmental protection in the near future."
 
the niger delta in nigeria is a vast, complex, estuarine environment that hosts the largest mangrove forest on the african continent and is the world’s third-largest wetland. these forests are of enormous ecological and biodiverse significance and actively sequester substantial quantities of atmospheric carbon dioxide.
 
monitoring the oil pipeline network and the vitality of the surrounding delta across such a vast region is extremely difficult, with associated under-reporting and after-the-fact assessments being the norm. the focus in relation to pollution has been more on “total oil” loss, rather than linking the losses to ecosystem damage.  
 
the team deployed a combination of data to analyse the impact on the mangrove, including a form of radar used to create two-dimensional images or three-dimensional reconstructions of objects using imagery recorded by the european commission's sentinel-1 earth observation satellites. the data was recorded every week since 2016, and, critically, the technology guarantees almost perfect viewing conditions every pass, regardless of the near-constant cloud cover.
 
co-author of the study, dr abosede omowumi babatunde, professor of peace and conflict studies at the university of ilorin, nigeria said: "the findings of our work will help affected local communities to better understand the magnitude of oil spills and have comprehensive insights into the oil-induced damage to the mangroves. this delicate ecosystem sustains their traditional farming and fishing activities. our research will also empower them to independently hold the authorities and petroleum producers to account. 
 
“it can also help those communities to reflect on the adverse consequences of their own actions such as pipeline vandalism, and illegal and artisanal bunkering, in terms of their own health, the environment, its resources and sustainability. this knowledge will also help local ngos to design relevant intervention programmes that can address the impacts and mitigate rising oil spill incidents."
 
dr aaron golden, ryan institute and associate professor of the school of natural sciences, university of galway and project principal investigator, said: "this project demonstrates the phenomenal power of interdisciplinary research to overcome the hardest of societal challenges. taking ideas in radiomics and cardiovascular imaging and refactoring them for an utterly different biophysical context such as the niger delta basically revolutionises our ability to map and fully monitor both oil pipeline integrity but also the mangrove ecosystem. we're going from science fiction to science fact here, which is incredible. we're grateful for having had the opportunity to do this work.”
 
ends
read more







13 february 2025
researchers create world’s largest digital microbe collection to transform health research
researchers at university of galway have created the world’s largest collection of digital microbes - nearly a quarter million computer models - to help revolutionise our understanding of the human microbiome and its impact on health.
this study focuses on the bacterial microbiome - the communities of bacteria living in and on our bodies.
the team created apollo, a collection of 247,092 advanced computer models, each representing the unique metabolic processes of a distinct microbe found within these communities.
the unprecedented database will allow scientists to use software to study how microbes function within the human body and interact with health and disease, to accelerate new health discoveries, which would otherwise solely rely on cumbersome experiments using living organisms.
spanning multiple continents, age groups and body sites, apollo is the most extensive computational model collection of the human microbiome created to date.
the research project builds upon the team’s decade-long expertise, from earlier agora (hundreds of microbes) and agora2 (thousands of microbes) generations.
the team also created 14,451 computer simulations of individual microbiome communities, based on real-life samples, to reveal how microbial metabolism varies by body site, age, and health conditions. the apollo simulations also predicted key faecal metabolites linked to crohn’s disease, parkinson’s disease, and child undernutrition – insights that could help shape future diagnostic and treatment strategies.
the work was conducted by a team of scientists at university of galway’s digital metabolic twin centre, led by professor ines thiele, a principal investigator with apc microbiome ireland - research ireland centre for the study of microbiological community, hosted by university college cork.
professor thiele’s research team uses computational modelling to advance precision health.
how apollo will benefit society:

improved diagnostics - by identifying microbial metabolic markers, apollo could help develop non-invasive diagnostic tools, allowing earlier and more accurate diagnosis.
personalised treatments - simulations can predict how an individual’s microbiome interacts with their diet, medications, and health conditions. this could lead to tailored treatments that optimise gut health and improve responses to therapies.
drug development and probiotics - it may be possible to design targeted probiotics, prebiotics, and microbiome-based therapies to treat specific diseases more effectively.
public health insights - by including diverse microbiomes, apollo provides a global perspective, helping address how modern lifestyles impact microbiome health. this knowledge shall guide public health policies, such as around antibiotic use, diet, and disease prevention.

 
dr cyrille thinnes, project scientist, said: “apollo marks a major milestone in personalised microbiome modelling on a global scale. our microbiome plays crucial roles in digestion, immune function, and overall health. studying these microbes is essential for understanding how they influence various conditions, from gut health to neurological diseases, and for developing new diagnostic tools, treatments, and personalise healthcare solutions.
“apollo captures an unprecedented diversity of microbes across continents, demographics and body sites, filling critical gaps in global health research. it addresses pressing concerns about the impact of westernised lifestyles, characterised by sedentary habits, processed diets and antibiotic overuse, on microbial diversity and functions. by including understudied non-westernised populations and body sites beyond the gut, apollo provides a vital resource for advancing microbiome research and its applications.”
professor ines thiele, study lead on the project, said: “the human microbiome is a vital player in health and disease, dynamically interacting with its host. understanding these complex interactions requires cutting-edge technology. our research integrates digital models of both microbes and humans, enabling us to explore the microbiome’s role in health in unprecedented detail.
“apollo takes this innovation further by incorporating microbiome communities on a dimension to now enable personalisation on a global scale.
“over the past decade, we have gone from a single generic human model to detailed models that account for sex, physiology, and individual organs. similarly, we started with models of a few microbes and have now expanded to cover hundreds of thousands. these models can further incorporate information on dietary habits and health conditions, helping to generate testable hypotheses and personalised health recommendations. apollo represents a major step in the shift towards digital twin-enabled precision healthcare, moving us closer to tailoring health solutions for individuals worldwide.”
the research was published in cell systems and is available at https://www.cell.com/cell-systems/fulltext/s2405-4712(25)00029-8
this work was led by university of galway in collaboration with colleagues in ireland, france, and italy, at university college cork, university college dublin, apc microbiome ireland, university of lorraine, and university of padova.
ends
read more





◅

▻








open days








prospective global students








phds & research programmes








join the global alumni network







◅

▻





















leading research globally

the purpose of our research and innovation is to advance the public good. our people are creative in their thinking and collaborative in their approach. our place is a distinct and vibrant region deeply connected internationally and open to the world. .
 
















prospective students

whether you are an undergraduate or a postgraduate, we want you to be part of our dynamic university community, learning from world-class academics, gaining new skills and building a career that will sustain your passions into the future. browse our range of full time and part time undergraduate and postgraduate courses.










key facts



#1
in ireland for sustainable development (the world rankings)


5th 
in the eu for our commitment to sustainability


273
in the world according to qs world university rankings


30
ranked in the top 30 most beautiful campuses in europe


79%
of our courses have work placement and/ or study abroad opportunities


334m
invested in new buildings and facilities on campus since 2010


110
our university student body is made up of students from 110 countries


80m
approximately €80m annual research expenditure








 


























manage cookies

allow university of galway to use cookies for:

functionality:   
your preferences:   
analytics:   
ads: 
allow all
allow none
allow selected


some features need cookies to work properly. cookies also let us (a) remember your preferences, (b) collect anonymous usage statistics, and (c) see how well our online ads are working.
no personal data is stored on these cookies but, under eu law, we still need to ask you this every 6 months.
to learn more about our use of cookies, view our privacy policy.


 






about university of galway

                  founded in 1845, we've been inspiring students for over 175 years. university of galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching.









contact

					university of galway,
					university road,
					galway, ireland
h91 tk33
					t.  +353 91 524411
				

get directions
send us an email





connect

twitter
instagram
facebook
youtube
linkedin
rss


















© 2023 university of galway. all rights
 reserved. server aws
university of galway is a registered charity. rcn 20002107







disclaimer


privacy & cookies


copyright


contact & enquiries


accessibility














 



 