





national hospice regatta alliance – the alliance exists to support charity sailing regattas that raise funds for and awareness of non-profit hospice services in local communities.

































skip to content



donatetoggle navigationhomeaboutwho we arewhat we dohistorypartnershipsparticipatesailsupportspread the wordstart a regattafind a regattanewslatest newsscuttlebutt sailing newsforummember areamember profile updateapparel storemember poster ordersartwork for membershospice hero awardmember directoryboard of directors directorycontact
 





alliance home@hospiceregattas2024-07-25t20:53:45-04:00 
nhra backs charity sailing for local hospicespromoting community awareness and fundraising for non-profit hospice servicesfind a regattamember areafind a regattamember areanhra alliance hospice regattascharity sailing events supporting end-of-life care
what are hospice regattas?hospice regattas are day-long or multi-day sailboat racing events held to raise money for local nonprofit hospices. hundreds of sailors, organizers, sponsors, and supporters around the country raise more than $1 million each year while enjoying the competition and unique camaraderie of these events.
how you can participatewhether you are a sailor, or someone who has been touched by hospice, or you just want to get involved, there are plenty of opportunities.
sailsupportspread the wordsponsorstart a regattawhat our sailors have to say“we [won the championship] much the same way hospice cares for families in difficult times. they do not just go through the motions, but show the way to overcome adversity one step at a time.”

bret moss, ft. lauderdale, fl“[my husband] steve was able to die with dignity and was in control of his destiny…many people don’t have the gift that i was given.”

hannah stringer, marblehead, ma“when we organized the tampa bay hospice cup, we thought to emphasize the idea of sailing for fun and for hospice.”

charley morgan, tampa bay, fl“the amount of money that’s generated in these events is really why we do this.”

gary tisdale, niagara, ny“we’re gonna be out there sailing one way or another. if we can do it to benefit a good cause, we’re happy to do that.”

joe barsch, naples, fl“we’ve all had friends that hospice has taken care of. that’s why we love to come and raise some money…some day we may need that, too.”

randy lenz, hartwell lake, sccurrent headline and updatescovering topics from sailors to local regattas and regatta championship events.


 

triple crown of charity sailing trophy 2024 champion announced@hospiceregattas|november 7th, 2024|read more off comments off on triple crown of charity sailing trophy 2024 champion announced|


 

hospice regatta – $130k?, no sweat@hospiceregattas|october 31st, 2024|read more off comments off on hospice regatta – $130k?, no sweat|


 

hospice cup raises over $200,000@hospiceregattas|october 10th, 2024|read more off comments off on hospice cup raises over $200,000|
reach out to us we're here to help submitthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×



 
 
national hospice
regatta alliance
p.o. box 1054
mclean va 22101
nhra@hospiceregattas.orgrecent posts



triple crown of charity sailing trophy 2024 champion announced


hospice regatta – $130k?, no sweat


hospice cup raises over $200,000


hampton roads, virginia


thank you for coming to the launch party!


menuhomeaboutwho we arewhat we dohistorypartnershipsparticipatesailsupportspread the wordstart a regattafind a regattanewslatest newsscuttlebutt sailing newsforummember areamember profile updateapparel storemember poster ordersartwork for membershospice hero awardmember directoryboard of directors directorycontactupcoming events© copyright 1999 - 2025 |   national hospice regattas alliance. all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link

 





go to top




