





























model airplane news - rc airplane news | radio control plane & helicopter news, tech tips, reviews




















































































 




 












subscribe button subscribe






 exclusive contentlogin

 



aircraft & gear

new releases
construction articles
pilot project

latest pilot project
submit pilot project




getting started

assembly tips and tricks
flight success
power systems
radio systems
product picks
events


videos

man in action

balsa usa in action
legend hobby in action
extreme flight rc in action
old school model works in action
horizon hobby
fms model
dubro pine ridge
hitec rcd
pilot rc
robart mfg
spektrum


from the flightline
how-to’s
personalities


tech & tips

how-tos
flight techniques
workshop build-alongs


customer service

report an issue
digital  + print
digital edition
gift subscription
digital edition login
hangar membership
renew
customer service portal
faqs
help – contact us
free newsletter


the lastest from
the latest from

https://www.rotordronemag.com/wp-content/themes/frontier-child/images/mangrey.png



 












man - web banner-548man - web banner-6005 pro tips for easy touchdowns5 pro tips for easy touchdownstop 10 jetstop 10 jetsfms twin70mmedfsu-27 : december 2023fms twin70mmedfsu-27 : december 2023top gun scale invitational : october 2023top gun scale invitational : october 2023power and precision : june 2023 issuepower and precision : june 2023 issuewarbird fever top 10 editors picks : may 2023 issuewarbird fever top 10 editors picks : may 2023 issueoooohh that moki sound!oooohh that moki sound!power on demand: build a portablepower on demand: build a portable 
from the editors latest



 


guillows cessna rc conversion
follow along as model airplane news contributor tim mckay adds a motor and 3-channel rc to an guillows model, using the power and radio equipment from an inexpensive ($75) rtf model. the converted cessna flies well, making this an easy and fun diy project!   




 


rc geniuses at work!
adam savage of mythbusters fame welcomes wing ceo into his “cave,” where they discuss their shared passion for rc airplanes and showcase a few truly wild (and brilliant) rc aircraft designs. if you love rc airplanes as much we do, this video is an absolute must-watch! 




 


best bad moments of 2024: parts i & ii
crashes, splashes, and bashes – it happens to the best of us, but of course it’s better when it happens to someone else! in these two videos, the good folks at essential rc take a look a back at some of the worst of 2024. check out both parts one and two to catch all […] 




 


rc innovations
as model airplane news celebrates its 96-year anniversary, it’s a great time to reflect on some rc history. countless inventions and developments have propelled the rc airplane hobby to new heights. we shared 10 top innovations in “hangar talk” in our january/february issue. what other rc innovations do you think should make the list? 




 


get ready for helistorm: may 2025
in may of 2025, the radio control hobby will play center stage for a first-of-its-kind event. gathered at the national museum of the united states air force in dayton, ohio, will be ohio stem school students, administrators and faculty, along with full scale aviation organizations, and roughly 100 scale rc helicopter pilots from all over […] 




 


winter flying tips & tricks
instead of sitting on the couch watching television and waiting for spring to arrive, why not build or buy a set of snow skis, bolt them to your plane, and get out there and do some cold weather flying! winter flying is great fun, and it restores the rc soul during those long, dreary winter […] 




 


control linkage solutions
when building a giant-scale airplane, you don’t want any guesswork with your linkages. the all-important connections between our servo and the control surfaces are absolutely tied to the length of our aircraft’s lifespan. there are several common linkage methods. you can use a solid pushrod of a rather short length for a direct control setup […] 




 


giant boeing vertol labrador
this 7.3-foot-long, scratch-built helicopter is the handiwork of bernd fischer, who also flies the 1/6-scale model masterfully. kontronik pyro 850-40l motors and 200hv light speed controls power this big twin-rotor model. it’s a beauty! 




 


21-foot-span c-17
weighing in at a whopping 330 pounds, this 1/8-scale c-17 globemaster is a stunner! it’s powered by four electric motors and features carbon-fiber construction. it was built by ramy rc and is being flown here at the airliner meeting in oppingen, germany by owner tyler perry of “madea” fame. wowza! 




 


pilot projects wanted!
share your latest build with us and you could be world famous, like randy johnston of timnath, colorado, who shared his beautiful p-38 lightning built from ziroli plans and finished in robin olds’ “scat iii” scheme. randy and his aircraft were featured in our january issue. like randy, you’ll also get a free subscription to […] 




 


impressive pigeon-bot!
scientists claim that a pigeon-inspired robot has solved the mystery of how birds fly without the vertical tail fins that most modern day aircraft rely on. the hope is this impressive rc bird will eventually lead engineers to design aircraft with less drag, reducing fuel consumption. check out the video where the rc pilot gets […] 




 


monster bücker jungmeister
this big, 50%-scale bipe is powered by a fiala 250 5-cylinder radial engine turning a fiala prop, and its scale scheme is created with oratex covering and hand-painted markings. builder adam broomhead notes that the 61.7-pound model took about a year to build, adding, “no bloody gyro, it’s built straight!” 


1
2
3
…
250
next » 



exclusive model plansexclusive model plans
have a look!

featured video 






































video how to series, wing repairs part 1









video how to series, wing repair part 2






gerry's giant 1/3-scale fokker triplane









greg hahn's gotha g.iv twin-engine bomber











 do you have a video to share with model airplane news? submit your video here.

profile form profile data







profile form
in an effort to better serve you, our reader, and ensure a rich and relevant experience please help us by completing this airplane interest profile.







interest level (check one)
        *

  
 browsing
 
 interested
 
 own a plane



plane type (check any)
        *

  
 all
 
 aerobats
 
 trainers
 
 sport
 
 scale
 
 giant-scale
 
 jets
 
 drones



plane size (check any)
        *

  
 all
 
 micro
 
 sport
 
 giant-scale



plane fuel (check any)
        *

  
 all
 
 gas
 
 glow
 
 electric



skill level (check one)
        *

  
 beginner
 
 intermediate
 
 advanced
 
 pro



your email (confidential)
        *




first name
        *




last name
        *







  
 i would like to subscribe to the model airplane news newsletter






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



submit



δ






don’t miss

master the tail-slide
the harrier pass – 3d acro explained
hot turbine biplane — best of both worlds?
33rd annual london bridge seaplane classic
 show ad




 

 show offer









subscribedigital + print edition
digital edition
gift subscription
membership
renew
subscriber service
careerslooking for contributors
career opportunities
advertise with usmedia kit
follow us






 



about
newsletter sign up
help – contact us
media kit
privacy policy
terms of use
licensing and permission
 
air age media © 






 
 


                    model airplane news membership login                

 





use the account number and zip code found on your mailing label or renewal form.





click here to login with email address







remember me


not a member? click here




 login








email or account number


click here to login with print subscription account number


password or zip code


show



remember me


not a member? click here






                            login                        










forgot your password?

 
 

lost your password? please enter your email address. you will receive mail with link to set new password.

email or username










                        reset password                    




back to login
 
close
 
 wordpress lightbox

























 

