






mardi gras southeast texas – catch the excitement!





























































mardi gras southeast texas















 










facebook
 



instagram
 





























menu

 


home
about
giving back
krewes

the majestic krewe of aurora


vendors
kids kingdom




























home 








feb. 28th - march 2nddogget ford park 












 







tickets












 







entertainment












 







parade info












 







party on the plaza















 














sign up to be a volunteer 



the krewe of service organizes volunteers who donate time and skills to staff mardi gras southeast texas.  in order to volunteer, please select the position and shift you wish to volunteer for through the link below. volunteer shifts are fast paced and requires volunteers to be standing the entire four hour shift.  






click here






















join or start a krewe 



join the krewe of aurora or bring your friends and family to start your own krewe! participate in parades and join the fun throughout the mardi gras weekend.  






click here











 











 














become a sponsor 



sponsorships help support the community and make a great investment to help local nonprofits. click the link below to look at sponsorship packages or how your business can be involved in catching and sharing the excitement! 






click here















 














book your stay at hilton!!  



celebrate mardi gras in southeast texas and enjoy an unforgettable stay at hilton. when you book your room, you’ll receive a complimentary goody bag and a delicious hot breakfast upon check-in, ensuring you’re fueled up for all the festivities. don’t miss out on this exclusive offer to enhance your mardi gras experience! 






click here































mark your calendar for these special events: 

















 


								wiener takes all							

								this race is for daschund and small breed dogs----
dachshund’s will compete against dachshund’s
and small breed will compete against small breed							







							march 1. 2025						

							click here for more info!! 						

							click here						


















 


								character brunch							

								come to the exciting themed brunch with special musical guests and enjoy a brunch with characters. all ages welcomed!!!!							







							march 2. 2025						

							with special guest.						

							click here						














 






















2025 sponsors 













 

 

 













copyright 2025mardi gras southeast texas, inc.port arthur, tx 77642 | ‭(409) 721-8717‬privacy policy 







 






 



 
 




















start your krewe today







fill out the form below and we will send you details on how to start your krewe!













click to submit


















catch the 
excitement!







subscribe to our newletter and get all the latest details from mardi gras southeast texas! 













subscribe now!








 
 
































