


























school of natural sciences | institute for advanced study





























      skip to main content
    













































natural sciences


toggle navigation menu
















































natural sciences





      group nav
    


astrophysics
toggle astrophysics submenu



people


events


resources




particle physics
toggle particle physics submenu



people


events


resources


prospects in theoretical physics




systems biology


people
toggle people submenu



faculty


directory


members


staff


visitors


visiting graduate students


previous scholars




services
toggle services submenu



computing


library services


webmail


faq for members (ias account required)




visiting
toggle visiting submenu



faq for visitors




apply






    search
  




begin typing to search for a section of this site.


search



campus resources


library


dining












breadcrumb


home


                  school of natural sciences
              





















 















school of natural sciences










the school of natural sciences includes nine permanent faculty and approximately fifty postdoctoral men and women working full time on frontier topics in astrophysics, biology, mathematical physics, quantum field theory, particle phenomenology, string theory and quantum gravity.
members of the institute are free to work on any problems in which they are interested. in any given year, some of the members will collaborate with each other, with relevant institute faculty members, with members of the physics and astronomy faculties at princeton university, or with scientists at other institutions. the research in mathematical physics and string theory benefits from a strong synergistic activity involving the school of mathematics and the school of natural sciences. the institute programs in physics and astronomy are closely integrated with the corresponding activities at princeton university via joint seminars and lunches, as well as frequent informal contacts. research in biology is pursued with the simons center for systems biology and is focused on developing general theoretical principles that are unique to living matter.
postdoctoral members are typically appointed for three years.  for a few members of exceptional promise and scientific maturity, longer term (five year) memberships are available. a small number of senior scientists can usually be accommodated on sabbatical leave.
the deadline for application for memberships in physics and astrophysics is november 15. further information about memberships and applications can be obtained from the apply option listed at the top of the school of natural sciences page. applications in biology and requests for further information can be submitted at any time to audrey@ias.edu.















      footer menu
    


privacy


diversity, equity & inclusion


careers


press center


libraries & archives


sustainability


store


contact








school of natural sciences



          institute for advanced study 
        1 einstein drive 
          princeton, new jersey
    
      08540
        usa
  




              phone
          
(609) 734-8000



              email
          
contactus@ias.edu






              support
          

help our scientists and scholars continue their field-shaping work.
give now






              connect
          

enews signup












































        copyright © 2025 institute for advanced study
      









