

marriage matters at 2-in-2-1!
support, enrich and enhance your marriage at 2-in-2-1!
plan your wedding and couple relationship at 2-in-2-1!
marriage breakdown and divorce at 2-in-2-1!









































site areas
wedding centre
health club
marriage clinic
chapel
university
citizen's centre
coffee shop
admin centre
contents
articles
books
cds / videos
tips
services
resources
forums
membership
contact us
site map
link to us



search





















in association with:



 

















  
home








marriage matters at 2-in-2-1
- the one place to come to shape, enrich, maintain or repair your marriage!
marriage, from planning your wedding, to enriching and enhancing your couple relationship, support through marital problems, and even the challenges of breakdown and divorce is what 2-in-2-1 is all about.












the site is arranged like a small town dedicated to marriage - so whatever your interest or need just wander right on in to the location covering your interest and take a browse. or use the search bar on every page to find the items you are looking for.
weddings are some of the biggest and most complex events two people can ever try to arrange! so in the wedding centre you'll not only find everything for planning your wedding, but also loads of advice and services on preparing for married life.
marriage can be great, or it can be hell! so if you're looking for support, enrichment or enhancement for your marriage, then come on in to the health club and get fit! or you could enjoy the lighter side of relationships at the coffee shop!
marriage problems can and do affect all of us however. if you're struggling with communication difficulties, sexual problems, abuse or even facing marital breakdown or divorce, then come to the marriage clinic and let us start to help.
need more guidance? - simply follow the icons which will guide you on the content, or even by your mood!





 features

kate's tip
a fresh tip for your marriage every week from 2-in-2-1's resident writer kate!we don't talk anymore...
we used to be so close - but now we just never seem to talk about the things that matter...you don't bring me flowers any more..
as the romance fades, what can you do to rediscover closeness and intimacy?what are the strengths in your relationship?
try our couple questionnaire and discover new aspects of your relationshipgot a friend whose marriage is struggling?
learn how to help and support a friend or family member who turns to you for help.struggling with the pain of infidelity?
an affair can be a real marriage wrecker... but there can be a way through the pain










hot picks




-


-


-


-


-


-


-









discuss




-
marriage news from around the world

-
coffee shop chat - have some fun!!

-
marriage problems - ask for help!

-
visit the index









bookmark 2-in-2-1




-


press ctrl-d to bookmark
















 2-in-2-1 today


take our couple checkup - put your relationship on strong foundations by checking out the strengths and growth areas!
difficulties communicating? - 55 cards to improve your couple communication
what people say about 2-in-2-1 - we thrive on your feedback!
couples wanted!! - for tv and press enquiries - tell your story!
cyber sex and internet addiction - is the internet threatening your marriage??











copyright ©1999-2025 2-in-2-1 limited. all rights reserved. disclaimer privacy statement



