









fhn - we're here, for you.


























careersclasses & eventsgive nowpay your billmyfhn






 877-6000-fhn
  




homepatients & visitorsmyfhn patient portalpatient guidevisitor guidemaps, parking, directionsways to access carespeak up about your carepatient directivesrequest my medical recordspay my billbilling & financial informationrights & protections against surprise billsestimates & pricingfinancial assistance for healthcaregood faith estimatesaffordable care actcommunityscreeningssupport groupstraining & educationcommunity educationpet therapy programfhn in the communitypatient family advisory councilscholarshipsour economic impactquick factscommunity health needs assessmentcommunity resources (connect the dots)substance use preventionillinois poison centeremergency preparednessfind a providerfind a serviceaudiologycancer carecardiologyorthopedicsprimary carevein centerwomen's healthwound caresee allfind a locationfhnowmyfhnpay my billabout ushistoryqualityquick factsawardsvolunteer at fhndaisy & bee awardsnihpcommunity resources (connect the dots)our vision and missionemergency preparednessour economic impactpatient storiesinsight magazinenews releasesmedia resourcesradio programscontact usfhn board of directorsfhn foundationfhn storecareersapply online physician and provider opportunitiestotal rewards philosophycareer fair calendarcenter of innovative learningdiversity & inclusionclasses & eventsgive now 











 

        	myfhn puts rx renewal, health information at your fingertips
read more

           manage your healthcare anywhere! 





 

        	your partners in good health
read more

           nurse practitioners and physician assistants 





 

            the leonard c. ferguson cancer center at fhn memorial hospital
read more

            state-of-the-art cancer treatment close to home


 







urgent care




myfhn 
           patient portal




fhnowtelehealth 24/7



find primary care before you hang up the phone!




patient financial assistance




news








become a volunteer fhn community ambassador
ambassadors help fhn build positive relationships in the community by increasing engagement with area social groups and leaders. 
read more





how healthy is your heart?
heart disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women. in recognition of february being american heart month, fhn is offering special screening prices. 
read more





visitor restrictions
due to the increase in respiratory illness, fhn memorial hospital and healthcare centers are implementing visitor restrictions.
read more





post-birth alert orange bracelet 
fhn  women’s health  is taking action to keep its postpartum patients safe from pregnancy and birth complications.
read more





medical record requests
complete a request from your smartphone, tablet, or computer – anytime from anywhere!
read more





fhn foundation appeal
make a difference with a gift towards digital imaging upgrades in freeport and mount carroll.
read more





award-winning care at fhn
fhn memorial nationally recognized for high-quality care in cardiology and wound  care
 read more





medicare annual wellness visit
if you have medicare part b, you can schedule a wellness visit every 12 months to develop or update a personalized prevention plan. 
read more















 



tuesday, march 11
small steps big rewards pre-diabetes education
you could be in danger of developing diabetes and not know it. register now to get the facts on how to prevent or delay diabetes.
find out more





jan. 29-april 13
2025 get fit
take advantage of fitness center specials and receive nutrition and exercise information during this free program. 
find out more





support groups
do you provide care to a family member or friend? have you suffered a loss? do you live with cancer, congestive heart failure, or diabetes? join one of our support groups!
find out more





training and education
fhn offers classes throughout the year for diabetes education, cpr certification, safe sitter, prenatal, and breastfeeding courses. 
find out more







in their own words


bryant
speech therapy opens up communication 



karlene 
so glad fhn is here for me



cardiac sisters
sisters get stents at cardiac cath lab



kellermann family
couldn't be happier with their experience



dallas
they all go out of their way to help



tom
patient considers fhn 'the gold standard'



jim
arthritis relief with ldrt









classes & events




feb18
blood pressure screening, 3 – 5 p.m.                    blood pressure screening, 3 – 5 p.m.joseph’s pantry, 406 s. adams, freeport 
open to the public; no cost or registration required.



feb20
blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.                    blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.stockton township library, 140 w benton ave, stockton  
open to the public; no cost or registration required.



feb20
blood pressure screening, 11 a.m. – 1 p.m.                    blood pressure screening, 11 a.m. – 1 p.m.new jerusalem soup kitchen, 4 e. iroquois, freeport
open to the public; no cost or registration required.



feb24
living through grief, 6 p.m.                    living through grief, 6 p.m.fhn memorial hospital deaconess room, 1045 w. stephenson street, freeport
the living through grief support group offers a confidential place for those grieving a loss within the last 2 years to talk about your thoughts and feelings. we utilize videos, books, speakers, and discussions to help participants learn about the grief process, share stories of loss, and regain hope. to register or more information, contact fhn hospice, at 815-599-7240 or visit  fhn.org/grief.



feb25
prenatal class (session 1a), 5 – 7 p.m.                    prenatal class (session 1a), 5 – 7 p.m.stephenson county health department, 10 w linden street, freeport

the fhn/stephenson county health department series of prenatal classes is offered to all regardless of their number of weeks gestation, however, they do correlate a bit with how a pregnancy progresses. mothers-to-be and spouses/support persons are encouraged to attend these free sessions together. 

in session 1, the stephenson county health department staff will cover nutrition, alcohol/drug/tobacco use, comfort measures, intro to the doula program, and community resources. register for all of these classes online at  fhn.org/ob  or call 815-599-6221 for more information.



feb27
blood pressure screening, 1 – 3:30 p.m.                    blood pressure screening, 1 – 3:30 p.m.facc, 514 s. chicago, freeport 
open to the public; no cost or registration required.



feb27
prenatal class (session 1b), 1 – 3 p.m.                    prenatal class (session 1b), 1 – 3 p.m.stephenson county health department, 10 w linden street, freeport

the fhn/stephenson county health department series of prenatal classes is offered to all regardless of their number of weeks gestation, however, they do correlate a bit with how a pregnancy progresses. mothers-to-be and spouses/support persons are encouraged to attend these free sessions together. 

in session 1, the stephenson county health department staff will cover nutrition, alcohol/drug/tobacco use, comfort measures, intro to the doula program, and community resources. register for all of these classes online at  fhn.org/ob  or call 815-599-6221 for more information.



feb27
mama milk circle infant support group, 4 p.m.                    mama milk circle infant support group, 4 p.m.freeport public library, 100 e. douglas street
bring your baby and join area moms to share knowledge, build a support system, and gain up-to-date infant support information. this group is open to all moms and free to attend; visit  fhn.org/breastfeedingtaskforce for more information.



feb28
sauk valley community college rn interview day, 1 – 3 p.m.                    sauk valley community college rn interview day, 1 – 3 p.m.sauk valley community college - dillon mall
173 il route 2, dixon, il



mar01
safe sitter essentials with cpr, 9 a.m. – 3:30 p.m.                    safe sitter essentials with cpr, 9 a.m. – 3:30 p.m.globe and deaconess rooms, lower level fhn memorial hospital, 1045 w. stephenson street, freeport
class designed to prepare students in grades 6-8 to be safe when they're home alone or babysitting. registration is required – visit fhn.org/safesitter.

 the full-day course is $50, which includes the safe sitter essentials student handbook, completion card, and basic cpr skill practice. (class does not qualify for cpr certification.) financial assistance is available for eligible students; call 815-599-6707 for more information about eligibility






fhn










meet our providers
rebecca pedersen, md
			family medicine	





meet our providers
arshad shaikh, md
			cancer treatment, hematology and medical oncology 	





meet our team
jennifer thompson, atc, lat
           clinical operations leader 





meet our team
katie alvarado
            director of imaging services and cardiac services





meet our team
diane bardell, bsn, rn-bc
            cardiac services team leader





meet our team
lucy roloff, lpn
            rheumatology





meet our team
mark gridley
            president and ceo





meet our team
yvonne howe
            food and nutrition services 








getting around
maps and directions
visiting hours
café fhn
fhn market


about us
careers
fhn foundation
nihp
contact us
price transparency


our people
meet our providers and team
thank a healthcare worker
the fhn store


internal links
remote access (fhn team only)
vendor information

  1045 w. stephenson street
				freeport, il 61032
toll-free:
1-877-6000-fhn (1-877-600-0346)
wecare@fhn.org

please note: not all providers caring for fhn patients are employed by, or agents of, fhn.
fhn is a smoke-free campus. this includes all fhn facilities, parking lots, and walkways.
        © 2025 fhn  |  site map  |  legal notice  |  patient privacy notice
        website designed and maintained by m45 marketing.













