


















york university | located in toronto, york university is the 3rd largest university in canada, with a community of 53000 students, 7000 faculty & staff, and 325,000+ alumni



































 

 

 










×






global search
search box






search button

















    popular links  

programs of study
eclass
email
faculty & staff
financial services
libraries
directory

 search









study
our campuses
research & innovation
partnerships
international
about
 

              apply              



              give              



              contact              










your future awaits:apply for fall 2025
join an incredible network of students creating positive change by applying to one of our 150+ hands-on undergraduate programs.
apply now





                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                        
 homepage video description text




 


home




welcome to york university
amazing things happen when diverse communities work together to solve significant global challenges. when york university students apply their knowledge, they have the power to make things right. join us in creating positive change at our three core campuses in the greater toronto area  - keele, glendon and markham.


quick links

future students
current students
alumni & donors
events
news







official university partner of the toronto raptors 
at york university, we’re not just dreaming big – we’re making it happen. like our hometown heroes, the toronto raptors, we believe in the power of teamwork, diversity, and pushing beyond limits. 
learn more about the partnership






latest news



latest news
explore york

february 5, 2025senate approves in principle creation of york u school of medicine within faculty of healthfebruary 5, 2025york-led research advances diagnostics for hepatitis b january 29, 2025york university to lead international efforts in reducing inequalityjanuary 27, 2025york alumni shine in tiff canada’s top tenjanuary 23, 2025york u’s sustainable development goals report underscores progress in actionjanuary 17, 2025york u inaugural partner for new biomedical research lab in thailandview more stories 
richmond hill and york university forge new partnershipstage notesdarnell thomas fine-tunes the voices in musical theatre and beyondtransport canada funds york u project to enhance national road safetyyork u grad students take the measure of toronto's winter urban airflamenco messengercarmen romero believes in the transformative power of dancevirtual simulations developed at york u offer solutions for anxietyview more stories 






learn more
york is a leading modern, multi-campus, urban university located in toronto, canada. visit our campuses, apply and join our community today.



visit us
programs
admissions








 a community of changemakers working to create a better future 
 york believes that our diverse community, excellent learning and research, and commitment to collaboration allows us to address complex global challenges to create positive change in the local and global communities we serve. our staff, students and faculty are passionate about building a more innovative, just and sustainable world. 




powered by curator.io


we recognize that many indigenous nations have longstanding relationships with the territories upon which york university campuses are located that precede the establishment of york university. york university acknowledges its presence on the traditional territory of many indigenous nations. the area known as tkaronto [tig-ar-on-toe] has been care taken by the anishinabek [nish-na-bek] nation, the haudenosaunee [ho-dee-no-sho-nee] confederacy, and the huron-wendat. it is now home to many first nation, inuit and métis communities. we acknowledge the current treaty holders, the mississaugas of the credit first nation. this territory is subject of the dish with one spoon wampum belt covenant, an agreement to peaceably share and care for the great lakes region.





connect with york university


facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
youtube
















keele, glendon and markham campus
contact
(416) 736-2100
campus maps




community safety
privacy & legal
accessibility
careers




























