











home - the mendota reporter





































      tuesday, february 18, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                subscribe              



                newsletters              









 




            -3 °
          

            clear          

            forecast
          

















advanced search










toggle navigation




main menu






home




                    local news 



                          local news                        


                          national news                        


                          state news                        




                    sports                  


                    social scene                  


                    obituaries                  


                    tri-county news                  



                    marketplace 



                          this week's classified ads                        


                          this week's print ads                        





                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        





                    send us your news 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          submit news                        





                    contact us 



                          contact us                        


                          change of address                        


                          delivery issues                        


                          vacation stop                        

















 

 










top story






								blackstone first graders send kindness in valentine's day cards							


							mendota – there is one word and sentiment first graders at blackstone school will not forget during the school year – kindness.						



				more news				




more local news








discover the vibrant world of bird-watching feb. 22 in ottawa

							oglesby – nell’s woodland and the university of illinois extension invites the community to attend a winter birding event on saturday, feb. 22, from 10 a.m.–1 p.m. at nell’s woodland in ottawa (2000 alexis ave.).						









idoa launches "illinois grown" to boost statewide agriculture producers

							springfield – illinois grown, a new program from the illinois department of agriculture (idoa), will make it easier to support local farmers and businesses.						









conozca sus derechos - know your rights

							mendota – mendota 289’s bpac in partnership with mendota high school’s bpac is hosting a presentation by sara dady, a regional immigration attorney.						












ivcc scholarship application window open until march 6

							oglesby – current and incoming ivcc students can apply for nearly $300,000 worth of scholarships now until march 6.						









submarine down the illinois river program planned by mendota historical society

							mendota – for its first program of 2025, the mendota historical society is thrilled to welcome historian and navy veteran joe tokarz to give a presentation on a unique slice of world war ii history. the presentation is scheduled for 1-3 p.m. saturday, march 22.						









mass saves clients big money during 2024 med d enrollment

							mendota – it’s well-known mendota area senior services assists mendota and the surrounding area in many different ways.						






			read more local news			




 




e-edition: read the paper




 




the mendota reporter - wednesday, feb. 12, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											
























 




mendota money saver - monday, oct. 28, 2024


view this issue



													more special sections
											



 


















calendar of events












					tue				

					18				





					wed				

					19				





					thu				

					20				





					fri				

					21				





					sat				

					22				






 browse full calendar
		



 post an event
		
















						sports					


















trojans qualify four wrestlers for oregon sectional

							peru – for the first time in some time, the mendota wrestling team is sending four wrestlers to the sectional after advancing out of the ihsa class 1a st. bede regional on feb. 8.						









trojans rally past hall; princeton hands mhs first conference loss

							beating a team three times in a season is a difficult proposition. it’s even more of a challenge when the twice-beaten squad has its best player on the floor.						









season ends for mhs girls' bowlers

							dixon- the mendota girls’ bowling team had its season come to a close after competing in the dixon regional on feb. 7 at the plum hollow family center in dixon.						




 







			read more sports			






 







						obituaries					








obituaries








betty dufour

							mendota – betty dufour, 84, of mendota, died peacefully in her home on wednesday, feb. 12, 2025.						









joanne m. politsch

							mendota – joanne m. (haub) politsch, 94, of mendota, passed away feb. 11, 2025, at stonecroft village with her loving family by her side.						









timothy m. kromm

							mendota – timothy michael kromm, 70, of mendota, formerly of west brooklyn, passed away on jan. 29, 2025, in mendota.						




 





 










social scene


					m. weeks to mark milestone birthday on march 27				







				ruskin, fla. – marilyn (meuser) weeks will be celebrating her 90th birthday in sunny florida. her birthday is thursday, march 27.			



						camp tuckabatchee, srccf partner for camp maintenance					





						wixoms to observe 60th wedding anniversary jan. 23					





						local dar chapter hears of area good citizen winners; winter travel tips					




			more social scene stories			


 




this week's print ads









			see all the ads in marketplace			


 




find us on facebook

facebook










						special sections					








special sections








mendota progress 2025 – section i











the farmer's report - wednesday, jan. 29, 2025











word search











year in review '24











letters to santa






 









 

 









						web extras					









ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one




						(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …					


10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter




						are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.					

 





noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it




						noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.					


what are the most distinctive baby names by state?




						spokeo used data from the social security administration to find the most unique baby names in every state across the country as of 2023.					

 





the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents




						(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …					


start the day by sharing a heartwarming breakfast




						(family features) 
    whether your brunch favorites include bananas foster french toast or peanut butter and apple, enjoying a meal together is a heartwarming way to start the day.					



				read more web extra stories				


 












                  703 illinois ave, mendota, il
                          phone: 815-539-9396





links of interest


              contact us            


              subscribe            


              terms and conditions            


              privacy policy            




get social


 











          © copyright 2025 the mendota reporter        

powered by creative circle media solutions







 


