




   jewish historical society
  













       home
      



       about jhsmw
      



       news
      



       calendar
      



       archives
      



       oral history
      



       exhibitions
      



       speakers bureau
      



       publications
      



       memberships
      



       volunteers
      



       board
      



       plan a visit
      



       contact us
      







historical society supporters:
speechwriting







      this text will be replaced
     








       the jewish historical society of metrowest (jhsmw) is located at the alex aidekman family jewish community campus in whippany, new jersey. the areas covered by the society are morris, essex, sussex and northern portion of union counties new jersey.
      


       jhsmw collections
      


       meyer ellenstein, in the dark trunks in foreground, was newark's first and only jewish mayor. his term was from 1933-1941. as a young man he was an amateur boxer and is seen "sparring" with well-known boxer, max baer. the jhsmw has a rare collection of photographs of ellenstein donated to its archives by martin kesselhaut.
      

       the inventory of jhsmw collections can be accessed
       





       the finding aids and container lists can be accessed
       













       lippel school of dancing
      

       an eye-catching collection of photographs of dance recitals featuring "lippel kutie kids" held at newark's loew's state theater in the 1920s and 1930s represent the history of the second oldest dancing school in the united states, lippel school of dancing. the lippel school was founded in 1894 by david lippel and closed in 1991. the first studio was located in the hill section of newark, new jersey, home to numbers of jewish families who insisted that their children attend dancing school to "learn the social graces". an interview with freda lippel fried, whose father founded the dance studio, is in the october 10, 1991 issue of the "metrowest jewish news". did you attend lippel school of dancing? if so, contact executive director, linda forgosh, 973-929-2994 or e-mail
       
        lforgosh@jhsmw.org
       






       still wanted: photographs of metrowest families
      






       the jhsmw continues to gather photographs of metrowest families in anticipation of next year's may celebration of jewish heritage month. to submit a photograph and paragraph about your family's contributions to metrowest jewish life contact curator, linda forgosh 973-929-2994 or email
       
        lforgosh@jhsmw.org
       






        jhs searches for central new jersey history
       


        the jewish historical society of new jersey has expanded its mission to find and preserve the history of jewish life in towns in central new jersey with emphasis on union and somerset counties. this will include visits to jewish institutions, social service agencies, synagogues, and the ym-ywha located in union. private collections are also welcome.
        





        the first successful meeting to locate central's historic records was held at the scotch plains jcc. (left to right) ruth brewster, who donated the private papers of her father harry lebau for whom the "y" in union is named, jhs past-president howard kiesel, jhs executive director, linda forgosh who is responsible for the central outreach program, and jan kulick who donated a brief history of the first jewish family in warren.
        




        a visit from bryan fox, executive director of the ym-ywha of union county, leads to a tour of the jhs archives.
        



        jhs volunteer, rina eisenberg (left) shared her knowledge of jewish life in elizabeth with jhs archivist, jill hershorin.
       





       new collections added
       
       to the jhs archives
      


       warren grover
      


       the jewish historical society of metrowest is proud to add the papers of warren grover, board member and past president of our society, to its permanent collections.
       

       the warren grover collection features all research materials related to his landmark publication,
       
        nazis in newark
       
       .
       


        nazis in newark
       
       tells the story of how newark's nazis unsuccessfully tried to convert the city and surrounding area's sizeable german american population to their cause. the book documents the local jewish resistance to these efforts led by several groups, including the minutemen, which was a group comprised of jewish toughs and the non-sectarian anti-nazi league which sought to weaken nazi germany by imposing a boycott on the sale of its goods in the newark area.
      

       to access the finding aid and the container list, please click on the links below:
       


        finding aid
       


        container list
       








        weequahic memoirs:
        
        the slide program
       




         perfect for:
        

        * older groups who may not be as mobile
       

        *llibrary & book groups who are reading philip roth novels
       

        * class reunions & alumni events
       

        * history buffs
       

        an honorarium to the jewish historical society is required.
       









        this book features photographs from the society's "weequahic memoirs" exhibition. each photo has a caption and identifies individuals where possible and features a brief but thorough introduction of the history of the neighborhood.
       

        cost: $25.00 - checks payable to "jhsmw"
       

        shipping and handling are an additional $7.00
        
        please contact irene segal at (973) 929-2703 or email:
        
         isegal@jhsmw.org
         








         the "y" in elizabeth welcomed world war ii servicemen and offered them hospitality, a place to gather, use of all the building's facilities, and hosted dances and entertainment, including this traveling group of young women who performed at uso gatherings. photograph is courtesy of ruth brewster.
         






        known for her devotion to israel and her life-long participation in fundraising for the uja, mathilda brailove is seen greeting israeli prime minister, golda meir. photograph from the biographical files of the former central federation in scotch plains!
       

























        jhs celebrates "federation @ 90"
       




        curator linda forgosh, jhs executive director, in front of one of the 27 panels.
       



        as the keepers of
this community's rich and expansive history, the jewish historical society of
new jersey's contribution to the year-long celebration of greater metrowest
federation's 90
        
         th
        
        anniversary is a traveling exhibit that tells the
stirring story of nine decades of service and commitment to people and
community. it is called "federation @ 90."
       


         watch video
        






         great effort was taken by jhs curator, linda forgosh
(pictured here) who relied on the resources of the jhs archives and
representatives from metrowest's beneficiary agencies, to assist her in assembling the
hundreds of vintage photographs, artifacts, memorabilia, and video clips that
make up "federation @ 90." included is an eighteen minute jhs youtube video clip
with a narration of how and where the federation began.
        



         "federation @ 90" will be on
display at the alex aidekman family jewish community campus in whippany until
november 27. the exhibit will then travel to the jcc in scotch plains (december
19-january 17, 2014), and then to the "y" in union (january 22-february 25, 2014) and the jcc of metrowest in west orange (march 12-april 23, 2014), affording the entire greater metrowest community, and beyond, the
opportunity to connect to their history. the exhibit is free and open to the
community during regular campus hours. to take a tour of the exhibit contact
linda forgosh 973-929-2994 or e-mail lforgosh@jhsmw.org
        







        newark's history revealed
        
        at jhs archives
       






        recently, the jewish
historical society hosted researchers gail malmgreen and alix ross of the
        
         newark history society's archives project
        
        .
they have been searching our collections for all materials related to newark,
nj.
       

        founded in 2002, the newark
history society was created to tell the story of newark and encourage
researchers to delve into newark's rich history through public forums, lectures,
slideshows and other public programs.
       

        one of the major projects of the newark
history society has been its
        
         archives
project
        
        whose goal is to identify and inventory the many sources of printed
materials and documents about newark's fascinating past.
        
         the
newark archives project
        
        is now
undertaking a survey of relevant archival collections located in the city of  newark, in the new jersey-new york
metropolitan area, and ultimately throughout the united states. the result of
the work is added to the searchable online database which gives the researcher
information about primary source materials related to newark.
       

        the
database is growing by the hundreds of entries already added to it and
continues to grow. as of this date, the entries for all of the newark-related
materials found in the jewish historical society's archive are close to 100.
        

          did
you know that there are documents from the essex county courthouse dated from
1752 found in our archive?
         

        with the help of putting our newark-related
collections on the newark archives project's database, the audience is that
much greater.
       

        our
archive also holds materials from the
        
         newark beth israel
medical center (1901- present)
        
        which
includes the private collection of
        
         dr.
victor parsonnet
        
        ;
        
         daughters of
israel
        
        home for the jewish aged (1906- present);
        
         i.k.u.v. israel kranken untersteutzung verein
        
        (israel sick benefits
society, 1885- 1989) and other vital newark-based documents.
       

        to
search the collection descriptions the
        
         project
        
        has created to date, click on
        
         http://nap.rutgers.edu
        









        jhs honored kleinman
        
        at annual gala
        



        on june 27, 2013 jhs honored max kleinman, ceo of jewish federation of greater metrowest nj with its lasting impressions award. the event was attended by 150 leaders of the community.
       

        click
        
         here
        
        for photos.
        









        jhs honors newark
        
        mayor cory booker
       









         cory booker receiving lasting impressions award from
         
         howard kiesel, jhs past president
         







        help from washington
        
        gives history society a digital boost
       


        catalog records for jhsmw collections will be gradually added to the online computer library center (oclc) via the national union catalog of manuscript collections (nucmc) program at the library of congress. for instructions on how to search for these records click
        


































































































































      (c) 2010 the jewish historical society of new jersey, all rights reserved
      

       designed by hqinternetsolutions.com
      

       the jewish historical society of new jersey is a beneficiary agency of the
       
        united jewish communities of metrowest
       



      the jewish historical society operates in accordance with ada standards
     


      the jewish historical society is a recipient of a general operating support grant from the
      
      new jersey historical commision, a division of the department of state.
     




