







c&w western horse – handmade leather belts and halters







































skip to content










		58 peak lane, cynthiana ky 41031	

859-234-9905


anita@kyhorse.com








 







hit enter to search or esc to close

 













 





handmade leather
belts, halters, & more
$8.50 flat rate shipping 



wes forsythe internet services
d.b.a. c&w western horse
58 peak lane
cynthiana, ky 41031 








menu




home
shop with us

clothing & accessories

belts
accessories


halters

leather halters
repair parts
halter & tack repairs


leads
strap goods
bits

hackamores
tom thumb


dog stuff
hardware
liniments


contact us

privacy & security
about us


$8.50 shipping
view shopping cart




 
 
 





welcome



our business is changing….
we have decided it is time to scale back our leather shop.
we regret to inform you that over the next few weeks we will be discontinuing our leather halters and eventually some other leather items.
while our leather halter business has been successful over the years, we have reached a stage of our lives where we are not ready to replace or upgrade the machinery we use in that part of our operation. but those upgrades/replacements/repairs would be necessary to maintain the quality and turnaround time that you have come to expect from us.
we have decided to direct more of our time and energy to our cattle farm. also, we are quite honestly nearing what most people consider “retirement age”. while farmers rarely retire, leather crafters do. the pressures of staying in that part of our business are just too great in this stage of our lives.
on the bright side, shifting our focus from our halters should allow us to offer new options in our famous leather belts and other accessories.
we thank you for your support, and hope that these changes do not impact you greatly.
sincerely, wes and anita forsythe

our new website is live!
about the only bug left in the shopping cart is a random tendency to overcharge shipping by a penny. we can’t figure it out.
we still have a lot items to upload, but we have our best sellers here waiting for you. on this new site we are using a new shopping cart. it should simplify your shopping experience.

take a look around.
see what you think.
let us know if you encounter any glitches or find a mistake. you can always email our manager at anita@kyhorse.com or call or text us at 859-234-9905.

as mentioned, we still have a lot to do.

covid-19 closed our physical location. our little country shop was not designed to live up to the requirements necessary for safe shopping during the pandemic. we were forced to downsize and now all business is being done via internet and phone. we do offer pick-up for our local customers by appointment.
orders are still being filled. some are taking longer than usual due mostly to continuing disruptions in our supply chain. all of our vendors seem to be running on limited staff, limited stock, and we are experiencing shipping delays just like everyone else.









your shopping cartitems in your cartyour cart is emptycategories 
bits

hackamores

tom thumb



clothing & accessories

accessories

belts



discontinued

dog stuff

halters

leather halters

repair parts



hardware

leads

strap goods


  latest updates 

nylon off billets


leather off billets


nylon tie straps


latigo leather tie straps


solid brass engraved nameplates


 

 
 
 




copyright wes forsythe internet services 

terms of use - privacy policy 

wordpress  di multipurpose theme 
















