




dunk & bright furniture | syracuse, clay, utica, binghamton, rochester, victor, greece, henrietta, pittsford, penfield, new york
















  





 

skip to main content








days
hours
minutes
seconds

shop now






                location_on
            
you're shopping: warning






select a showroom
check availability
update your location

close





update



enter your zip above to search for the showrooms closest to you



displaying stores closest to





you may select one or more stores below





we found 0 stores nearest you. check your zip code to ensure you entered the correct one.




loading...





save changes


loading...


































search









locations

come say hello!


clay, ny


liverpool, ny - distribution center


syracuse, ny



view all




sign in



cart


0








search





search
















locations


view cart 0


sign in




























dream big, sleep well!save on your mattress set today!plus, take advantage of 60 month no interest financing with no minimum purchase and nothing down on mattresses!**start shopping mattressesbuy today, pay over timebuy today and pay no interest for 60 months**on in-store purchases made with your dunk & bright synchrony home credit card. equal monthly payments required for 60 months. promo fee of 2% of amount financed will be included in required monthly payments. 33% deposit on another payment type required. coupons, ashley and clearance items excludedlearn more about financingstep up your styleconnect with our interior designersour complimentary interior design services make it easy to bring your vision to life. let our expert designers help you create a space that's uniquely yours, with personalized solutions for every room.explore interior design servicesshop furniture by roomliving roomdining roombedroomhome officeaccents




 mercado collection - stationary living room group  

our price:
$1,601.00



 
 elyza collection - 5-piece modular sectional with chaise  

our price:
$2,528.00



 
 rio collection - power rocking recliner with power headrest  

our price:
$1,549.00



 
 violino collection - white leather sofa  

our price:
$1,299.00



 
 craftmaster collection - 2 piece sectional  

our price:
$4,129.00



 
 cheers collection - red recliner  

our price:
$999.00



 
 sectional collection - 3pc sectional  

our price:
$3,565.00



 
 violino collection - loveseats  

our price:
$1,469.00



 
 mercado collection - 3-piece living room set  

our price:
$2,234.00



 
 393 collection - conversation sofa  

our price:
$5,199.00



 





shop all

what's in store:discover the dunk & bright furniture experienceat dunk & bright furniture, we’re all about making your home a place you truly love. from stylish sofas and cozy chairs to chic dining sets and unique decor, we’ve got everything you need to turn your house into a home.  our friendly team is here to help you find just what you're looking for, and with our wide range of options, you're sure to find pieces that fit your style and budget. plus, we offer great customer service and hassle-free delivery to make your shopping experience as smooth as possible. proudly serving syracuse, clay, utica, binghamton, rochester, victor, greece, henrietta, pittsford, penfield, and the surrounding new york areas—come visit us today and find the perfect pieces for your home!storewho we aresavingseasy financinglocal_shippingin home deliverydesign_servicesdesign servicesdunk & bright furnituremaking your dreams a reality since 1927dunk & bright furniture has been a trusted name in syracuse since 1927, offering a vast selection of quality furniture, mattresses, and carpets. with two expansive showrooms, their friendly and knowledgeable staff is dedicated to helping you find the perfect pieces to make your home comfortable and stylish. their complimentary in-home interior design services ensure a personalized touch, whether you're looking for a cozy bedroom set or a luxurious living room ensemble. visit dunk & bright furniture today to experience their exceptional service and extensive product range.come visit us today










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?






















get special offers via text message!  click here to opt-in!













return policy: in-stock furniture items and any ashley products may be returned for a refund of the merchandise total within 30 days of delivery. customer is responsible for any costs associated with shipping the item back to our distribution center. we will pick up merchandise that is located locally for a modest fee of $249. return credits are issued within 24 hours once the item is received and inspected. shipping and delivery charges are non-refundable. items must be in new condition and in the original packaging to qualify for a refund (please do not modify product in any way.) if package arrives damaged, or with parts missing, please notify us within 24 hours. we are happy to send replacement parts as soon as possible. made-to-order merchandise (items with custom fabrics, configurations, finishes, etc) may not be returned or cancelled. see mattress comfort guarantee for separate mattress return policy. easy return policy excludes clearance items.****text message opt-in: you will receive up to 6 text messages from dunk and bright per month. message and data rates may apply. collected data is private and will not be sold or shared with any other third party.*coupons promotions and offers cannot be combined. save coupons cannot be combined with promotional financing and exclude ashley/benchcraft beautyrest, serta arctic, icomfort, and clearance. no interest will be charged on the promo balance if you pay it off, in full, within the promo period. if you do not, interest will be charged on the promo balance from the purchase date. the required minimum monthly payments may or may not pay off the promo balance before the end of the promo period, depending on purchase amount, promo length and payment allocation. regular account terms apply to non-promo purchases and, after promo period ends, to the promo balance. new accounts as of 07/16/2024: purchase apr 34.99%. penalty apr 39.99%. min interest charge $2. a promo fee will be charged equal to 2% of the amount financed on an equal payment no interest promotion of 18 months or more. existing cardholders: see your credit card agreement terms. subject to credit approval. percentage savings on merchandise is always compared to similar goods found at competing retailers.**ashley/benchcraft and clearance items excluded. a promo fee, equal to 2% of the amount financed at time of purchase, will be shown as a separate transaction on your billing statement and included in the balance subject to this promo. any taxes, delivery or other charges included in the amount financed will increase the related promo fee and the required monthly payments. for example, a $950 purchase with $50 in taxes and shipping costs, will be charged a promo fee equal to $20 and $1,020 will be charged to your account. no interest will be charged on the amount financed (including related promo fee), and equal monthly payments are required on such balance until it is paid in full. the payments equal the amount financed (including related promo fee) divided by the number of months in the promo period, rounded up to the next cent. these payments may be higher than the payments that would be required if this purchase was a non-promo purchase. during the last month(s) of the promo period the required monthly payment may be reduced due to the prior months’ rounding. regular account terms apply to non-promo purchases. new accounts as of 07/16/2024: purchase apr 34.99%. penalty apr 39.99%. min interest charge $2. a promo fee will be charged equal to 2% of the amount financed on an equal payment no interest promotion of 18 months or more. existing cardholders: see your credit card agreement terms. subject to credit approval*** no interest and special financing offers are only for purchases made on your synchrony home credit card. can't be combined with other offers or coupons. see store for details.. a promo fee does not apply to this offer. interest will be charged on the promo purchase from the purchase date at a reduced 9.99% apr, and fixed monthly payments are required until paid in full. these payments are equal to 2.1242% of initial total promo purchase amount, rounded up to the next whole dollar. these payments may be higher than the payments that would be required if this purchase was a non-promo purchase. during the last month(s) of the promo period the required monthly payment may be reduced due to the prior months’ rounding. regular account terms apply to non-promo purchases. new accounts as of 07/16/2024: purchase apr 34.99%. penalty apr 39.99%. min interest charge $2. existing cardholders: see your credit card agreement terms. subject to credit approval.we reserve the right to discontinue or alter the terms of this offer any time. all offers valid through 2/17/2025. layaway orders hold price for 6 months with 10% down. quotes without payment communicate pricing at the time quote is created. dunk & bright finalizes pricing when payment is received. pricing on quote orders may change. next day delivery on mattress applies to in-stock mattresses over $499 sold before 12pm.


dunk & bright furniture features an excellent selection of furniture including sofas, sectionals, recliners, leather furniture, chairs, beds, dressers, nightstands, dining tables, dining chairs, kitchen storage, entertainment furniture, office furniture, mattresses, accessories and more. dunk & bright furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the syracuse, north syracuse, east syracuse, jamesville, liverpool, fairmount, fulton, oswego, tully, cortland, ithaca, oswego, manlius, baldwinsville, auburn, utica, rochester, victor, greece, henrietta, skaneateles, binghamton, johnson city, vestal, watertown, pulaski, new york area, utica.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information


























×

track your delivery
expecting a delivery today? track it!







