














homepage | viterbo university













































      skip to main content
    














main navigation


about


academics


admissions and aid


life on campus




search


menu

































main navigation


about


academics


admissions and aid


life on campus



utility navigation


apply


visit


athletics


myvu


library


give





search







 
















 
your future
awaits in 2025
submit your app today!
apply now




 
schedule a tour
and score a viterbo shirt!
see viterbo for yourself













 



 
campus visit
a campus visit is the best way to explore what we have to offer.






 
degrees and programs
 






our city




 
 
life as a v-hawk
learning takes place both in and outside the classroom. it's important to share experiences and create memories in college! there are many ways viterbo students have fun, meet new people, relieve stress, and grow in leadership.
explore
 



 
fine arts center
the premier arts facility in the region.
 
d.b. reinhart institute for ethics in leadership
creating opportunities for education, research, and dialogue about ethical ideas and issues.





alumni
your lifelong connection to viterbo










our difference

 

19
average class size
 



 

11:1
student to faculty ratio



 

99%
undergraduates receive financial aid



 

1:1
student-faculty research opportunities





















news
more news








 








riverlorian steve marking to present "a visit from will dilg" at viterbo university feb. 27


            
      
      
            celebrate the centennial of the upper mississippi river national wildlife and fish refuge with a 50-minute stage production of "a visit from will dilg" by steve marking at 7 p.m. thursday, feb. 27 in the viterbo university fine arts center nola starling recital hall. the performance will be followed by a discussion and audience question and answer session.
      
    









 








viterbo to present "the marriage of figaro" at the weber center feb. 21–23


            
      
      
            love, lust, revenge, and a wedding…it’s all there in the viterbo university conservatory for the performing arts production of wolfgang amadeus mozart’s "the marriage of figaro" friday, feb. 21–sunday, feb. 23 in the weber center for the performing arts lyche theatre.
      
    














events
university calendar





feb


26


black history month community, networking, and trivia celebration




feb


27


a visit from will dilg with steven marking




mar


19


ethics lecture with peter feigl, holocaust survivor
























our stories






 






education comes full circle for viterbo student, former teacher and now colleague


                            
            in 2007, kindergartner nathan alberts thrived under teacher sarah mumaw-flury’s guidance, who channeled his energy into success. seventeen years later, alberts, now a student teacher, reunites with his former mentor—this time a...
              



              read more              












 






viterbo nursing graduate lyza hoscheit excited for career, future


                            
            there are far less difficult and emotionally taxing nursing capstone experience assignments than the pediatric icu at mayo clinic in rochester, minn. that didn’t deter viterbo university student lyza hoscheit, who was more than...
              



              read more              












 






viterbo professor, students hunt for new antibiotics


                            
            nearly 100 years after sir alexander fleming kicked off the antibiotic age with his accidental discovery of penicillin, viterbo university professor luke bussiere and select students are conducting research they hope will lead ...
              



              read more              












 






viterbo students grow from mission to casa hogar in peru 


                            
            viterbo university has established strong connections with the casa hogar orphanage in peru, sending students there on service learning missions and giving graduates of casa hogar the opportunity to further their education at v...
              



              read more              












 






dnp student zuri cevallos takes nursing to next level


                            
            students in viterbo university’s doctor of nursing practice program undertake projects or research focused on improving patient and population health outcomes. in the case of dnp student zuri cevallos, unexpected results from h...
              



              read more              












 






vusm students making a case for campus climate action plan


                            
            students in one of viterbo university’s core curriculum classes for undergraduates taught by cameron kiersch are on an ambitious mission this year: demonstrate to the institution’s leadership the need for a long-term climate ac...
              



              read more              












 






mihalovic is viterbo’s first endowed chair, funded by $1.25 million gift


                            
            viterbo university has created its first endowed chair position, thanks to a $1.25 million gift from an anonymous donor. scott mihalovic has been chosen as the first william medland chair of educational leadership, named to hon...
              



              read more              












 






frank a. casagrande gifts casagrande consulting to viterbo 


                            
            higher education effectiveness consultant frank a. casagrande has gifted the future of his company, casagrande consulting, to viterbo university. the in-kind donation is valued at $1 million.
      
              



              read more              












 






$1.267 million gift creates gennrich medical school scholarship 


                            
            a $1.267 million gift from the estate of alumna dr. joan gennrich has been used to create a scholarship for a female viterbo university student who will attend medical school.
      
              



              read more              












 






fast company: coach devon montgomery sets a high bar 


                            
            viterbo assistant track coach devon montgomery firmly believes running with the best helps his athletes turn in their best performances. he's going with eight of them to the texas relays, where he will compete himself in the 11...
              



              read more              












 






students partner in research that seeks answers in sewage


                            
            viterbo university biology, biochemistry, and neuroscience students are flush with opportunities to work with professors on research projects in a wide range of topics, from studying new microbial treatments for cancer to organ...
              



              read more              












 






future genetic counselor megan huss finds perfect career combination


                            
            viterbo university senior megan huss plans to become a genetic counselor, a career that combines both the scientific fields she loves. “it’s the perfect intersection of biology and psychology,” said huss, a biology major from a...
              



              read more              












 






dancer nyah brooks one of many success stories for class of '23


                            
            for nyah brooks, graduating with her degree in nursing will be the crowning achievement of a senior year in which, as a member of the university’s dance team, she was named the national association of intercollegiate athletics ...
              



              read more              












 






‘bat boy’: a show viterbo students ‘sing’ their teeth into


                            
            bringing "bat boy: the musical" to life on the lacroix black box stage in a mere five weeks is a major team effort, led by director teddy eck, who saw the original off-broadway production in 2001 multiple times when he was a th...
              



              read more              












 






servant leadership drives gundersen ceo scott rathgaber


                            
            when dr. scott rathgaber ’22 became gundersen health system’s chief executive officer in 2015, you would think he already knew all he needed to know about leadership. that’s not how he saw it.
      
              



              read more              












 






in serving others, karla hein considers lessons from her past a present 


                            
            karla hein's struggle with alcoholism forced her to drop out of viterbo her first time here, but she returned to finish her undergraduate education. once more a viterbo student (in the master of arts in servant leadership progr...
              



              read more              












 






shane peper's path winds from viterbo to interpol


                            
            biology/chemistry major shane peper '98 had a doctoral degree in analytical chemistry by the time he was honored with a viterbo young alumni award in 2004. much of his career, which took him all over the world, was spent in nuc...
              



              read more              












 






tim metzler '13 does first-rate work at second city


                            
            english major tim metzler ’13 talks about his journey as a comedian, from laughing around the family dinner table to becoming a top-tier member of chicago’s legendary second city troupe to his recent audition for "saturday nigh...
              



              read more              

























quick links
admissions
bookstore
diversity, equity, and inclusion
visit viterbo
registrar
financial aid
ethics institute
a–z index


quick links
business office
consumer information
virtual tour
employment
directory 
administrative offices
university policies
title ix


connect with us
  contact
  email
   
       

 

© 2025 viterbo university • 900 viterbo drive • la crosse, wi 54601


























































