
  

home - brentwood homeowners association







































+
























homeaboutbhafaqcity servicespublic safetypolice contacts & linksfire safety informationnewsresourcesresourcespalisades firehistory

						member login
					

pay dues
join now





×
member log in









forgot password?


































 


pay dues
join now




home
aboutbhafaqcity servicespublic safetypolice contacts & linksfire safety informationnewsresourcespalisades firehistory

										member login
									















bha board of directors with lapd assistant chief blake chow, councilwoman traci park, mayor karen bass and fire chief kristin crowley.300+ brentwood residents attend annual meetingbha was honored to have mayor karen bass once again deliver remarks at its annual meeting. after one year in office, mayor bass highlighted some of her accomplishments as well as issues facing the city. after her remarks she opened the discussion up to the audience where members asked questions about crime, homelessness, tree protection, and increased density in our high fire zone hillsides. fire chief kristin crowley, councilwoman traci park and lapd assistant chief blake chow concluded the program by talking about what the city is doing to address the increase in crime and the threat of wildfire in our community. councilwoman traci park and mysafe: la executive director david barrett presenting bha president thelma waxman with certificate recognizing bha as a firesafe council.bha becomes first california fire safe council in brentwoodfire chief kristin crowley formally recognized bha as a california fire safe council at the annual meeting. this designation will assist us in making sure all of the homes in our boundaries can survive a wildfire. a wildfire risk assessment has been conducted of the homes and terrain within our boundaries. from this assessment, we will be able to create and implement a multi-year action plan that identifies and prioritizes ways we can reduce the threat to our homes.read our newsletterall members should have received our newsletter in the mail by now. you can read it here.interested in joining the bha board?write us here!upcoming eventsmonthly meetingsmeetings are held the third tuesday of each month.click here to register for our february meeting.watch the video of the january 21, 2025 meeting with mayor bass, councilwoman park, lafd and lapd.click here to complete the member survey on homeowners insurance.email info@brentwoodhomeowners.org for more information.past eventsannual meetingsvideos of annual meetings:202420232022special meetingsmay 7, 2024. crime prevention and home security fair. wilshire blvd. temple - resnick family campus. 7:00pm to 8:30pm. register here.november 3, 2021. town hall on homeless outreach with the los angeles police department and the los angeles sheriff’s department. you can see the entire town hall here. local news coverage by cbs, nbc, and spectrum news.useful linksmyla311: request city servicesholiday trash collectiontransportation and parkingbuilding services



		po box 49427los angeles, ca 90049-0427(424) bha-8765 * (424) 242-8765info@brentwoodhomeowners.org 


			© 2025 brentwood homeowners association
			website powered by memberleap

privacy policy



