










pendance calligraphy - houston calligrapher - wedding calligraphy






















































skip to content











menu


about us
services

calligraphy services
faq
reviews
pricing


portfolio
contact
 























ready to mark “done!” next to “address invitations”  on your wedding checklist?











we got you. (and your big day.)





































have pens, will dazzle
houston hand calligraphy for weddings & special events
at pendance studio, we joyfully partner with busy brides, stationers, and event planners to create unforgettable experiences through exquisite hand calligraphy and engraving services.





























we obsess over wedding details for you.
we get it — the wedding planning struggle is real. collecting the full (including middle) names and current addresses from friends and family was dang tedious. and who has time to decipher all the etiquette rules for invitations, envelopes, and place cards?
you love hand calligraphy and have a pinterest board full of inspiration photos. you need a calligrapher as passionate about the details as you are and who effortlessly understands those pesky etiquette rules. you’re in the right place.

















we offer the calligraphy your wedding has been waiting for.
tell us what we can take off your plate:


































































































“several of our wedding guests told us that the calligraphy was so fabulous on the invitation that they felt like framing it...”


- karen waters, happy bride 







“i just can’t imagine how we would have put together such an elegant event without your talent...” 

- ellen kalish, mother of the bride 







“you were a pleasure to work with during what can be a very stressful time for a bride-to-be...”


- becky hymel, stress-free bride 
























why pendance studio?
we’ve provided impeccable hand calligraphy and computer printing services both locally and nationally to brides, event planners, and stationers for 20 years. our biggest thrill is receiving thank you notes from brides who couldn’t believe how many guests phoned or sent emails stating how amazing their invitations looked.
we’re excited to work with you on your next calligraphy project!





























need a quote?
let's get started!







tell us everything










 
















recent projects





















 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 















aboutservicesfaqreviewsportfolioclassescontact
















copyright © 2025 pendance calligraphy studio | terms & conditions and privacy policy | website by rka ink









 














