atlanta nightlife: find clubs and bars in atlanta by nightguide
homeaboutcontactatlanta nightclubseventguidebookmark this page metroguide.network > nightguide > atlanta home pageatlantanightclubsby location » by category » reviews » said by clubs » club events »(try keyword "dance" or a zip code)
welcome to nightguide atlanta! your guide to nightlife for the greater atlanta area.

known for having more bars than houses of worship -- somewhat of a rarity in the old south -- atlanta packs a wallop when the sun goes down. rockers from assorted generations have either grown up in atlanta or adopted it as home, often livening up the club scene. elton john lives part-time in buckhead, and groups like the atlanta rhythm section are also warmly welcomed. atlanta nightlife embraces coffeehouses to sports bars and high-energy dance clubs with electrifying rhythms for gays, lesbians and straights.

at buckhead's chastain park amphitheatre, music lovers show up with picnic baskets and candelabras to applaud artists like harry connick jr. or melissa ethridge. underground atlanta sizzles at night, and the atlantic station opened in 2005, reclaiming midtown's atlantic steel mill site with a two-story movie theater, celebrity-attracting restaurants, retail and other entertainment. among top live music venues, the tabernacle's five-levels with a restaurant host artists from bob dylan to ll cool j, ub40 and big bad voodoo daddy. built in 1916, the rialto center for the performing arts at georgia state draws crowds to downtown's historic fairlie-poplar district. centennial olympic park, also downtown, hosts the atlanta symphony orchestra. hifi buys amphitheatre showcases aerosmith to jimmy buffett. the georgia dome books mega-concerts between grid action, and the new philips arena features acts from cher to z.z. top. the masquerade features live music and a dance club, and other big draws include 9 lives saloon, buckhead roxy, the brandy house, smith's olde bar, cotton club, earthlink live, eddie's attic, and blind willie's. in may, soulful sounds of the sax are heard throughout the city during the atlanta jazz festival, the nation's largest free jazz extravaganza. throughout the year, many hot spots are open seven nights, until wee hours. 

to perform a quick search for nightclub information in the area, please select one of the options below: 
 
atlanta nightlife by location

·downtown atlanta
located to the south of midtown, downtown is home to underground atlanta, the cnn center and the world of coca cola pavilion.

·greater atlanta
nightlife in the greater atlanta area, generally outside the ring formed by i-285.

·perimeter nw
nightclub options to the northwest of the city center, just off i-285, such as marietta.

·atlanta airport - college park
nightclub options near the william b. hartsfield international airport (atl), the largest airport terminal in the world, and in the college park area.

·midtown atlanta
midtown and the tony virginia-highland areas are home to numerous clubs, theaters and cultural attractions.

·buckhead
a charming neighborhood located just to the north of midtown atlanta that features many nightclubs.

·perimeter ne
nightlife to the northeast of the city center along i-285, which forms a perimeter around atlanta.



 
atlanta nightlife by category
sports bardancesports bardancebarpubs
you can return to the nightguide atlanta home page at any time by pressing on the "nightguide" button in the left margin of the page.
said by readers...“comment on havana club”non-member, reader - “i had the best time here the night of my birthday. i danced until my feet hurt. lol i can't wait to come back to the &qu…”said about: havana club“la posturing at its finest”non-member, reader - “la posturing at it's finest. were on the guest list which lasts until 11:30pm. we get there w/ like 2 mins to spare. we …”said about: mood lounge“its all about fun”private member, las vegas - “friendlily, ice cold drinks in town.best of the best hangs here for darts. ooh la la the ladies. lets party...…”said about: churchills of buckhead“last night”member, mark parker, las vegas - “play darts? pool? fooseball? or just want tolisten to great music and check out the #1best place to babe wat…”said about: churchills of buckhead“very uptight atmosphere”non-member, reader - “the music was terrible. when i tried to request a couple of sounds i was told the play list was pre-set for the night.  …”said about: aurum« top of pagesaid by nightclubs...official descriptions are posted by an owner or a representative of the establishment.“a unique nightclub offering great service, drinks &  dancing”“rose bar is buckhead's premiere ultra lounge offering the perfect 
blend of sophisticati…”posted by: rose bar atlanta“hip hop and r&b club”“each and every friday we present 4play fridays. great people good atmosphere, and music. …”posted by: scene city“atlanta's hottest swingers & fetish after parties”“private social club catering to the swinging/bdsm lifestyle. weekly parties and events ho…”posted by: studio eris“two clubs, one cover!”“midtown's premier venue with 3 levels, 6 bars and 3 rooms of sound with atlanta's hottest…”posted by: cosmolava« top of pageevents at atlanta nightspotsthe ultra lounge enjoy an evening of mixed beats, multimedia and cocktails. no cover charge… nightlife - theme night the mark ultra lounge 678-904-0050every tue open mic mondays open mic night for local aspiring songwriters. hosted by attic founder eddie owen… nightlife - open mic eddie's attic 404-377-4976every mon early james pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal vinyltue 2/11/25 ax and the hatchetmen alternative music performance… music - alternative rock vinylwed 2/5/25 trivecta techno / electronic concert performance… music - electronic & trance district atlantafri 2/21/25 friko pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal smith's olde barfri 2/28/25 high fade rap / hip hop music performance… music - hip hop & rap smith's olde barwed 2/12/25 robert jon and the wreck pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal smith's olde barwed 2/5/25 « top of pageother links:celebrations and holidaysdeepfake awareness daynational metaverse daydigital twin daymetroguide.network > nightguide > atlanta home page« top of page 
© 1996-2025, metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsnightguide, nightguide.network, nightguide.community and nightguide atlanta are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.to submit your nightclub, please use our online form.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionguide
atlanta nightclubs:our readers'3 smile favoritescowboyst.j.'s sports bar and grillmood loungeeddie's atticsanctuary nightclubsutra loungetongue & groovethe mark ultra loungecosmopolitan lava loungemy sister's roomla rumba dance clubthe finish line sports barhavana clubcompoundtongue and groove





