










home - greater fort lauderdale chamber of commerce
























































 
 












  ​







skip to content

















































menu 
about about us mission & vision board of directors bod library meet the ceo meet the staff join our teammembership benefits membership checklist join manage your membership chairman’s circle trustee plus trustees councils networking & development membership directory offers & discounts member-to-member coupons marketing opportunitieslog inevents events calendar community calendar signature events leadership fort lauderdaleeconomic development greater miami business resilience blueprint regional economic reiliency workgroup meeting broward county infrastructure plan & economic analysis business first policy & advocacy affordable housing economic resiliency washington summitresources virtual library education foreign-trade zone 241 post/find a job about broward county about fort lauderdale about oakland park/ wilton manors/ uptown about west browardnews & media event photos blog subscribe to text/newsletter digital magazine newsletter








 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 




















welcome to the






greater fort lauderdale chamber of commerce











our mission is to serve & expand our business community by working together with business professionals in our region, providing opportunities, information services and advocacy.









facebook





linkedin





instagram


















calendar


join today 
 














calendar


event calendar 
 
















calendar


find a member 
 














calendar


member login 
 































become a member






the greater fort lauderdale chamber of commerce is the largest and oldest business organization in broward county. the chamber is committed to serving the business community and helping promote future economic growth and development in south florida.







learn more




























"another reason why i love the chamber too..... zero balance due when i log in and i get so much business opportunity because of that one time annual payment. thanks for all you and the whole team does day after day.  i wish i had more time to attend even more events." - john gillen, owner | gillen property management, llc 




















explore the area






see what the greater fort lauderdale area has to offer!





















                                shopping                            














                                eating                            














                                attractions                            














                                events                            















upcoming events














view calendar













view directory


















chairman's circle
















                                pnc bank                            














                                career source broward                            














                                fpl                            














                                visit lauderdale                            














                                u health                            














                                stiles                            














                                riverwalk                            














                                pier sixty-six                            














                                ocean land                            














                                nicklaus childrens hospital                            














                                galleria                            














                                fisher phillips                            














                                fhe health                            














                                cleveland clinic                            














                                bank of america                            














                                venice                            














                                jm family                            














                                memorial healthcare system                            














                                att                            














                                flt dda                            














                                the las olas company                            














                                bdo                            














                                florida panthers                            














                                eyeon                            














                                truist                            














                                jolly rogers images inc                            















next
previous



















found a problem? report it here!










 












© 2025 greater fort lauderdale chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












greater fort lauderdale chamber of commerce









phone number




954-462-6000 










map and address




512 ne 3rd avenuefort lauderdale, fl 33301 










email




contact us 










facebook





linked in 





instagram




























 © 2025 greater fort lauderdale chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top

















