

















home - psychiatry
































































































skip to content
skip to search
skip to footer




washu medicine 




psychiatry

 open menu




back
close
menu




search for:




search




close search



aboutabout

message from the head of the department of psychiatry
leadership
news
conferences and seminars
giving
history timelinehistory timeline

department heads
vice chairs
endowed professorships
residency training directors
directors of the division of child psychiatry
directors of the child and adolescent psychiatry training program


book on the history of the department


divisionsdivisions

division of addiction science, prevention, and treatment research
division of adult acute clinical
division of adult outpatient clinical
division of basic science research
division of child and adolescent psychiatry
division of clinical neuroscience and behavioral health research
division of education


faculty
educationeducation

residency programresidency program

curriculumcurriculum

general overview of the program


clinical training
psychotherapy training
leadership training
research training
didactics
current residents
resident accomplishments
social media and videos
graduates
applyingapplying

campus map
central west end


frequently asked questions
contacts
residency verifications


child & adolescent fellowship program
advanced practice provider fellowshipadvanced practice provider fellowship

clinical training
didactics
frequently asked questions
application and contact information


postgraduate research opportunities
medical student education


researchresearch

faculty by research interest
research centers & programs
research career development


diversity, equity, & inclusiondiversity, equity, & inclusion

education/training/professional development
dei research
mental health equity in clinical services
additional department of psychiatry dei activities and opportunities
dei funding program
diversity at washu


patient carepatient care

services & treatments
employee clinical services
why choose washu?
our providers
choosing a provider
appointments & locations
pediatric care
adult care
messaging, billing & records
clinical research
community partners
forensic psychiatry services


wellness resourceswellness resources

for washu employees
recommended apps & websites
recommended books & podcasts
recommended webinar & articles
washu community referral providers






open search



 

  





developing confident clinical decision makersour psychiatry residents thrive in a culture of early autonomy and supportive facultyexplore our residency program 









who we are


the department of psychiatry at washu medicine conducts research that defines psychiatry in the 21st century. we are educating clinicians and scientists who become leaders in the field and providing high quality clinical services to facilitate teaching and research.









diversity, equity & inclusion
we know that diversity, equity and inclusion are essential for success in everything we do. that’s why we’ve established the racial equity and justice initiative, focused on making this work a strong and integrated element of each of our mission areas.
learn about our racial equity and justice initiative »




latest news





brain structure differences provide clues to substance use risks (links to an external site)

january 22, 2025washu researchers found correlations between types of brain structure and people who try drugs before age 15. the research was published in jama network open.
vagus nerve stimulation may relieve treatment-resistant depression, study finds (links to an external site)

january 8, 2025by kristen rogers, cnn
pgy4 jessica williams was highlighted in a psychiatric times

november 1, 2024congrats to pgy4 jessica williams, who was highlighted in a psychiatric times article! in an apa session, she shared insights into the care of our patients with disabilities and also discussed a case report of a deaf refugee that she and dr. jarvis treated on the inpatient unit. further, she also showcased how the growing prevalence […]

see all news


expert faculty who lead a tradition of excellence





charles zorumski, md
expert in treatment resistant depression, electrophysiology, and neurosteroids



kevin black, md
expert in tourette syndrome and movement disorders



natasha marrus, md, phd
expert in early childhood development, autism, and developmental disabilities



deanna barch, phd 
expert in early brain development and the neural basis of cognitive control and emotional processing



view all faculty









this program is a uniquely incredible place to train. the department has a long history of leadership in the field, giving our faculty privileged insight into the ways psychiatry has advanced for the last numerous decades, as they have all trained and worked on this leading edge. despite this expertise, they remain incredibly kind, eager to teach and mentor, and unpredictably hilarious. i went into residency knowing i would love my co-residents and learn an astounding amount from faculty, but i’ve been pleasantly surprised by how much fun i’ve been having at the same time.
michelle cai, mdpgy2 resident




i have grown incredibly along with all my co-residents. i have felt extremely accepted into our community of both residents and faculty, and there is always abundant support from the residents across all four years. with opportunities to work in the outpatient adult and child clinics, i am very excited to explore unique opportunities as a pgy3.  
joshua hill, mdpgy3 resident




i have loved working with all of my co-residents — the program fosters an amazing culture of residents supporting and learning from one another! i am looking forward to starting research with our excellent faculty and supervising interns as a pgy4.
jeff carley, mdchief and pgy4 resident






william greenleaf eliot division of child & adolescent psychiatry
our shared mission is to bring new innovations to the prevention of psychiatric conditions of childhood as well as to deliver clinical psychiatric care and innovative treatment to children and adolescents.

division of child & adolescent psychiatry








why we love st. louis
here you’ll find charming neighborhoods, vibrant cultural and culinary scenes, and plenty of fun for nature-lovers and urbanites alike – all packed into an incredibly affordable city.

explore st. louis





multidisciplinary collaboration
our collaborative, multidisciplinary approach fosters an exchange of ideas that increases our understanding of nervous system function and ultimately improves treatment for people with mental disorders.

learn about our research















psychiatrywashu medicinepsychiatry@wustl.edu


contacts patient appointments
faculty directory
residency program
residency verifications

department linksdivision of child & adolescent psychiatry
forensic psychiatry services
intranet
news
taylor family institute for innovative psychiatric research
careers staff job openings
faculty job openings
 

 


©2025 washington university in st. louis















