







dusty armadillo - the place country comes to - country line dancing ohio - live bands - country concerts




















happy valentine's day!friday night w/ sarah kay from wqmx ~ dance lessons at 7pm






the dusty armadillo



               cowboys/girls on this site:
            

               14
            





 
		    
      






 








contact us






                     general questions





                     send us
                     your ideas





                     band
                     booking













































 


























come celebrate with the dusty 
						 armadillo! we have  party package options sure to make your party, or any party you're planning a hit!! we cater to anniversary, birthday, college graduation, girls night out, bachelor/bachelorette parties and company 
						 parties! 


we do it all and we do it right, so if you're having a party or planning a party let us help make it one unforgettable night! click on party central to book your party today.






                              welcome to the dusty armadillo, one of ohio's largest country dance clubs.
                           




                              originally built in the 1920's, our 5,000 square 
							foot, solid maple dance floor is perfect for line 
							dancing, two stepping, east & west coast swings or 
							just grabbing a partner for a slow dance.  the 
							dusty is host to many of the talented local and 
							regional country bands, performing on the armadillo 
							stage, as well as national acts and up-and-coming 
							talent.
                           


                              dance lessons are offered several nights a week in 
							our friendly atmosphere.  you can learn a 
							variety of dances or just hang around and enjoy the 
							country music.


							so, grab your friends and come as you are to the 
							place country comes to.
							 see you soon...
                           





                           please join our event mailing list to the right - 
							thank you



















hotels



click here for local hotels



all ticket sales are  final!  no refunds or exchanges! 
									




 to purchase tickets...

									                           
                                	please click on the picture of the artist 
									(below) you are purchasing tickets to see 
									and you will be redirected to the proper 
									page to complete your purchase!






















 charge by phone at (330)325-0647

 (during normal business hours)

 2:   stop in at the club 
  (during normal business hours)

 3:   on-line here










sign up for email updatesfor email marketing you can trust.









                                   the dusty armadillo promotions team wants to 
									keep you informed of all the things we do.  
									enter your e-mail above to receive our 
									newsletter and specials discounts from time 
									to time




























                           			 	     





 




local weather



















                                    the armadillo is everywhere! 
                                 










send us your pictures - 
									famous people or places w/ the armadillo 
									shirt













 
               












dusty armadillo ~ country bar/night club ~ the place country comes to



     	     
     © copyright   
       2002 - 2021 dusty armadillo inc., dustya.com. all rights reserved. 





