































    fredcantu.com
  
















              

     home



  speak like an #atx local



  cbs austin



  fabulousfredfm



  fred feedback






     

 

 











    
 





      
 fred cantu  broadcast journalist
media personality
#atx local "icon"



    voice of experience
 fred cantu aka uncle fred has been on-the-air for 50 years on radio, tv and new media.  a tech-savvy, versatile, award-winning journalist, a calming force in the newsroom, good with math, small children and fun to have  around.


      










as seen oncbs austin
     









curator offabulousfredfm
     







helping you speaklike an atx local
    



follow fredon twitter


  
 about fred five-time winner of best tv anchor (@auschron poll)1st place texas ap award for best feature (light)nominated to texas radio hall of fame fred cantu, aka uncle fred, has been a fixture on austin airwaves since 1980.  fred is a valley boy, born and raised in brownsville, texas.  he's a ut graduate and a notorious gadget head. hobbies include diy projects, home electronics, foreign television, travel and pop standards.when fred isn't at work he's devoted to his wife of 40+ years, two children and five grandchildren.


   fred fans


   
“@fredcantu you’re an austin icon and a true reporter and journalist.” amy h.
 
“i was based in the sf bay area for 35 years and thought i’d seen the best. then i saw uncle fred... #gameover” charlie g.
 
“got to meet a legend today. uncle @fredcantu. real ones know!”  jason b.
 
"fred aging like fine wine." hot 95.9 austin



   

 avoid the embarrassment.uncle fred helps you speak like a local   

local speak









       send fred some feedback
  contact us
   name

 email

 phone (optional)

 message







thank you for taking the time to message me.i will get back to you.--fred oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later



   

 where to find fred austin, texas, usa     

 

 





 contact   

call 279-888-3733 to leave me a voice mail or text message

















































































































  
  share by:








