



trails west retreat



























 
 
 
















bettystrailsbetty's booksour rootstrails west retreateagle's nest lodgenew ulm ranch homemap & directionsmore lodge picturesbetty's trails









 












  betty's books & more!betty
         smith meischen has written ten books mostly based upon her historical research of texas and the eastern states from which
         the immigrants to texas had their roots.  her ancestors were in texas as early as 1822.  they were friends with
         the likes of colonel william barret travis of the alamo and sam houston.  many of these same people had their roots in
         america going back to the 1600's.  at least seven of betty's ancestors fought in the revolutionary war and came from
         families that have been traced back to as early as 1200.  they have an amazing history from fighting along side of robert
         the bruce in scotland to leaving germany in the 1800's to make their dangerous trek to texas.    betty has loved writing
         since she was 6 years old.  she won literary awards at bellville high school.  in 2000, after many years of research,
         betty published her first book from jamestown to texas.  since then, she has written 9 more books, mostly on
         texas history.  for several years, betty wrote a column for the new ulm enterprise entitled "reflections."
         she looked back at historical nostalgia of the way things were generally relating to the area around austin, fayette, waller
         and washington counties but other parts of the state and country as well.  reflections part i and ii is now
         in book form which may be purchased directly from the author. click on the link below to see a synopsis of all of betty's books. 
         you may purchase a signed copy directly from betty or from the publisher.  also sold online at amazon or your favorite
         bookstore.   

click here to see all betty's books
 ****************   to our loyal guests who came to trails west retreat, with heavy hearts we sold
         our cabins in 2021.  we still do have available rooms in our eagle's nest lodge and our new ulm ranch home.  coming
         soon will be a newly constructed cottage in new ulm for short term monthly rentals.      





 




eagle's nest lodge
bed & breakfastlocated
                     at 10770 mayer cemetery rd, burton, texas at the corner of muske-ullrich rd.  (our address is burton but we are only 5 miles outside of round top) the spacious home offers three spacious upstairs rooms.  all rooms have optional complimentary continental deluxe breakfast. eagle's room features a king bed, two twins, private shower bath.blue jay room has an antique twin poster bed, antique
                     double poster bed, & assigned next
                     door clawfoot tub bath with shower.cardinal
                     room has a queen bed, twin & private shower bath.    

 eagle's nest
                        lodge bed & breakfastis only 5 miles from
                        the round top square. for reservations or more information call
                        us at  979-278-3409 email: bettystrails@yahoo.com     
                        all indoor areas are smoke free!  ~~~  
 in the spring, we have
                     beautiful bluebonnets, indian paintbrush, foxglove and many other wildflowers.






eagle's nest lodge























eagle's nest lodge
 ********
 new ulm ranch
                     home on 160 acres with 4 lakes


 


























 new ulm barndominium  the two story newly constructed rustic home has beautiful views of two lakes.4 bedrooms, 3 baths.  fishing on
                     a catch and release basis is allowed.  can sleep 6-10. 

new ulm ranch home
 -------------------------------------------------------------the
                        round top area - so much to see and do!!  most people are not aware of the world class concerts and beautiful setting at festival hill at round top or the
                        history behind the university of texas owned winedale shakespeare theatre in our back yard.  round top is rapidly becoming
                        a mecca for artists and craftsmen also.  the original blue bell ice cream factory is in nearby brenham. several new wineries
                        have opened up and of course there are antique shops galore.  there is also horseshoe junction for the kiddoes.round top chamber of commerce washington county chamber of commerce history of winedale texas shakespeare plays at ut winedale 
kids have fun at horseshoe junction brenham












enter your starting address:


street address: 



city: 



state: 



zip code: 













fayetteville texas pickin' park bluegrass festival
festival hill--symphony orchestras, ballets, plays, poetry seminars
listed on trip advisor!






undefined





undefined





 


 
 




 
               






























 















