


my create-a-book, personalized children's books, kids music cds, gifts

























to properly view this page please enable javascript in your browser!


  view cart contact us faq affiliate program fundraisinghome 

free shipping on orders $70 or more.we do not ship outside of the usa.







personalized books, music cds, dvd and gifts for children and adults!









personalized books 

create-a-books®
popular character books
disney books
baby and toddler books
birthday books
educational books
adventure books
sports books
books for girls
religious books
holiday books
picture-me board books
pop-up books
sticker books
grown-up books
custom made books


interactive storybooks 

my pet dinosaur
my day at peek-a-zoo
my lucky leprechaun
my neptune voyage
my day with spiderman
my day with the fantastic four



personalized music cds 

everyday fun songs
christian music
popular characters
marvel hero music
birthday and holiday
songs for baby
sports broadcasts
personalized digital mp3s


personalized dvds 

video speaks name
photo personalized video
dvds for adults
digital mp4 videos


keepsake prints 

the book of me
baby keepsakes
guardian angel print
first name origins
first name poems
birthday newspapers
anniversary chronicles
my handprint poem
cartoon prints
letters from santa
letter from the easter bunny
letter from the tooth fairy
pet pedigrees
fun stickers


gifts for grown-ups 

personalized books
personalized dvds
personalized love songs
sports broadcasts
first name origins
birthday newspaper
anniversary chronicles
cartoon prints
pet pedigrees


coloring e-books
book and cd gift sets
custom made books
gift certificates
links



my create-a-book publishing is on facebook! click the "like" button to be up to date on special promotions!
















free!! child star photo sticker free with each create-a-book purchase.(design may vary)


gifts for the ballernia.




personalized books for easter

the cottontailmystery
some bunny'seaster tale
my easterpageant

let usthank god
god's specialgifts to me
my book of prayers


personalized items make great unique gifts for the whole family.
everyone loves to see and hear their name. my create-a-book publishing has put together a wonderful selection of personalized books, personalized music cds, personalized dvds and prints that are sure to please anyone on your gift giving list. personalized gifts are great ideas for children and adults for any occasion. enjoy browsing through the pages of our personalized gift catalog.
personalized children's books

children love being the star in our personalized, full color, hard covered books that include their name, friends' names, hometown, age, and a dedication page. with so many personalized book titles to choose from you are sure to find just the right one. we have personalized books for babies, birthday books, adventure stories, christian books, personalized books about sports, educational books, holiday books and more. we even have some stories and keepsake books for adults.
we offer personalized children's books from create-a-book® the world's oldest and most respected publisher of personalized books for kids. we also offer best personalized books, the leading company authorized to produce and distribute books featuring many of your favorite popular characters. including superman ©dc comics
personalized baby books
the story of your baby's birth becomes a treasured keepsake. our baby books are as much a gift for the parent as it is for the baby! included in the story are the child's name, time of birth, weight, length, visitors doctor's name and even the hospital name. they are truly a keepsake gift that will last forever!
personalized music cds for kids
children love listening to music. just imagine their surprise when they hear their very own name sung in the songs. these personalized music cds are fun and educational. children won't even realize they're learning because they will be having so much fun! at my create-a-book publishing we have a huge collection of 45 personalized kids music cds from the kids juke box, mediak and just me music collections. no cd player?  no problem!  many of our cds now comes in a digital version. you can download the full album of songs in digital mp3 format that can be used in any digital device... ipads, ipods, smartphones, tablets, computers.  just about anywhere!

personalized dvds
your child will not believe their eyes and ears when they see their very own picture on tv or hear their name in these entertaining and fun personalized dvds. our music video dvds have the same fun music as our music cds,a positive message and most importantly your child's name!! our new photo personalized dvds are fun adventures movies featuring your child's face in the starring roles.back by popular demand we now have i am the amazing spider-man dvd, dora, diago and me, dora the explorer: whose birthday is it? dvd and my party with barney dvd


  



personalized prints
our personalized prints look beautiful framed and make wonderful and unique gifts for all ages! check out the beautiful background designs we have available for our first name origin prints and first name poems. find out what happened on the day you were born with our birthday times print. our welcome baby keepsake print is the perfect gift for the new baby or the proud new parents. learn about your guardian angel. we have a proud pet pedigree certificate for the cat and dog lovers. we even have an anniversary chronicle full of facts about your wedding and anniversary days.


letter fromeaster bunny$4.50
personalized fun stickers$4.50
my day with spider-mankjb$19.97
disney princess tea partyjmm$19.97
you are an angel lullaby cdsmediak$17.97
music for me cdkjb$17.97
my birthday wishcreate-a-book®$14.97
little one little onecreate-a-book®$14.97
personalized baby bookcreate-a-book®$14.97




page updated 1/29/2025








 




