




rising sun karate academy - toms river, new jersey






































































call us today! 732-244-9494 
 get in touch now!



facebook
twitter
instagram


















programs

kids martial arts 
karate
preschool martial arts 
birthday parties



reviews


events


instructors


blog


schedule


contact us


members only


request more information 














high-quality martial arts training for your whole family 
get started today and take on the best karate classes in toms river!
learn more





request more information









































by providing your number you consent to receive marketing/promotional/notification messages from rising sun karate academy. opt-out anytime by replying stop. msg & data rates may apply.



 











rising sun karate academy

karate • judo • fitness kickboxing • self defense


all experience levels welcome
you do not have to be super fit or an experienced athlete to take our classes. it doesn’t matter what age you are or what kind of shape you are in right now. we have classes for all ages and fitness levels and we will help you reach your goals – one powerful kick and punch at a time. 


get fit and build life skills
regardless of your age, our martial arts training is an excellent way to develop tremendous focus, boosted listening skills, and an improved attention span. plus, you can walk away with soaring confidence and respect for yourself & others!


learn the best conflict resolution
martial arts isn’t about making you a fighter or adding to all the violence that’s already in the world. we teach our students to avoid confrontations and to resolve them peacefully when they do arise. we also prepare you for the possibility of having to protect yourself, if necessary.


challenge yourself daily
at rising sun karate academy, learning new and challenging skills while having a lot of fun is the key to your success. the culture here is upbeat and positive and we always use positive reinforcement to motivate you to always do your best.















kids martial arts 

give your child the best chance to succeed with our kids martial arts classes in toms river. we offer cutting-edge, age-specific karate classes that are perfect for all experience levels and backgrounds!

learn more



















karate

take on the best karate classes in toms river today! these classes are perfect for both teens and adults and teach unbelievable mental skills while also producing real total-body strength. 

learn more



















preschool martial arts 

give your child the best foundation for success with our preschool martial arts classes in toms river. these little rangers have fun, make new friends, and learn vital life skills every single day! 

learn more













 get more with rising sun karate academy 
  we're more than just a martial arts gym. we're a community of families working together every day. 





confidence & self-esteem
we're helping students of all ages build confidence in themselves through accomplishment and support. our martial arts training promotes these lifelong values each and every day, offering you or your child the chance to grow every time you walk through the door. 



discipline & self-control
martial arts training can be intricate and detailed. that's why our students quickly develop skills like discipline and focus. we are offering the highest quality training in town and that means helping you master every element of your training, including the mental skills you need to succeed. 



self-defense
at rising sun, we never promote violence. we instead offer conflict resolution strategies that can help you resolve disagreements peacefully. but if physical self-defense is unavoidable, you'll be prepared with our cutting-edge training to protect yourself and your loved ones. 




new friends & mentors
we train as a team and we support each other as a family. in the martial arts, you can't truly succeed without the help of those around you and we are proud to foster an environment of community training and comradery. 











testimonials
what people are saying
still need convincing? check out what people are saying about us.








stan verstaendig, adult karate student at rska
      stan, before and after training at rising sun karate academy. if you need to lose a few pounds, give rska a try. stan lost 80 pounds so far!             as we age, responsibility and family take over our lives, and we happily do what we can to make our families lives better. in that process, ....  





joseph and stephanie mercurio, parents of an rska karate student
  please accept this letter as that of recognition for the commitment and dedication of all of the rska instructors. our son vincent began at rising sun karate academy in december, 2014. at only 3 years old, vincent was incredibly young and eager to begin learning and studying karate. from his very  ....  





the carrera family, parents of an rska karate student
         to the instructors at rising sun karate academy,         we can't thank you enough for all you have done for sam this year. you have shown him compassion, patience, determination and the importance and value of hardwork. sam admires and looks up to each of you. you are wonderful ....  





george malatsidze, rska black belt karate student
 thank you for all your hard work! rising sun karate academy is the best place to go.  ....  





sarah picone, karate birthday party mom
   we had our son’s 5th birthday party at rising sun karate academy. if you’re looking for something unique this is a great place to have a child’s birthday party. they were professional and took care of the set up and clean up. sensei koerner & sensei bush were great with all  ....  





parents of luke cherney, rska karate student
 my son loves karate at your dojo! thank you for making his experience terrific!  ....  






see our testimonials








family friendly martial arts training 
welcome to rising sun karate academy, where we have been serving families like yours in the toms river since 1983. by visiting our website, you have taken the first step toward becoming happier, healthier and safer in our ever-changing society. we will provide your family with personalized attention not found in other martial arts schools. rska is dedicated to fitness, family, learning, and growing and our curriculum emphasizes setting and attaining goals… your goals at your pace. we offer exciting karate, judo and cardio kickboxing classes, mixed with self-defense and a variety of martial arts techniques, that will help you or your child to unleash the giant within you so that you can shine in all parts of your life! get started today and check out how exciting our martial arts training can be!




request more information









































by providing your number you consent to receive marketing/promotional/notification messages from rising sun karate academy. opt-out anytime by replying stop. msg & data rates may apply.



 


















rising sun karate academy
at rising sun karate academy, we're committed to excellence, continued learning and, most of all, to your success! we work hard to maintain an upbeat and exciting atmosphere because we want you to have fun everytime you join us for a class. all of our classes are taught by highly motivated, award-winning instructors who make you the priority. are you ready to take on a better training program? check us out today! 






contact us

1256 indian head road,
                                toms river,
                                new jersey 08755
  732-244-9494
 123@rska.com





            copyright © 2025 - 
                    
                        martial arts
                    
 websites developed by 97display websites
             / privacy policy














stan verstaendig, adult karate student at rska


stan, before and after training at rising sun karate academy. if you need to lose a few pounds, give rska a try. stan lost 80 pounds so far! as we age, responsibility and family take over our lives, and we happily do what we can to make our families lives better. in that process, we sometimes lose sight of taking care of ourselves. i fell into that trap, which culminated with me almost dying and ending up in the hospital. when i got discharged, i decided that i needed to change my life style drastically or i was not going to be around much longer. that included making and keeping my scheduled doctor’s visits, diligently taking my meds, and i also needed a completely different and healthier diet. i also realized that i needed to exercise too. once i got the ok from my cardiologist to exercise, i very happily discovered the rising sun karate academy. i spoke to the people in charge about my health conditions, and how i was willing to give the dojo a shot if they were willing to take into consideration my health issues. so, just short of two years ago, i started my tenure at the rising sun karate academy. i had previously studied the martial arts, and i quickly learned what a fantastic dojo i became a part of. their instructors were above and beyond diligent in making sure i was able to do the curriculum without hurting myself. i am 68 years old, and they were always looking out for my welfare and making sure i was able to participate as much as i am able to. since i was discharged from the hospital, my health has improved in leaps and bounds. my plan was working. a big part of that was my weight loss. between my new diet and my new exercise plan, i was able to drop over 80 pounds in just short of two years. my doctor could not be more pleased, and she calls me her incredible shrinking patient. my blood pressure is now normal along with my cholesterol and my blood sugar. i “was” diabetic, however i am now in total remission. the benefits of learning the martial arts in rska are amazing. not only do we learn self-defense, we also deal with fitness, disciple, and we get the health benefits. the teachers at rska are the best i have ever seen. they really do attend to the students needs, and they really take an interest in their students as they look out for our welfare. i could not be happier with my association with this dojo, and i fully intend to study there for many years to come.  regards and kanpai!stan






joseph and stephanie mercurio, parents of an rska karate student


please accept this letter as that of recognition for the commitment and dedication of all of the rska instructors. our son vincent began at rising sun karate academy in december, 2014.  at only 3 years old, vincent was incredibly young and eager to begin learning and studying karate. from his very early classes the instructors showed incredible persistence and a heartwarming ability to connect to young students. they were always patient and able to redirect behavior to ensure that not only vincent, but all of the students in the class were engaged in the skills being taught and also having fun.  throughout vincent’s training at rising sun karate academy, he has advanced and earned belt promotions while under the guidance of the rska instructors. the enormous amount of time and dedication that the instructors put into karate and instructional training is evident and is shining through when they are teaching. they are not only positive role models for the young students which they instruct nightly, but also to the higher level belts who aspire to become instructors as well. we are proud to say that our sons train at rska!






the carrera family, parents of an rska karate student


to the instructors at rising sun karate academy,we can't thank you enough for all you have done for sam this year. you have shown him compassion, patience, determination and the importance and value of hardwork. sam admires and looks up to each of you. you are wonderful instructors!sam loves going to karate and we are so please that we enrolled him in rising sun karate academy last year.love,the carrera family




request information now!









































by providing your number you consent to receive marketing/promotional/notification messages from rising sun karate academy. opt-out anytime by replying stop. msg & data rates may apply.



 































