



index, ocshooters.com











orange county ny shooters  a site
           focused on orange county ny with local & state gun, firearm and handgun
           rules and new york gun laws. 
           how to get a handgun license and local
           gun stores, gun ranges, people, clubs, gunshows, hunting & shooting related
           events.



 
     ocshooters.com
         will give general information and point you to specific web sites that
         are related to local, state and
         national gun laws, handgun laws, ny
           state handgun license requirements, gun
             safety and related information.  
         it is designed to assist people who want to apply for a pistol
           license in orange county
             ny under ny
               law pl400 or who want to know more about the rules for the license
         they have and to give general handgun license information for all of
         new york state and information to those buying
           your first handgun and learning true gun control.  it is designed
         to promote the safe, legal and responsible use of firearms and to promote
         the local shooting sports, clubs, gun
           shows, local merchants and
         other hunters and shooters and orange
           county clubs and groups, ny
             state groups and national
               groups such as the nra.  
         the e-newsletter will highlight gun legislation, local political news,
         gun lawsuits, gun safety and other information important to supporters
         of the second amendments.   most of the people that you meet
         will be nice and will try their best to help you.  good luck and
         please e-mail me
       with any comments.  


help support
         this web page and yourself by
       joining the nra or renew your membership by clicking here




index
handgun license
genral info
hunting & fishing
special reports


site map
old newletters
misc
photo album
links




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 








help 
                          support this web page and yourself by
                          joining the nra or renew your membership by clicking here
(i get a small finders fee that helps pay for the web site.) 










click here to go to my blog http://ocshooters.com/blog/ 











 


ammo and gun sales after 9/13/23


this is the new section of senate  bill s51001 dealing with the new ammo background check. 
                          1. according nysp's last memo,  september 13, 2023 is when the new background checks for guns and ammo is  supposed to start. (vs the original aug. 1st date.) 
                          2. fee for ammo check will be $2.50  and guns will be $9.00.
                          3. only people registered with the  nysp can conduct the background check.
                          4. private individuals who are  selling their own ammunition will be exempt for now because they did not change  the definition of who the seller of ammunition is. (i am not a lawyer and this  is not legal advice. we will have to wait and see if they arrest someone at one  of the gun flea markets.) article 265 - ny penal law;  definitions; 24. "seller of ammunition" means any person, firm,  partnership, corporation or company who engages in the business of purchasing,  selling or keeping ammunition.
                          5. people who live outside of ny can  still buy ammo in ny if they are willing to pay the fee.
                          6. i don't see any part of the law  that prohibits individuals from buying ammo from another state and bringing it  back to ny for personal use. (this is really going to shut down many small gun  stores who need the cash flow to stay in business. this is not an unintended  consequence but a benefit to the anti-gunners.)
                          7. i had not realized it but the law  requires high school trap league coaches, who are required to be registered  ammo sellers, to do a background check every time they give ammunition to a  student at a cost of $2.50 each per student. following that logic, if a gun  club has a registered ammo seller so that they can buy bulk ammo for  distribution to participants in their trap leagues, those registered ammo  sellers would also have to do a background check at the cost of $2.50 each and every  time they hand somebody a box of 25 shotgun shells. see: https://www.nysenate.gov/.../senator-borrello-urges...
                        several lawsuits have already been  started and for the life of me i can't see how they can think that this is  constitutional. a poll tax for buying guns or ammo? one lawsuit that has  already gone to the supreme court asking for a stay of the new law was rejected  in january. thank you supreme court associate justice sonia sotomayor. ps: i  don't expect the 2nd circuit will deliver a decision on the 5 cases it has  before it until sometime in september.


the new new york anti-gun laws
dark anti-gun forces have taken over the ny state government.
we all just need to take a breath and wait for all of the lawsuits to make their way through the courts. while things look bad right now it is going to be hard for ny to keep all of the stupid laws that they put in place but some changes will stay. it is impossible for me to read all of the court filings and other documents. at this point i can say that you should not carry your handgun anywhere because unless you get in your car and drive around the block and then go home, if you go anywhere else you might be breaking the law. i went through the law and made it more readable so if you want to take the time feel free but remember that dcjs, the nysp, your local county sheriff's office, your local judge and others will interpret   the new laws and it might not match up with what the plain language of the new law. as an example, the law states that if you are not in your car you must store and gun, including long guns, unloaded and in a container that: “shall  be fire, impact, and tamper resistant.” but the dec and the nysp in their faq about the new law allows "a plastic or aluminum, lockable, hard-sided, gun case or safe will suffice for this purpose." i don't think i have ever seen plastic that is fire resistant, whatever that means.
s51001 readable and with links
nysp ccw faqs
 classes
i am not giving classes right now. the class is 16 hours long and you will have an additional 2 hours of range time. the shooting requirement should be very easy for most people to pass because you are shooting at a large target at 12' with only 4 out of 5 shots needing to hit the target in order to pass. they don't limit how many tries you have so i really expect everyone that tries to pass. i think that with some practice   stevie wonder could pass.
if you don't already have a license
you waited too long
if you have just decided that you need a handgun license i have to ask: what were you thinking. you are too late to get one in the next year or two.  
going forward
$350 to $400 seems to be the going rate right now but  i expect a wide range of prices.  you have  to remember that the instructor will have to supply the guns you use and the  ammo and the instructors will have other expenses like insurance. 




recertification of your 
                      pistol license
                    the new law is 3 years
if your pistol license was issued before 1/15/2013 and you have not recertifed you could loose your handgun license and if you don't turn in your license and all of your handguns when  the police to show up to take your handguns they will take all of your guns, not just your handguns. they will take all of your handguns, rifles and shotguns and they will destroy them under ny law! if you don't recertify your handgun license 3  years from the date your license was issued or when you last recertified, you will become a felon and subject to arrest and a mandatory 3 1/2 years in jail.
this in not a one time deal! everyone will have to recertify the infomation on their handgun license 3 years after it  was issued                        and after that, every five years from their recertification date. ny does not have to notify you! 
click here to for more infomation and links to the state police website and forms 




if you use the information from this web site
                            please
                            feel free to make a small donation.




 
(please donate at least $2 because of the transactions cost.) 







news alert: you no longer have to buy a handgun
                              before you apply for your license.
click here for more info 




my class
                            gunclass information 
                            handgun safety class 
    i wish i could tell you when i can start giving classes again but we will have to wait and see how everything turns out.
please contact "the gun lady" in port jervis if you want to take a class.
https://www.thegunladyny.com/                            
                            (845) 858-4990


e-mail me if you want to take the class 








click here for more info about my
                        class tbd                       



annual local events


2023  dates
nov. 4 - 5, 2023
2024 dates
                          feb. 17 - 18, 2024
april 27 - 28, 2024
june 1 - 2, 2024

sept. tba, 2024
nov. tba, 2024                          

orange county gun show 
orange county fair grounds 
239 wisner ave 
middletown, ny
click here                             for info

                          $2 off coupon 
make sure you visit the 



other local events


 


ocfsc annual dinner 
                      sept. 16, 2023
                      click here for info
                      

check back for dates for
                          friends of the nra dinner



 







start 
                        your own (your county's name) county shooters web page
any person or club or county federation can start a web 
                        site. we should have one for each county in ny state. it 
                        does not have to be as large as ocshooters but you can just 
                        give some local information. click above to get some ideas 
                        and info.

gun buyback program 
do you have a gun that you got because of 
                          the death of a relative or for some other reason you have 
                          a gun you don't want or a handgun that is not registered? 
                          you can legally turn in a handgun and sell it and normally 
                          for much more money than you can normally get from any "gun 
                          buy back program.," don't just give it to the police 
                          for no money. i have a special page on
how 
                            to turn in a gun
did you move to ny and bring your 
                                guns and now need to know how to "make 
                                  them legal"?
                                    if you need more information or want me to help you turn 
                                    in a gun,
click 
                                      here to e-mail me for more info.





 










ny rifle and pistol association pac 
                                   the rpa-pac website is now up at www.rpa-pac.org.  
we are accepting contributions online via 
                                pay pal.  checks and money orders may be sent via snail-mail.  
                                this is a very good looking site and worth the visit and 
                                a check.  

hit 
                                any key to continue






special 
                        reports
cobis or gun dna report:
a waste 
                            of millions of dollars, a waste of police manpower.
with copy of maryland report
local 
                        gun stores
g's shooting sports
                        master 
                          class, store & range
the gun lady, port jervis
thruway 
                            sporting goods
davis 
                              shooting sports
master arms llc

more info and 
                                other stores and gunsmith
other local ffls

   
middletown 
                        gunshows


how 
                        does ballistic fingerprinting work?click for a brief animated lesson!


ny's 
                        old assault weapon ban;
                          an explanation and breakdown of just the awb part of s8234





the 
                              2nd amendment radio show  
                              brought to you by scope, and nysrpa and others.  you 
                              can listen to the program any time.  don't miss the interviews 
                              that they have each week with the heads of scope, nysrpa, 
                              goa, nra and others 





special 
                        report on 
                        president ronald reagan (including some pictures that i took)



click 
                          here to see what brings terror 
                            in the hearts and minds of the anti-gunners



click 
                        here for special list of youth firearms


hat 
                        for sale




14 
                          to 21 year olds can shoot a handgun at a range,
                          click here for more info

the
                            newsletter article
ny
                            state rifle & pistol association press release 




kids 
                        and guns, gun safety and teaching kids how to shoot.


click 
                        here to see list of hunter education class list
                        classes are free, look for orange county









 


 

 why i started 
                      this site and about me







of special interest




lyme disease




prostate 
                        information
                      (always have a 2nd psa test!)
                    



kidney 
                        stones
                      (2 operations)
                    





guillain-barre 
                            syndrome foundation international
 (i had the miller-fisher variant.)
                        



guillain-barre 
                            syndrome, uk link




all 
                            about guillain-barre' syndrome 

my gb/mfs story; 17 years ago today








mail 
        me at gunclass@ocshooters.com




 this site is 
                          hosted by gun owners, for gun owners!  support 
                            businesses that support your gun rights!



disclaimer: 
     no warranty, guarantee or promise, 
                            express or implied, as to the information, which is provided "as 
                            is," presented on this web site or any of the sub-pages that 
                            make up the site. george rogero shall not be liable under any circumstances 
                            for any claims or damages arising directly or indirectly from information 
                            presented herein. information is presented for informational purposes 
                            only.  no information should be viewed as legal advice. the reader 
                            must take full and complete responsibility for the laws regarding 
                            firearms in his jurisdiction as well as proper safety precautions 
                            involving every facet of firearms and related components. this web 
                            site may contain errors, and it is the responsibility of the reader 
                            to check with his or her local law enforcement authorities as to the 
                            laws which dictate how, when, why, and where he may use firearms in 
                            any situation.  this site is not approved, supported, endorsed 
                            or in any way recommended  by any elected or un elected officials, 
                            representatives or employees of  orange county, or any other 
                            county, city or state.  the listing of any business, person, 
                            company or any entity does not represent any endorsement by this web 
                            page of the business, person, company or entity.  no business, 
                            person, companies or entity endorsees this web site.  no money 
                            is charged to be listed on this site.  all rights reserved.  
                            no information on this web site may be used or quoted for any commercial 
                            use or in any commercial publication without written permission.  
                            no information on this web site can be used by any anti-gun groups 
                            or person. ny gun laws, handgun laws,ny handgun license requirements, 
                            pistol permit requirements, hunting laws, firearm laws and regulations, 
                            ny fishing laws and regulations and other related laws are subject 
                            to change at any time for many reasons. while ny state laws are suppose 
                            to be the same across ny state however how the law is interpreted 
                            by each city, town, or county may differ depending on who you talk 
                            to.
                                 in no event shall george rogero be liable 
                            to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you 
                            in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special 
                            or similar damages. you agree that the liability of accuracy or completeness 
                            of any information on the sites arising out of any kind of legal claim 
                            (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) in any way connected with 
                            the information therein shall not exceed the amount you paid to george 
                            rogero, for use of the service, if any.



 

















 
                        this is a picture of paul revere that i took. 

 hillary kissing arafat's wife.

i have decided to remove the picture of hillary that i got from
                      aaron’s rantblog, aka aaron the liberal slayer web site at
                      http://la4israel.org/wordpress/






 





help 
                            support this web page and yourself by
                            joining the nra or renew your membership by clicking here







 



 


