








aqua pool & patio | connecticut swimming pool builder
















































 






















skip to content



(860) 623-9886
toggle navigationabout usour teamfaqcareers at aqua poolcustomer referral programawardsour business associatespool storepool constructionresidential poolscommercial poolspool renovationpool maintenancepool openings & closingsroutine pool maintenance & vacation sittingfree pool water testingtoggle navigationbloggallerytestimonialscontact uswelcome to aqua pool & patiotop 50 pool builder in the u.s. for 11 years in a row
founded in 1970(860) 623-9886
toggle navigationhomeabout usour teamfaqcareers at aqua poolcustomer referral programawardsour business associatespool storepool constructionresidential poolscommercial poolspool renovationpool maintenancepool openings & closingsroutine pool maintenance & vacation sittingfree pool water testingbloggallerytestimonialscontact uswelcome to aqua pool & patiotop 50 pool builder in the u.s. for 11 years in a row
founded in 1970toggle navigationhomeabout usour teamfaqcareers at aqua poolcustomer referral programawardsour business associatespool storepool constructionresidential poolscommercial poolspool renovationpool maintenancepool openings & closingsroutine pool maintenance & vacation sittingfree pool water testingbloggallerytestimonialscontact uswelcome to
aqua pool & patiotop 50 pool builder in the u.s. for 11 years in a row
founded in 1970
 






free pool quoteget a no obligation pool quote
contact servicelet us maintain your pool
pool storeone-stop shop for supplies and expertise
financingcompetitive rates available
poolside paradise, built to perfectionwhen you opt to have your pool installed or renovated by aqua pool & patio, you can be assured of receiving unmatched expertise paired with exceptional customer service. we’ve been providing swimming pool design, new pool installation, swimming pool renovations, pool construction and a full range of comprehensive maintenance programs to connecticut, rhode island and massachusetts communities since 1970. our time-tested 10-step engineering process delivers beautiful and structurally sound pools designed to stand the test of time.
aqua pool & patio is the premier in-ground, gunite swimming pool builder and installer in ct. we provide custom swimming pool design, new pool installation, swimming pool renovations, commercial pool construction and a wide array of pool maintenance programs. we can even create a custom gunite water features!
how much does an inground gunite pool cost?
why choose gunite for your inground pool?
how long does it take to install a gunite pool?
self-cleaning pools?build a pool that cleans itself, so you don’t have to!
built right into the pool shell pv-r is engineered to clean your entire pool, including floors, steps, benches, even spas. when not operating, pv-r disappears back into the pool floor, making it virtually invisible. there are no vacuum hoses left floating in the pool. all that’s left is a sparkling clean pool that’s ready to enjoy. pv-r is custom-designed for your unique pool shape. it is so effective that it will clean 99% of your entire pool, guaranteed, as well as significantly reduce heating and chemical costs for the life of your pool.
learn moreswimming pool financingswimming pool financingwhether you are having a new swimming pool built at your home, or having your existing pool extensively renovated, determining how to finance your pool is one of the most important decisions you’ll make. working with a reputable lender can turn your dreams of having an aqua pool or spa in your backyard in the future into a right-now reality.
whether you are having a new swimming pool built at your home, or having your existing pool extensively renovated, determining how to finance your pool is one of the most important decisions you’ll make. working with a reputable lender can turn your dreams of having an aqua pool or spa in your backyard in the future into a right-now reality.
learn moreyour new pool is waiting!what type of pool can we make for you? flip through some of our past work here!
geometricfree formvanishing edgespascommercial




 
 
          
aqua pool53 newberry road,
east windsor, ct
06088
(860) 623-9886
info@aquapool.com
spb.44 • nhc.0010353 • sp1.0280519


 
 
page load link

 
























































































go to top




