







import flowers





























































































sign in
my account




















start here


            diy florals
          

              hello
            



        pre order now
      





back





 about 


 welcome 


 designers 


 diy 


 










































sign in
my account


































start here


 about 
 welcome 
 designers 
 diy 
 

diy floralshello











pre order now































the best resource
for professional designers










nashville's choice
for the diy flower enthusiast










the best selection
for any event, special occassion or the every day
















 

flowers for generationsa beautiful historyit’s a little unassuming brick building. but step inside to a world of incredible beauty and exceptional service. from our abundant selection of always-incredible inventory to our knowledgeable staff, you will have access to the most amazing, freshest selection of flowers in nashville and anywhere around. 

  






we are nashville’s choice for a unique mix of lush local and exotic flowers, greeneries, garlands, wreaths, and succulents for 35 years. 











how to orderour inventory selection is always impressive. we import directly from growers in ecuador, italy, holland, and south america. we have an experienced staff with an extensive knowledge of flowers . come take a look at the flowers, we’re happy to have you. 








no. 1 buy onlineour convenient online shop has everything you need for your diy flower project




    buy now
  











 no. 2direct buyfor designers with an established business, we offer our direct buy program. please inquire with us for more details. 




    inquire
  











ordering flowers or just walking in to shop our coolers, we are here to help!








home gallery



about



what we offer



how to order intro



buy online



direct buy



new page














aboutbuy nowcall usemail us









find us3636 murphy rdnashville tn 37209(615) 297-0397hours7-4 mon-fri 7-12 sat. 



photography by jordan & alaina photography

 



import flowers nashville | site by deanna burks









