






coral reef ecosystems - noaa/aoml



























































 



 



 an official website of the united states government  
here’s how you know 



 an official website of the united states government  
here’s how you know 



official websites use .gov
a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.


secure .gov websites use https  
a lock (
 
lock
a locked padlock

              ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.










toggle navigation







news
research

projects
hurricane research division
ocean chemistry & ecosystems division
physical oceanography division


resources

data
media resources
outreach & education


about

our organization
our partners
our history
awards
careers
research seminars


contact

 
 












coral reef ecosystems

coral reef ecosystems


informing and enhancing coral restoration





<!–
jump to data or scroll to learn more
–>





what we do
our research aims to identify corals that are more resilient in the presence of stressors like warming oceans, ocean acidification, and spread of novel diseases. informing coral selection by managers and enhancing tools available to maximize coral resilience allows resource managers to be more effective with their restoration plans, especially when out-planting corals to the reef.





who we are


ian enochs305.361.4399


| ian enochs, ph.d.
principal investigator


nicole besemer305-361-4374


| nicole besemer
lab manager


michael studivan305.361.4361


| michael studivan, ph.d.
assistant scientist


ana palacio305.361.4516


| ana palacio, ph.d. 
assistant scientist


michael jankulak305.361.4543


| michael jankulak
data manager


heidi hirsh


| heidi hirsh, ph.d.
assistant scientist


albert boyd305.361.4458


| albert boyd
coral carbonate chemist


richard karp+1786.671.8726


| richard karp,  ph.d.
postdoctoral associate


john morris


| john morris, ph.d. 
postdoctoral associate


alice webb305.562.1203


| alice webb, ph.d.
postdoctoral associate


emma pontes, ph.d.


| emma pontes,  ph.d.
postdoctoral associate


bradley weiler786.475.7960


| bradley weiler, ph.d. 
postdoctoral associate


ashley rossin786.627.1547


| ashley rossin, ph.d.
postdoctoral associate


nash soderberg305.361.4452


| nash soderberg
research associate


patrick kiel


| patrick kiel
doctoral candidate


taylor gill617.913.9706


| taylor gill
mission: iconic reefs environmental monitoring coordinator


bailey ross, m.p.s.


| bailey ross, mps
research support technician


kenzie cooke


| kenzie cooke
undergraduate student 


ben chomitz617.913.9706


| ben chomitz
digital morphology technician





areas of research





the national coral reef monitoring program


urban corals in the port of miami


threats to coral reefs


coral restoration and resilience


investigating coral disease transmission and mitigation strategies


research capabilities





experimental reef lab


advanced manufacturing and design lab


sub-surface automated samplers


digital morphology laboratory





top news


new study reveals impacts of suspended sediment from port miami on larvae from threatened caribbean coral july 16, 2024new study led by scientists at cimas, aoml and nmfs reveals impacts of suspended sediment from port miami on early life stages of a threatened caribbean coral species. 
continued...new study reveals impacts of suspended sediment from port miami on larvae from threatened caribbean coral 




read more news




investigating the impacts of climate change on reef-building corals using robotic arms a bold and unprecedented new effort to tackle the vast threats to marine ecosystemsnoaa scientists return to cheeca rocks, find reef completely bleached what a marine heatwave means for south florida




research impacts & key findings


understanding coral reef ecosystems the long-term and comprehensive study of coral reef ecosystems improves understanding of how coral reefs respond to changes in the environment over time and predict how they will fare when exposed to increasing sea surface temperatures, ocean acidification, fishing, disease and pollution from land. aoml’s coral program has collected years of data and leads the in-situ climate change and ocean acidification monitoring for the atlantic, caribbean, and gulf of mexico.
creating partnerships aoml’s coral program is an integrated and focused monitoring effort developing and maintaining strong partnerships with federal, state/territory, academic and other partners across the u.s. the program collaborates with partners such as noaa national marine sanctuaries, noaa fisheries, noaa coral reef watch, noaa national centers for ocean and coastal science, the university of virgin islands, u.s. environmental protection agency, environmental moorings international, and and the national park service.
critical high impact data aoml’s coral program provides consistent, sustained, and long‐term measurements of key indicators that gauge the status and trends of coral reef health providing a greater understanding of how a changing climate is impacting the nation’s coral reef ecosystems.
aoml’s coral restoration and resilience research has found that corals exposed to variable temperature treatment in the laboratory for 90 days were better able to withstand the warmer ocean temperatures caused by climate change. the temperature-treated corals were also less likely to succumb to bleaching, while untreated corals experienced more rapid tissue loss and necrosis. these findings offer coral restoration scientists with a new approach to potentially increase the success rate of planting nursery-raised staghorn coral onto degraded reefs. currently, tens of thousands of acroporid colonies are raised and outplanted on florida’s coral reef every year, with >70% survivorship observed one year after outplanting.
percentage survivorship of coral colonies raised and outplanted on florida coral reefs every yearaoml’s coral scientists have led 16 national coral reef monitoring program cruises to six field sites in the atlantic, caribbean, and gulf of mexico gathering valuable data used to provide a comprehensive view of the effects of climate change on coral reef ecosystems. over 3000 water samples have been processed. this data has been used to examine coral response to precise, controlled changes in environmental conditions and determine coral resilience to stressors such as rising temperatures, ocean acidification, and nutrient flux.
water samples collected and analyzed


featured publication





coral reef carbonate chemistry reveals interannual, seasonal, and spatial impacts on ocean acidification off floridaapril 2, 2024 class=”has-small-font-size”>a. m. palacio-castro, i. c. enochs, et al. 
ocean acidification (oa) threatens coral reef persistence by decreasing calcification and accelerating the dissolution of reef frameworks. the carbonate chemistry of coastal areas where many reefs exist is strongly influenced by the metabolic activity of the underlying benthic community, contributing to high spatiotemporal variability. while characterizing this variability is difficult, it has important implications for the progression of oa and the persistence of the ecosystems. here, we characterized the carbonate chemistry at 38 permanent stations located along 10 inshore-offshore transects spanning 250 km of the florida coral reef (fcr), which encompass four major biogeographic regions (biscayne bay, upper keys, middle keys, and lower keys) and four shelf zones (inshore, mid-channel, offshore, and oceanic). data have been collected since 2010, with approximately bi-monthly periodicity starting in 2015. increasing oa, driven by increasing dic, was detected in the mid-channel, offshore, and oceanic zones in every biogeographic region. in the inshore zone, however, increasing ta counteracted any measurable oa trend. strong seasonal variability occurred at inshore sites and included periods of both exacerbated and mitigated oa. seasonality was region-dependent, with greater variability in the lower and middle keys. elevated ph and aragonite saturation states (ωar) were observed in the upper and middle keys, which could favor reef habitat persistence in these regions. offshore reefs in the fcr could be more susceptible to global oa by experiencing open-ocean-like water chemistry conditions. by contrast, higher seasonal variability at inshore reefs could offer a temporary oa refuge during periods of enhanced primary production.
download the full paper











outreach partnerships





coral city camera
in collaboration with coral morphologic, a coral-themed art studio based in miami, we have assisted in the deployment of the coral city camera (ccc), an underwater camera streaming live from an urban coral reef in miami, florida. the ccc is a public art and scientific research project led primarily by coral morphologic, and produced with bridge initiative and bas fisher invitational.





funding sources and partners































































































































 










quicklinkscontact us
homepage
hurricane faq
publication search
people search
careers
webmaster
 

agency linksdepartment of commerce
national oceanic and atmospheric administration
noaa research
about the lablaboratory reviews
2024 accomplishments
strategic plan
our charter
our history
 

for employeesinternal aoml google site
communications services
facilities management
check email
emergency plans (vpn required)
translate 

legalprivacy policy
disclaimer
noaa freedom of information act
information quality
no-fear act
doc plain language information
doc open government
 























							copyright © 2025 noaa's atlantic oceanographic and meteorological laboratory. all rights reserved.

							proudly powered by visual composer and wordpress



























