




 

 
 








queen of the valley medical center | providence









 

































englishespañol







languages


english


español











skip to main content
 




















provide your location


we'll use your location to find clinics, hospitals and doctors closest to you.







zip code or city






















mychart    






pay my bill    






careers    










 









 
                                    my account
                                
 













 
 
 













 



















popular searches





quick links

























find a doctor    






locations    







services    












cancer    




heart & vascular    




neurosciences    




orthopedics    




primary care    






pediatrics    




maternity    




urgent care    




view all    









get care    












see a doctor    




same day care    




get care virtually    




download providence app    




schedule with mychart     









billing support    












online bill pay    




help paying your bill    




get a price estimate    








pay my bill    






mychart    






careers    

























popular searches





quick links











 

 








 






                                queen of the valley medical center
                            






queen of the valley medical center


about us




advocacy
awards and accreditation
community outreach
medical staff services
volunteer opportunities






our departments






colonoscopy program
nutrition and diabetes wellness
breast center
emergency and trauma
heart care






imaging
neuroscience center
palliative care
spine care
view all








patients and visitors






admitting and discharge
advance care planning
medical records
insurance and health plans
patient experience






patient rights and responsibilities
patient information
preparing for surgery
spiritual care and chapel
visitor information








classes and events


contact us


residency & fellowship programs


queen of the valley foundation


more


















 







 











            providence queen of the valley medical center
        




















            4.9
                  |  1,243 ratings        







1000 trancas st, napa, ca 94558



            7496.0 miles away
        




            707-252-4411
        




        707-252-4411

    







            providence queen of the valley medical center
        




















            4.9
                  |  1,243 ratings        














707-252-4411




1000 trancas st, napa, ca 94558



            7496.0 miles away
        



 



 













                            our approach
                        

                            patients & visitors information
                        

                            ways to give
                        






                                    our approach
                                    








for over 55 years, queen of the valley medical center has served the greater napa valley area as the region’s largest, most comprehensive health care facility. our reputation for excellence, on par with well-known university hospitals, consistently attracts high caliber health care professionals. backed by state-of-the-art facilities and leading edge technology, our outstanding medical team ensures napa valley residents the best care possible close to home.

learn more about us 









                                    patients & visitors information
                                    








if you are planning on visiting someone at queen of the valley medical center, then we are here to help ensure that your visit is as smooth and easy as possible. we have provided this website as a helpful tool in providing you with the information that you need when planning a visit.
   for patients   for visitors 









                                    ways to give
                                    








since its inception 50 years ago, queen of the valley foundation has raised more than $115 million for facilities, equipment, technology, programs, and services at queen of the valley medical center through the generosity of the napa valley community. please support our efforts to bring big medicine to napa valley.
if you have any questions or would like more information about the queen of the valley foundation, please call 707-257-4044.
learn about ways to give 








 







recognition 









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in maternity (2025)









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in stroke (2024-25)









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in kidney failure (2024-25)







see all recognition 
 







current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





browse hospital departments 

 











view all departments 
 



our medical groupsat the core of each of our medical groups is dedication to personalized, compassionate, comprehensive health care. we strive to meet the needs of the communities we serve, providing care when you need it, where you need it, and with specialized expertise.

providence medical group, napa
providence medical network
 



providence expresscaresee a health care provider today at a convenient neighborhood clinic or virtually through your smartphone or computer.book now 



patient portalmanage your care with mychartmychart makes it easy to get care and manage your health including checking in for your next appointment. at any time, on any device you can:

message your care team
manage appointments
view test results
renew prescriptions
pay bills

learn more about mychart benefits. sign up now 






news & information from our experts 










                        queen of the valley’s new rapid care unit provides faster care for less-urgent medical needs
                    

                            1/20/2025
                        
in september 2024, the medical center opened a new rapid care unit located within the existing emergency department.








                        providence queen of the valley medical center offers free naloxone kits to fight opioid crisis
                    

                            1/21/2025
                        
providence queen of the valley medical center in napa has placed a naloxone distribution box outside its emergency room where anyone can get free lifesaving naloxone 24/7.








                        providence queen of the valley medical center ranked high performing for maternity care
                    

                            12/12/2024
                        
u.s. news & world report has once again recognized providence queen of the valley medical center for high performance with a maternity care award that measures quality and safety for mother and baby.








                        tune in may 2 for our statewide lecture: alleviating back and neck pain
                    

                            4/18/2024
                        
discover leading-edge approaches for lasting relief.







read more news 
 

 

current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





looking for a different location? 





                        set your location to find care near you. your location:
                    







zip code or city








 











find another location 
 




 






















our mission
as expressions of god's healing love, witnessed through the ministry of jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. 







our values
compassion, dignity, justice, excellence, integrity. learn more about our mission, vision and values. 






contact us 









across providence 

about us 

health equity 

initiatives 

annual report to our communities 

community health needs assessments and improvement plans 

our doctors 

our nurses 









resources 

for caregivers  (our employees) 

careers 

physician & provider careers 

supplier portal 

classes and events 

online bill pay & financial assistance 

get a price estimate 

price transparency 

read our blog 




















connect with us 

 

 

 

 

 







disclaimer 

terms of use & privacy policy 

notice of nondiscrimination and communication assistance 

notice of privacy practices 

patient rights  





©2025 providence. all rights reserved.
 














