






















home | uscis





















skip to main content







an official website of the united states government    here's how you know






español





 multilingual resources













official websites use .gov
a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.





secure .gov websites use https
a lock ( 

a locked padlock     ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.





















 





sign in  



access uscis online services.


sign in
create account








menu







sign in 
create account




topics 
topics




family 


family of green card holders (permanent residents)


family of refugees and asylees


family of u.s. citizens





adoption 


before you start


immigration through adoption









military 


citizenship for military family members


naturalization through military service





humanitarian 


humanitarian parole


refugees and asylum


temporary protected status









visit the u.s. 


change my nonimmigrant status


extend your stay





working in the united states 


permanent workers


temporary (nonimmigrant) workers


e-verify


i-9 central









avoid scams 


common scams


find legal services


report immigration scams





careers at uscis 


career opportunities


special hiring programs










forms 
forms




most accessed forms 


i-9, employment eligibility verification


i-485, application to register permanent residence or adjust status


i-765, application for employment authorization


i-90, application to replace permanent resident card (green card)


n-400, application for naturalization









family based forms 


i-129f, petition for alien fiancé(e)


i-130, petition for alien relative


i-360, petition for amerasian, widow(er), or special immigrant


i-600, petition to classify orphan as an immediate relative


i-751, petition to remove conditions on residence





all forms


file online






employment based forms 


i-129, petition for a nonimmigrant worker


i-140, immigrant petition for alien workers


i-526, immigrant petition by standalone investor


i-539, application to extend/change nonimmigrant status









humanitarian based forms 


i-589, application for asylum and for withholding of removal


i-730, refugee/asylee relative petition


i-821, application for temporary protected status










newsroom 
newsroom




all news 


alerts


fact sheets


news releases


stakeholder messages









media contacts


multimedia gallery


social media directory


speeches, statements, testimony







citizenship 
citizenship




learners 


apply for citizenship


learn about citizenship


naturalization test and study resources









educators 


educational products for educators


resources for educational programs


teacher training sessions









organizations 


outreach tools


naturalization-related data and statistics









grants 


success stories from grant recipients










green card 
green card




green card processes and procedures 


adjustment of status


after we grant your green card


employment authorization document


visa availability and priority dates









green card eligibility categories


how to apply for a green card


replace your green card


while your green card application is pending with uscis







laws 
laws




legislation 


immigration and nationality act





class action, settlement notices and agreements


unlawful presence and inadmissibility


policy manual






regulations


administrative appeals







tools 
tools




self-help tools 


check case processing times


case status online


change of address


e-request


password resets and technical support









website resources 


archive


a-z index


website policies









additional resources 


explore my options


immigration and citizenship data


multilingual resource center


uscis tools and resources












contact us
multilingual resources










 










fy 2026 h-1b cap initial registration period opens on march 7the initial registration period for the fiscal year 2026 h-1b cap will open at noon eastern on march 7 and run through noon eastern on march 24, 2025.learn more
dhs terminates the 2023 designation of venezuela for tpson feb. 1, 2025, secretary of homeland security kristi noem decided to terminate the 2023 designation of venezuela for temporary protected status.learn more
update on tps for venezuelaon jan. 28, 2025, secretary of homeland security kristi noem vacated the jan. 17, 2025, notice that extended a temporary protected status designation for venezuela. learn more
update on form i-134adue to the jan. 20, 2025, executive order, securing our borders, uscis  is pausing acceptance of form i-134a, online request to be a supporter and declaration of financial support, until we review all categorical parole processes as required by that order.learn more
uscis waives covid-19 vaccination requirement for adjustment of status applicants on jan. 22, uscis waived any and all requirements that applicants for adjustment of status present documentation on form i-693 that they received the covid-19 vaccination.learn more
avoid immigration scamslearn more about common scams, find legal help and know how to protect yourself.avoid immigration scams
immigration relief for those impacted by unforeseen circumstanceshave you been affected by unforeseen circumstances, such as natural catastrophes, severe illness, or a conflict abroad? uscis has resources to help.learn more
























know before you go
check for current office closure, covid information and office location prior to visiting one of our offices.office closingsfind a uscis office


know before you go

 












file online

 



filing a form online is easier and faster than paper filing. it gives you a simple and personalized way to track your case online. you can also access other uscis services.the first step is to create an account.






manage your case

 



use our online tools and resources to manage your case:check your case statuscheck processing timeschange your address online










news & alerts



feb05fy 2026 h-1b cap initial registration period opens on march 7february 05, 2025alerts


feb03dhs terminates the 2023 designation of venezuela for temporary protected statusfebruary 03, 2025alerts


jan31tools outagejanuary 31, 2025alerts


jan28update on form i-134ajanuary 28, 2025alerts


jan22uscis waives covid-19 vaccination requirement for adjustment of status applicantsjanuary 22, 2025alerts



view more news











upcoming engagements



mar11immigration overview (in-person, fairfield, oh) est
          march 11, 2025 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. (eastern)
         audience:   local
                  



view more engagements











research

 




immigration and citizenship data
electronic reading room
uscis freedom of information act (foia)
laws and policy
historical library






verification services

 



e-verifye-verify+i-9 centralmye-verifysave






social media
 u.s. citizenship and immigration services
















was this page helpful?




yes



no





this page was not helpful because the content:
select a reasonhas too little informationhas too much informationis confusingis out of dateother


how can the content be improved?



0 / 2000to protect your privacy, please do not include any personal information in your feedback. review our privacy policy.
















return to top








topics


forms


newsroom


citizenship


green card


laws


tools

















































contact uscis



















agency description

uscis.gov

                    an official website of the u.s. department of homeland security






important links



about uscis 
accessibility 
budget and performance 
dhs components 
freedom of information act 
no fear act data 
privacy and legal disclaimers 
site map 
office of the inspector general 
the white house 
usa.gov 







looking for u.s. government information and services?
visit usa.gov





























