



heirloom tomato plants organic heirloom tomato plants,tomato seeds, heirloom tomato seeds.










 
 
 
  
 
welcome to 


 
  laurel's heirloom tomato
plants

 
   
 
      
 we're 
gonna' need a bigger basket....








       
              			   









       

 laurel 
with 
jaune flamme 




       
			 


			  
"life is 
			short, my gardening friends. 

      let's stop awhile to rake away the 
			rocks and weeds, 

        dig 
			deep into the earth and dream of a bountiful harvest."

  in lycopersicon veritas. ~ laurel

			 










			 










welcome to the astonishing world of heirloom tomatoes!

							 




the big list for 2025 is posted! come see!
 



click here: our tomato varieties and how to order 


						 

order early 
	to reserve your plants -- and especially your shipping time.

						 
 





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































hawaiian pineapple, top 
									seller for 25 years.
 




 shipping 
						costs...




we normally ship priority mail to california, oregon, 
				washington, nevada, arizona and major hubs of the midwest and 
						certain cities in the east. 
				
average transit times to these areas: 1 to 3 days 
				from the time they leave los angeles but it can take 4 days. 
				becuase we ship large plants they normally arrive safely.
				
priority mail can take 2 to 4 days with no 
				money-back guarantee 
				of transit time.
even if a little haggard when they arrive, in a 
				few days with full sun and water, they perk up beautifully.
				
for longer journeys 
						or to outlying areas, or if you want your plants in 
						pristine condition when they arrive, we highly recommend 
				2 day priority express, and your plants will arrive within 2 days from leaving lax, 
						money back guarantee. 
because 
						we ship large 12" to 18" plants, 
						we have to use large, heavy boxes. this makes express mail expensive, but 
				your plants arrive in pristine condition within that time frame 
						-- guaranteed -- or your shipping 
				cost is refunded. 

when you call to place your order, ask about 
				shipping options and costs.


we do not ship fedex or ups.

order by 
						phone for an instant estimate.  emailed estimates 
						requests will take several days. 
laurel ~  
						310 534 8611 
				
(this 
						is a landline - no texts.)








 






						 













blue chocolate 





							 we ship our plants nationwide from los angeles in sunny 
							southern california. we are here:


1725 257th st. 
							lomita, ca 90717  310 534 8611



phone 
							orders: 


							call laurel ~ 


							310 534 8611 (landline, no texts.)


							email: 
							tomatoplants@pacbell.net

							 






			                            
			 



black beauty













we are 
			your southern california source for 75 luscious varieties 
			of organically grown heirloom tomato plants, a few carefully chosen great-tasting hybrids, plus a fine 
		selection of gardening products for your garden beds,  containers and greenhouses.
the 2025 
			season will 
			mark our 25th year shipping organically grown tomato plants right to your garden. we grow 
			about 24,000 plants right here -- and ship them 
		during spring and summer to all 50 states and us territories.
my gardening 
		career began in 1954 when i was 4 years old. i dropped a pumpkin seed 
		into grandma and grandpa's bird bath in idyllwild, california. it 
		sprouted. wow, germination. i was hooked forever.
now i'm 74, almost a grown-up 
			-- and still get a thrill watching a seed pop, become a beautiful 
			little plant which grows bigger 
			and bigger, giving us delicious fruit. 
the seeds 
			from those fruits give us teeny plants of the same magical variety 
			and we 
			can grow them year after year! this is the miracle 
		of germination. seed to seed.
our 2024 
			gardens are producing one of our best crops ever and we have 
			tomatoes growing everywhere! 
here are a 
			few: jutland, 
			polish, green giant, black cherry, chocolate stripes, bear claw, 
			thunder mountain, momotaro gold, 
			dirty girl, blondcopfchen, ruby gold, tati's wedding, 
		paul robeson, wee tang shebang, red mamba, black mamba,  blue 
			chocolate, marianna's peace and so many more!  
we've 
			harvested thousands of tomatoes, and they're still goin'!  
seed saving! 
			all summer we save seeds from our yummy tomatoes. on september 
			12th i picked baskets full of tati's wedding, dirty girl, black bear, 
			apricot brandywine, dark galaxy, red mamba. and... some of our new ones to harvest 
			seeds for your 2025 plants!  
seeds for 
			you! this year we will have a few varieties of tomato seeds 
			available for purchase.
we also have 
			sunday plant sales here at our nursery in los angeles every sunday, 
			11:00 to 3:00, from march through july. 
questions? 
			call me! laurel ~ 310 534 8611 
(a landline, 
			no texts.) 
 













			blondkopfchen


 
if you are not yet on my newsletter 
				list, fun and informative, send your email address to
				
tomatoplants@pacbell.net and i'll include you!
 











red mamba
 


 come see 
					what we have for 2025! 
 
order by email or phone.  
					310 534 8611  tomatoplants@pacbell.net


please order early to 
					book your shipping week and reserve 
							your plants.


april and may shipping periods 
					get booked solid and some varieties sell out.

local 
					gardeners can pre-order to pick up plants here from march 
					through july

or come 
					to fabulous sunday pop-up plant sales!







										click the link: 

 our tomato varieties and how to order 







 


a gorgeous 
				blt 
		with one big slice of a huge bear claw tomato. 
from dan hornbaker in new jersey
 
    
				





come see 
				us on soon on facebook for the updates, latest news, plant care and events.
						


						i haven't had time to update the facebook page for a 
						while, but i will! ~ laurel
 







some 
				of our babies getting their start in one of our greenhouses.....

 
 
 
 


 

look 
				how they've grown! full size plants getting ready to ship...
 
 
 













my 
													customer dean saling's 'grandgardeners' 
													harvesting homegrown 
													tomatoes in 
													kentucky.







 







  life is just a bowl of cherries
 
come see our new varieties -- and the old 
	favorites!
    
	a map to our website    
	

    





our tomato varieties and how to order


click the link to see the 
			big list for 2025 with prices, descriptions and 
								photographs of our varieties of tomatoes for 
								spring and summer along with detailed 
	information for placing your order. 
 

important! if you cannot 
			receive post office packages on saturdays please let us know and we 
			will be sure your plants do not arrive on a saturday!  we are 
			happy to ship to po 
			boxes, no problem.
 




payment information 
			...and shipping details (please read before you order.) 



because plant prices do not include shipping and handling, please take a moment to familiarize
yourself with shipping costs before ordering. this important payment & shipping
information includes a detailed explanation of shipping and packaging costs and
techniques and
our guarantee.

			 


			(cancellations: cancellations must be made by direct telephone 
			contact within 48 hours of placing your order to receive a full 
			refund. after 48 hours, refunds will be made less 50% restocking 
			fee.) 
 
 



growing tips
  and garden products 
laurel's best growing
  tips, organic gardening products, smartpots for your container garden and all organic plant 
			nutrients and pest and disease control. plus, learn how to
  easily and successfully grow even the largest tomato plants in containers.
 


our 2025 on-site plant sale dates  
			we do not have a retail store but....
			

join us on sundays from 
			early march through july for our fabulous pop-up store! 

choose from more than 70 varieties of tomato 
								plants and our selection of fine gardening 
								products including 3 sizes of smart pots, 
								organic fertilizers and natural, effective insect 
			and disease control, along potting soil, planting mix and free 
			consultation with laurel.

			 
 
 







gift certificates


will this be a gift?

laurel's
    heirloom tomato plants offers personalized gift
    certificates for all occasions. our gift
    certificates are themselves an elegant gift. you may choose certain 
	varieties, or a certain number of plants or a dollar amount for your 
	recipient's certificate.



what is an heirloom tomato? 


discover why
heirloom tomatoes have the
fabulous old-time tomato
taste you remember or may have never experienced. 
 



are tomatoes really 
			an aphrodisiac?

a definitive 
		answer to this age old question.

			 

my personal favorites  

a photo gallery of some 'stranded on a deserted island' choices ...a few 
	of laurel's favorites.

			 

seeds! 
			need heirloom 
			tomato seeds? click:  




go to 
				tomatofest.com





 green zebra

 

 



 



 







15" paul robeson 
							plant, laurel's favorite, in its 4" 
									shipping pot, ready for packaging and 
							shipping to your door, along 
									with a photograph of the fruit.  
											
 





 



heaven at bj's house. copyright, bj 
		miles 2012
 




a fred cook cornucopia. 
		copyright fred 
		cook 2012

  





     
								



     
 


 

   
							
 
 
 
 

 site 
		navigation

		 

		 



our tomato varieties and how to order - 
							see all of our heirloom tomato plant varieties.



what is an heirloom tomato?



growing tips and garden products 
								


payment 
			information 
								shipping costs and privacy policy 
								(please read before you order.)


gift 
certificates


big red 
			tomatoes


medium size red 
			tomatoes


the 
			biggest tomatoes  


small 
			fruited/cherry tomatoes


early 
			ripening tomatoes


pink 
			and purple tomatoes                                                
								



the black 
			tomatoes


the green 
			tomatoes



the yellow, gold & orange tomatoes


multi 
			colored tomatoes


other colors


sauce and paste tomatoes


laurel's 
			favorites



smaller plants for containers 
			....and small garden spaces.



growing tips and garden products 
								


our 2025 plant sale dates

			 

			 

							 

 

tati's wedding, one day, 
			one plant.



 







laurel's 
			blend 

 extra 
			virgin olive oil

 

not 
			sure if we'll have our 
									laurel's blend olive oil 
			blend again for 2024. weather conditions may affect our grower's 
			supply.
golden, 
			mellow, smooth and buttery with a discreet touch of earthiness to 
			complement your heirloom tomato harvest, this 
			superb quality, award-winning extra virgin olive oil was created by 
						our friend and fellow heirloom tomato fan, kevin 
						tazelaar, founder of california gold olive oil co. in 
						oakdale, california.
kevin sent us 
									little bottles of different blends 
			to try in a blind taste test. after many 
									tastings, i chose my favorite; kevin had it bottled and surprised us by 
									naming it 
									laurel's blend. 
in the 
			photograph you will see that some of the oil is missing. while 
			shooting the photographs, i lost my mind, opened the bottle and had some for a 
						snack with fresh-picked tomatoes, greek olives and feta. 
			i couldn't stop myself. you will get a full 
						bottle, we promise.
for details and how to order 
							click: 
laurel's blend olive oil   
			
 

back
									for 2025


 great big tomatoes!



 





       
 

                             
				

                             

great big 
			tomatoes natural liquid compost, the energy drink 
for tomato plants. 

it's a 
concentrated liquid compost to give your plants extra growing power, and is, of course, all organic. 
		use it in addition to your fertilizers. 

great big 
			tomatoes has really impressed us 
				in out garden with heartier, stronger 
stems, healthier lush foliage, bigger, better, yummier tomatoes and extremely healthy 
soil and our customers concur! 

			 

you will find it 
			here on the 


growing tips and garden product 
 page. 
			quarts and gallon size!
 

get the most 
			from your tomato plants with great big tomatoes!
 

now in two sizes, one quart 
			and one gallon. 
  



 

						 
 

growing in containers?


						use our smart pots!

						 

						 

go see them here:










growing tips and garden products 
								



 

		 

		 

		 

		 





here is oliver w. holmes guarding 
	his owner bob holmes' tomato plants in dunmore, pa.  good boy, oliver!
 
 
 
 

growing in a colder climate 
					or planting early?
 
 












early-start plant protectors. 
 18" tall 
					water-filled teepees to insulate your plants and soil 
					against frost and cold temperatures. start tomato plants and 
					all your warm weather plants a month or more earlier than 
					usual.



growing tips and garden products 
								




         
								





    
our customer diane 
					fagerberg's tomato plants in fort collins, colorado after a 
					late snow storm in early may. she heard the weather report 
					and covered them with plant protectors and inverted smart 
					pots. 19 inches of snow fell!


           
				the temperature dropped to 16º f and the water in the plant 
				protectors froze solid for 3 days....oh no!




surprise! diane's plants 
			were alive and healthy after the storm and produced a great crop of 
			yummy tomatoes. yay, diane!



aunt ruby's german green
 



here's how to order 
				plants!



  order by 
			telephone or email. easy as 1, 2, 3. 





our tomato varieties and how to order 
		choose your plants and shipping period. 

		 



growing tips and garden products 
		choose 
			your fertilizers and garden products.


		questions?  call 
			laurel:



		 

 monday-friday from 9:00 to 
		5:00, saturday 9:00 to 3:00, pacific time

		 


we are in los angeles, 
		california.


310 534-8611 
								(a 
		landline, no texts.) 

or email:
 tomatoplants@pacbell.net


fax: 310 494 
		0518  
fax orders must include your credit card information.
ordering for 
		spring 2025 plants begins september 23rd and continues through june-july and into the fall for 2025 planting. 

plants will be
shipped when the weather is just right for planting in your town or earlier 
		if you wish.
 if ordering for extremely early shipping we can triple insulate your 
		plants a so they do not freeze in transit.
minimum order is 4 plants. orders of 64 plants or more receive a volume discount.
		
we do not sell wholesale. 
		we do not sell plugs. 
gift certificates are 
		available year round.
our tomato plants are 
		lovingly grown from seed, using careful 100% organic methods and shipped to 
		you in their large 4" deep nursery pots. 



 

 



            
					





                  
							



do you live or work in southern 
			california?
 


you can call to reserve plants 
			and arrange to pick them up on friday, saturday. by appointment only.
 

we do not have a retail store. 



no 
			walk-ins -- except during our sunday sales from 11:00 to 2:00.  


please call for information. 310 534 8611 



(a landline, no texts.) 




  




 
                    black krim
	 
 
when should you plant?
 

first, check your region's 
							average temperatures:

to find your average
temperatures click here 
 www.weather.com  
		or another weather site to explore
the temperature graph for your city's month-by-month highs and lows, and
determine your optimal planting time when the average low temps stay reliably above
	50º. that is your best planting time.


 
 



about frost
							dates. don't plant in cold soil!
 

tomatoes are a hot 
							weather crop. hot...not "starting to warm up". you can usually plant safely about
		2 to 3 weeks after your last predicted frost date.  
 

many new 
		gardeners want plant too early. it's exciting to get your plants in the 
		ground. 
 

be sure the 
	nighttime air temperature is reliably 48º to 50º or above and the soil is 
	reliably warmed up to above 50º or your plants will go dormant and just sit there in the cold soil, staring at you and not 
		growing until the weather warms up. this dormancy stage makes your plants 
very susceptible
to disease and insect damage, delays fruit set and reduces yield. 

		 

however!  you can easily warm 
	the soil for a few weeks before planting with clear plastic placed over the garden bed to absorb solar heat 
	from the sun or use our wall 'o' water plant protectors and plant safely 3 
	weeks earlier than usual!
 

be patient; wait until it's warmer. 
		you'll be rewarded with robust 
		happy tomato plants and a good harvest.
the most important thing to keep
in mind is that night temperatures and soil temperatures should be steadily above 
		48º
before planting tomatoes. 
 

about 
	blossom drop during high temperatures 

		 

pollen becomes sterile at 
		continual daytime temperatures 
		higher than about 
		98º and nighttime temperatures above 72º, so don't expect fruit to set 
		during those times. the plant knows that the pollen is not viable and 
		drops the blossoms. when the weather settles down, the blossoms will 
		stay on your plants and produce fruits.  we do have a few varieties 
		that produce at higher temperatures.


                              
				



shipping dates

shipping
is normally timed for when your nighttime temperatures stay reliably above 48º, or earlier if you desire.
		

		 

we have plant protectors -- water filled 18" tall teepees -- which absorb solar heat 
							during the day and release it gradually during the night to keep the air around 
	your plants warm. this means you can plant a few weeks earlier than 
	usual. 

click
here:  

growing tips
  and garden products for detailed
information on planting.
tomato planting here in southern
california, and in many areas of usda zones 10 and 11, or sunset magazine zones
22-24, begins in march depending on our night temperatures. if the 
ground is below 50º, we use season extenders or wait until april. 

		hey, laurel! my garden center is selling plants in early february...it must be 
		time to plant!
yes, i know the 
		local garden centers have plants for sale here in february. why do they 
		do this? well, some folks have greenhouses. most do not. you plant in bitterly 
		cold soggy february soil and here come the wicked winds of march. 
of course the little 
							plants don't make it in the cold weather or get 
		diseased and die so you go back in april for 
							more plants thinking you did something wrong. 

		you didn't. you were tempted. you caved. but that's tomato love. try to 
		control yourself and wait until it's steadily above 48º at night.

		however, there is a solution. if you can't wait to plant, order our 
		early season wall o' water season extenders and plant 4 to 6 weeks 
		earlier than normal. 
		 :)
choose your shipping
time

we ship your plants during a 15 
		day period of your choice.  
	for instance, if you choose the april 10th period as your shipping period your plants 
		will ship between april 10th and april 24th. orders are shipped first in, first 
							out.

		 

we will help you choose the week when your
climate is perfect for tomato planting. for example, if you order in january for
your minnesota garden, we ship your plants at the end of may. 

		 

if you wish
to experiment with growing in cooler temperatures we will ship them earlier with 
		a disclaimer that they may freeze in transit and are not guaranteed to 
		arrive alive.
 


consultations


do you need advice 
		about planting tips, soil preparation, trellising, fertilizers, 
		etcetera? i know how important it is to get good advice and i want to be able to continue 
		offering expert advice about choosing plants and best growing technique 
		for your area.
 


for 
		all customers: when you place your order for 4 or more plants, i am happy to offer a basic 
		10 
		minute consultation 
		at no 
		charge whatsoever 
when we take your order 
		and at times throughout your growing season. 
 

		 

if you would like a consultation 
		but do not plan to order, i am happy to work for you. my fee is $180.00 per hour 
		or any part of an hour.

		 



specialized 
		consultation
 

for customers placing and order 
		who need a specialized consultation by phone requiring dedicated, detailed research into 
		your climate conditions and expert advice in creating a successful 
		tomato garden in your particular climate, including soil conditioning, 
		the best time to plant, season extenders, landscaping ideas, garden bed lay-out, detailed variety 
		selection, customized fertilization techniques, disease and insect 
		control or growing for market, etc., my fee is $150.00 per hour, minimum of one hour.

		 

we do not do 
		on-site consultation or landscaping.

   
					


 

         
						



     
	contact 
						laurel     
	 
	

 


phone: 310-534-8611 (a 
			landline, no texts.) 
fax: 310 494 0518
hablamos español
							


telephone hours:
 


 monday - friday from 9:00 to 
		5:00, pacific



 saturday, 9:00 to 3:00

 

 

to order by telephone, email or fax, see
here's how to order 
							above.
 

email:
			tomatoplants@pacbell.net  
							
 


 
 

please, 
							folks....
 
 

we do not have a 
	retail store or walk-in hours except on sunday sale days. 
 

we are open to the public 
			on sundays in 
			march, april, 
			may, june and july for plant

 

sales. 
 

these dates and times will 
			be announced on the plant sale page--or just call me to

 

find out the dates. 310 534 
			8611 
(a 
			landline, no texts.) 
 

 
 
 
 

here's where 
			to get  
 

heirloom tomato seeds!
 





go to tomatofest.com


 
 
 



 america's 
			finest and favorite source for more than
 

600 outstanding 
		varieties of organically grown heirloom tomato 
		seeds.
 






 
							
  
							

 
							





black sara, chuck's yellow, gary ibsen's gold 
			and 
			the dutchman. 
©copyright photo courtesy 
tomatofest.com



 

we're feeding the worldwith heirloom tomatoes
- gary ibsen & dagma lacey



 

 

gift certificates


will this be a gift?






laurel's
    heirloom tomato plants offers several different styles of personalized and
    customized gift
    certificates for all occasions. our gift
    certificates are themselves an elegant gift. you may choose certain 
	varieties, or a certain number of plants or a dollar amount for your 
	recipient's certificate.

laurel will personally create and send or email a
    beautiful
    full-sheet antiqued parchment gift certificate for any occasion: all
    holidays, valentines day, birthday, wedding, anniversary, graduation,
    promotion, christmas, kwanzaa, hanukkah, house or garden warming, sympathy,
    congratulations, remembrance, or just pure tomato love. 

  
    							   
 
    



the personalized gift certificate


your recipient's personalized gift certificate
    will feature a full-color array of 12 beautiful heirloom tomato
    photographs printed on full sheet parchment, along with your personal greeting of any
    length. $7.50.

the personalized gift certificate with detailed 
								descriptions and photos


if you will be selecting specific varieties for 
								your recipient,
laurel 
								will add additional full sheet antiqued 
								parchments printed with
				detailed descriptions and full color photographs of 
								each tomato you choose. 
								this stunning certificate is a spectacular gift 
								in itself. 


$12.50. 
								for more than 1 page of photographs, additional 
								cost is $2.00 per page.

shipping charges will be included, so your recipient 
				will be free to relax and choose from more than 75 varieties of 
				heirloom tomato plants and garden products. plant cost will be 
				averaged at $8.95

 each so your recipient can choose
    from among our more expensive plants. 

you may also select a dollar
    amount in $10.00 increments beginning at $50.00.



these elegant full sheet certificates add a heartwarming touch to your gift. your recipient and laurel
    will get together and determine the perfect shipping week when the weather is
    just right for planting in their garden.
      
				

laurel

will be
    happy to personally assist your recipients in choosing plants for their
    climates and preferences when they call to redeem their certificates. 
				 
    

price
    list: 

the personalized
    gift certificate on parchment, 
								$7.50 plus postage of $5.05.
 

the personalized gift 
								certificate on parchment with detailed 
								descriptions and full color photographs, $12.50. 
								



the emailed certificate. you or your recipient can print 
				this one out. please use beautiful paper; our certificates are 
				specifically designed for elegant papers including parchment, 
				vellum or rag in a bright white or cream color. $7.50


310 534-8611





 
  

 







    


gold 
medal yellow, kellogg's breakfast, marvel striped, grandma oliver's green & 
vintage wine.




©copyright photoes courtesy
				tomatofest.com

				click for 600 varieties 
of heirloom tomato seeds! 



click: 




go to tomatofest.com
 





 visit tomatofest® for tomatofest garden seeds ~
									the world's
  largest and finest selection of more than 600 varieties of certified organic 
		heirloom tomato seeds, gorgeous photos of luscious heirloom tomatoes for 
		your garden, the very best in gardening supplies and organic gardening
  information.




 

"you 
need more tomatoes." 
...laurel 

 



copyright information






all original materials,
tomato
descriptions, photographs and
original copy
contained herein are protected by copyright and are the sole property of
laurel's heirloom tomato plants, www.heirloomtomatoplants.com 
or of gary ibsen and carmel
tomatofest® -- www.tomatofest.com 
or of the people, companies or entities noted nezxt to the photograph.

photographs on this website are the sole property of laurel garza and laurel's heirloom tomato plants 
or the property of other persons and entities as noted and attributed herein 
	and may not be used without the express written permission of the persons 
	and entities named herein. all rights
reserved. 

laurel garza.  
310-534 8611: 
					www.heirloomtomatoplants.com  
all rights reserved.

'the images on my pages are available for viewing only and 
	may not be used for any other purpose without my express written permission. the images may not be linked to, or posted to other websites. the united states of america provides the right and the protection of and to “original works of authorship” and certain intellectual property works. as the owner of copyrighted works i hold the exclusive rights to duplicate, distribute and create derivative works from my works. all the text, photographs, images, products: their titles and descriptions,
	designs, etc. used on my web site and in the finished products which i design, create, produce, sell, etc. are protected under the u. s. copyright laws (title 17, u.s. code). i will seek, accordingly, to protect my works and rights against unauthorized use and infringement. please note: a criminal investigation may be initiated in cases of willful infringement for profit.


 all rights are reserved. any 
					unauthorized use of any photograph or description contained 
					herein will result in prosecution and penalties to the full 
					extent of us copyright laws. 1999 - 2024

 

  

			






