




david malin images homepage



















   featuring photographs by...






david malin

optical photomicrographs




crystal micrographs 1 —  35 mm


crystal micrographs 2 — 6x9


crystal micrographs 3 — 4x5



crystal micrographs 4 — misc






akira fujii
wide angle night sky




the constellations
                andromeda to hydrus


the constellations
                indus to virgo


the constellations
                wide field


the constellations
                the milky way and crux


the planets among the stars


binocular views


star trails


solar eclipses


the moon and lunar eclipses



comets and aurorae





david miller
twilight landscapes




the sun


the moon


the stars


the twilight


the night


the constellations


the clouds



the atmosphere






aao/david malin image archive




aat colour images


uk schmidt colour images


aao-1 series — around sso


aao-2 series — star trails


aao-3 series — tracked images


aao-4 series — monochromes


aatccd series — experimental


int series — isaac newton telescope


caltech images — historical


deep images — galaxies







other stuff

david malin's homepage

more about david malin

 wikpedia page.
               




e-mail


david malin, 2021 october 3







david malin images
a source of specialised scientific images











david malin on the roof of the  observatoire de paris photo by bob bee




david malin images is a specialised photographic library of inspirational and informative scientific photographs selected from a variety of 
                sources. each image is extensively documented and accompanied by an informative caption. all the images are available as high resolution digital files.


                david malin himself has had a long fascination with light and colour and the interface between art and science. he has been involved in scientific 
                photography since the mid-1960s, initially using optical and electron microscopes and x-ray diffraction techniques to shed a new light on problems 
                in pure and applied chemistry. some of these images are featured on these pages.

               in 1975, he joined the newly-created anglo-australian observatory (aao, now the  australian astronomical observatory) 
               as its photographic scientist, and applied his imaging techniques to studying much larger and more distant objects, including 
               malin 1, the first giant, low-surface-brightness galaxy discovered and still the largest known spiral system.

                the aao photographs (below) were made from glass negatives, mostly using plates from the anglo-australian and uk schmidt telescopes. 
                they were the first series of deep-sky astronomical images made using the now-universal additive, rgb color process designed to show telescopic objects 
                in true colour. these images are accessible on the australian datacentral-hosted
                australian astronomical observatory's images pages




     
spiral galaxy ngc 5236         
the horsehead nebula in orion      
globular cluster ngc 6752



while his astronomical images are widely known, in an earlier life david also enjoyed making beautiful pictures using microscopes of various kinds. 
his work as a chemist involved studying organic crystalline materials, and these offered an endless variety of shapes and colours when seen in a polarising microscope. 






about akira fujii








david malin and akira fujii in japan




akira fujii is a celebrated japanese photographer who was a pioneer in the difficult art of making long-exposure, wide-field colour photographs 
of the night sky on large format colour film. this now done much more easily in the digital age, akira fujii's pictures are still among the best ever made. 

his images have been published extensively, especially in sky & telescope magazine, as well as many books and and other periodicals. 
they are are admired for their distinctive style and accurate star colours. all akira fujii's pictures were made in-camera without digital manipulation. 

most of akira fujii's pictures were taken on large format transparency film, and these superb quality films have been scanned at high resolution to make the images seen on these pages. 




the world at night 

the images above were made in the spirit of 
 the world at night, founded by babak tafreshi and is an initiative of 

astronomy without borders. the aim of both these organisations is to increase  awareness of one of nature's most profound 
experiences, the subtle beauty of the night sky. david malin is honoured to be a consultant to twan.




