





new and used rvs, boats, & aircrafts - rv & boat dealer in virginia






















































skip to main content

 







toggle navigation

menu









like commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft on facebook! (opens in new window)





like commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft on instagram! (opens in new window)





like commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft on instagram! (opens in new window)









804.550.3433







home 

showroom






rvs






new arrivals
view current inventory




clearance inventory
view clearance inventory




sell
us your rv




private brokerage
let us sell your rv









boats






new arrivals
view current inventory




clearance boats
view clearance boats




sell
us your vessel




private brokerage
let us sell your boat









aircraft






new arrivals
view current inventory




sell
us your aircraft




private brokerage
let us sell your plane






showroom




finance


lender services
cwbb offer process and terms
aircraft bidding process
rv bidding process


get cash now
we consign

more

about us





map & hours

employment
event calendar

newsletter signup
read testimonials
leave us a review


contact us








commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft

423 s washington hwy
 ashland, va 23005
us

phone: 804.550.3433
email: sales@commonwealthrv.com

fax:
			








find your next adventure













browse rvs
inventory






browse boats
inventory










about commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft

commonwealth rv, boat, & aircraft is the marketplace for pre-owned fun! we have the nation’s largest selection of pre-owned rvs, motorhomes, yachts, boats and aircraft, and have spent decades helping customers like you buy and sell. from our location on the east coast to the midwest all the way to the pacific northwest, we’ve had the pleasure of working with clients from all over the united states, and know how to help you find just the right adventure you’re searching for. whether you’re looking to buy from our selection of inventory, or sell a unit you’ve owned, we can offer you professional services and a quality experience. we can even make you a cash offer, on the spot!

don’t miss out on the fun! get in touch with commonwealth today.

learn more



*required







commonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro areacommonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro area
commonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro areacommonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro area
commonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro areacommonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro area
commonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro areacommonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro area
commonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro areacommonwealth - new &amp; used rvs, boats, aircraft sales, service, and parts in ashland, va, near richmond, and washington dc metro area








previous



pause



next






looking to sell or consign your unit? we can help! learn more about consigning your unit, applying for financing, or find out how to get cash for selling your rv, boat, or aircraft! 
get started now!












financing
apply now






get cash now
get an appraisal






we consign
learn more
















a better look at
our inventory

view more
(opens in a new window)

















423 s washington hwy, ashland, va
804.550.3433













rv inventory
boat inventory
aircraft inventory

we buy
sell with broker





like commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft on instagram! (opens in new window)





like commonwealth rv | boat | aircraft on instagram! (opens in new window)






inventory |
contact us |
policy |
privacy |
terms |
site map




dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved







 maximize
 minimize























×
sorry to hear that.we would love to hear about your experience and any issues or concerns you have.












×



we would love to hear about your experience. leave us a review below:





google





facebook




if you would like to reach out to us about any issues or concerns, please contact us.













