

chinese vegetarian cooking - healthy, low fat chinese vegetarian cookbook and recipes


















order  • contact  •  faq   








spice up your diet with 
              quick & easy chinese vegetarian cooking! discover great tasting chinese vegetarian dishes
                that improves your diet, health, and shows you
            how to cook delicious chinese vegetarian food in just minutes




 
dear friend,
quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking is your complete chinese cookbook guide that shows you how to cook delicious 
              and healthy chinese vegetarian recipes that will spice up your current diet, and can help to improve your diet and health. 
is your meal plan plain and boring? is your cooking not as healthy as you'd like it to be? would you like to improve you and your family's health and diet through cooking and eating delicious, mouth-watering food? i bet!
quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking shows you how to become naturally healthier by preparing easy, delicious, and health enhancing chinese recipes in minutes.

  quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking is the complete e-cookbook you need to:

discover how to cook authentic chinese vegetarian dishes
 discover how to use the healthiest ingredients to cook the tastiest dishes
                16 fundamental cooking technique made easy for you to easily cook like a pro-chef!
improve you and your family's health with a tasty, nutritious diet
                learn all about chinese cooking ingredients
 make your taste buds dance with excitement, while cooking simple, yet exotic
chinese recipes that will save you hours of cooking time
features many mouthwatering sichwan vegetarian recipes that's guaranteed to spice up your diet and make it more enjoyable and interesting!

easy, healthy, low fat, and delicious. 
              so simple, you can do it in minutes!
 whether you're a vegetarian, non-vegetarian, health enthusiast, or food lover, quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking is exactly the resource you need. 













oh my goodness jim... i just finished reading "everything"!!
                        how very creative, descriptive, and informative. i've seen many cookbooks, but none compare to the great lengths you have gone through. thank you, so very much for sharing this with me. thank you so much, and again... great going!   florence nightingale, veerblue@hotmail.com









 




is your diet causing you health problems?
              now... there's an easy and tasty way to improve your diet
humans were meant to be primarily vegetarian. your skin, teeth, stomach and bowel structures are designed for a vegetarian diet. your digestive system is not designed to efficiently process meat. 
harmful effects of meat consumption you need to know:

meat eaters are 3 times more likely than vegetarians to suffer heart diseases and breast cancer
 people who eat meat are 400% more likely to suffer from colon cancer
 you are at risk for arthritis, osteoporosis, and prostate cancer if you consume meat 
 high blood cholesterol and saturated fat are all unhealthy bi-products of eating meat
 you can't afford to ignore vegetarian diets anymore - and here's another fact: vegetarian diets do not lack the nutrients and proteins as many proclaim, and you reduce your risk for colon cancer substituting meat protein with bean/lentils protein!

here's the good news... with quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking, you can cook easy, healthy, and mouth-watering vegetarian meals in just minutes. you won't suffer from boring, unhealthy, and tasteless meals anymore!
if you enjoy chinese cooking, want to dine on delicious food, and desire a better diet, then  quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking is exactly what you need...

whether you want to save time, improve
your diet and health, or cook mouthwatering food, 

                  quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking
shows you how, like no other cookbook.

save time and start cooking delicious, healthy
                  chinese recipes 
              to improve your diet and health today
eating a variety of vegetables are key to good health, but other foods such as soy, beans, and tofu not only add nutritional value, but also delightful flavors to your diet. quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking shows you the best ways to cook your food to maximize nutrition, taste, aroma, and appeal.
just think, starting today, you can cook mouth-watering, healthy, and low fat chinese food that's even better than what you get in a restaurant. guaranteed! and it won't take you longer than 30 minutes to prepare a  delicious meal to satisfy your family and wow your friends. you'll never have to worry about cooking and eating boring, unhealthy food again!
wouldn't it be nice to spend less time cooking and still enjoy delightful, yet healthy cooking? of course! you too, can save a lot of time cooking simple, tasty recipes from this comprehensive cookbook.
everyone and anyone can prepare healthy, low fat, and tasty vegetarian meals, and that includes you!














 this book is just what i was looking for! i'm not a vegetarian but using the quick stir fry recipes in your cookbook, i created some great meals. thank you! my family and i really enjoyed the chinese recipes in your cookbook. 

ted holford, tedholford@rogers.com 














hi jim,
 i purchased your ebook set and i have   just finished reading it.  i am going to go to the store   right
                        now to purchase some of the ingredients.   i can't thank you enough for writing this book.  it is a   lifesaver as i am a vegetarian and most restaurants do   not cater specifically to non-meat eaters. also, i wanted to say   thanks as this is just the book i was looking   for.  take care,

cory goldblatt
















if you are a vegetarian, quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking will introduce you to healthy and delicious chinese vegetarian cuisine. if you are considering becoming a vegetarian, or want to improve your health through better diet, or just want to try something new, start with quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking. improve your diet,  and learn the chinese secret of preparing vegetarian meat (not real meat, but just as good), and that's not all...

make your tastebuds dance, and 
                easily overcome
              everyday cooking problems you face 
don't you hate it when you're out of ideas of what to cook for dinner? or when you just can't seem to satisfy everyone at the dinner table? not any more with my quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking cook book. just take a quick peak below to see a very small sample of the delicious, enticing, and easy to make dishes!





 








 



hi jim,
i recently bought your cookbook, and the 3 other ebooks....brilliant! i love chinese food, and i especially love szechuan dishes....and have loved them since i was a child...much to my mother's displeasure...she hated spicy food! 
  here in adelaide, it's pretty much impossible to find a chinese restaurant that has vegetarian szechuan dishes on the menu. after searching for ages, i was having trouble finding good szechuan recipes - not just vegetarian recipes, meat recipes can be easily adapted, but i was having trouble finding recipes that gave instructions for creating the authentic szechuan ingredients/ techniques. so first of all - thank you for finally providing this! 
my first attempt from your book was kung po chicken. i remember how delicious it was from the days when i would eat chicken....a very different flavour that's hard to describe, and hard to mimic if you don't know where to start! your recipe was exactly how i remember kung po  to taste. i'm so happy! once again, thank you so much for writing your book. i am completely in love with the recipes, and so happy to be able to have proper instruction in the art of szechuan! come live in australia....live next door to me! haha!

i've included a photo for you of my first attempt kung po (including an escapee peanut - i'm not a chef, i know nothing about presentation!). it looked & tasted so good, i took the photo & sent it to my best friend to make him jealous! so, as i have the picture handy, here it is!

thanks again - so much!

jodie peterson


 











hi jim,
thank you for publishing this e-book, jim. i am vegan, this is one of the rare receipes book that gives asian easy to cook vegan receipes. i did not know how to cook the tofu sticks and tofu sheets which i had seen in chinese hyperstores,  now i use them in many receipes [from you cookbook]. anyone who enjoys vegan cooking should get this  book,  it could inspire non vegans to start cooking differently.  the other booklets are as exceptional. 

 anouk de winter 
















click 
              here to download the complete
quick and easy chinese vegetarian cookbook


the only chinese vegetarian cookbook you need
              to cook healthy, low fat, and mouth-watering food
whether you're looking to spice up your diet, improve your health, or prepare mouthwatering foods for dinner, quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking book set has everything you need. 
 this comprehensive, 275 page vegetarian cookbook shows you...

 1. salads & cold dishes - learn how you 
                    can quickly prepare authentic chinese salads that are nutritious, healthy, 
                  and tasty.

12 most popular chinese salads and cold 
                  dishes
making exotic salads from the most common 
                  household vegetables and ingredients
it takes you less than 10 minutes
the common and essential ingredients used to 
                  make chinese salad 'dressings' and dipping sauces

 2. deep-frying - learn the secrets and 
                    techniques of deep-frying. prepare simple and delicious 
                deep-fry dishes that you could never imagine possible.

with my secret recipe, you can make perfect vegetarian spring rolls every time
step by step instructions showing you how to 
                  deep-fry to perfection... every time
a rare recipe that shows you how to cook szechuan 
                  fries - you won't find anywhere else

 3. soups - you can cook appetizing and refreshing soups in under 
                15 minutes. 

1 (one)  ingredient used to cook soups so you'll 
                      never have to make your own soup stock - save you time, energy, 
                    and money
how to use ginger to enhance the taste of your 
                  soups, and improve your health
my secret recipes to make authentic hot and sour soup, vegetarian 
                  wonton soup, and more...

 4. stir-frying  - you too, can prepare savory, healthy, and mouthwatering 
                    stir-fry dishes that you only see in restaurants and cooking shows. 
                    you'll even learn to stir-fry better than real chefs, and impress 
                  your family and friends.

easy to follow instructions take you hand-in-hand 
                  showing you how to stir-fry to perfection
stir-fry recipes you can cook  in less than 10 minutes!
cook exciting dishes likes kung po chicken, white 
                      oil twin mushrooms, spring blossom, homemade chow mein, stir-fry 
                  gai lan, and much more

 5. braising & stewing - learn how to braise and 
                stew chinese vegetarian dishes.

the secret szechuan technique using eggplants 
                  to make vegetarian fish for braising and stewing
authentic chinese vegetarian recipes to make vegetarian sweet and 
                  sour ribs, and honey garlic ribs - without using meat!

 6. steaming - forget steaming broccoli or carrots - that's boring 
                    and tasteless. this section shows you how to cook great tasting dishes 
                by steaming.

the best ways to steam eggs
use lotus root and sweet rice to make blossoming 
                  lotus flower

 7. cooking tofu - this section shows you the simplest and best 
                ways to prepare all types of tofu and tofu products. supplement your diet with soy protein, and  enjoy a healthier life style.

how to handle the 3 types of tofus used in chinese 
                  vegetarian cooking
using tofu as a protein supplement in your diet
authentic vegetarian 
                  recipe to cooking ma po tofu

 8. home cooking - make simple, tasty home cooked dishes that 
                you won't find in restaurants.

the single best method to cook a wide variety of vegetables
recipes that show you how to prepare a meal for 
                  yourself in just 15 minutes
26 simple, delicious, and healthy dishes to fire 
                  up your dinner menu 

 9. vegetarian original creations - discover all the well-hidden methods and recipes to make your own vegetarian 
                "meat" and vegetarian ingredients.

the one chinese technique you must know 
                  to make your own vegetarian meat
my secret recipe to make vegetarian 
                  wontons
how to use dough and bamboo to make vegetarian 
                      ribs that look like, taste like real ribs - you're not going 
                  to find this anywhere else

 10. snacks and small eats - this is nothing like 
                    chips or ice cream. make your own snacks and small eats that everyone 
                will enjoy.

sichuan secret recipe to make strange taste 
                  peanuts - found only in sichuan province
6 fantastic snacks that you can serve your guests 
                  or snack on when you got the munchies
the easiest way to make delicious sweet rice 
                  rolls










 



jim,
 thank you very much.  i am extremely pleased with this purchase.  it is so hard to find authentic chinese cooking info.  i am a vegan and i will get a lot of use out of your books.  thank you for putting out all the effort i know went into this.
  lisa z.


 











 just wanted to take a minute to tell you that i am enjoying your book "quick easy chinese vegetarian cooking". it is well planned and executed. i especially like the pictures that will allow cooks that are unfamiliar with chinese ingredients, and cooking techniques, and finished recipes.
it also has many new and varied recipes. i made the cold noodles today.... stuck to the recipe, and they are excellent! not sure what i'll attempt next, the washed dough sounds interesting!
again thank you for making this book available and for the love and hard work that obviously went into the cookbook.

 diana, glindadoe@hotmail.com













 



order today and 
                you'll also receive the following
3 free bonuses worth at least $125.00!
as an additional bonus for ordering today, you'll also get three free bonus books which were previously not available. these bonus cookbooks will take all the guesswork and confusion out of cooking delicious, appetizing meals every day. they are yours absolutely free if you order today.  









bonus cookbook #1: jim's secret sichuan hot sauce recipe
i guarantee that you will never buy another hot sauce from any store after making my sichuan hot sauce! this is a famous home cooking hot sauce used every single day by sichuan people, and while spicy szechuan food is world famous, the method and secretive recipe of making this hot sauce is finally being shared! you'll be able to cook delicious, mouth-watering dishes with my hot sauce. but don't 
                        tell others what you use, they'll beg you for the secret ingredient you use! 




                      bonus cookbook #2: jim's guide to mastering essential cooking techniques
would you like to cook like a pro chef? you too, can learn to cook like a pro chef, starting today! this book will show you 16 fundamental 
                        cooking techniques to quickly improve your culinary skills. after reading this book, you will have all the confidence and skills to cook healthy and delicious meals! 
 
 



bonus cookbook #3: jim's guide to essential chinese cooking ingredients
don't you just hate it when you try a 
                        new recipe but have no idea what the ingredients are? not with 
                        my cookbooks. i've prepared a comprehensive guide for the 
                        ingredients used in my cookbook. each ingredient comes with a photo to show you 
                        what it looks like. this book shows you:

what to look for when selecting vegetables
how to distinguish one type of veggie from another
the best seasons to buying certain vegetables
what essential ingredients you can use to improve 
                          health and prevent illnesses

never again search for  ingredients 
                        that you are unsure of - you will have it right in front of you with my essential guide to chinese cooking ingredients. 



okay jim, sounds good, but...
                      how much does this complete cookbook set cost?
i have some great news for you! because my cookbooks are e-books, there are no printing and shipping costs, you save a bundle! even better yet, you get the e-cookbook set instantly - there's no waiting! your investment in this life-enhancing e-book is now only $27!
you get everything  including the 275 page quick and easy chinese vegetarian cooking cookbook - plus the three bonuses (secret hot sauce recipe, mastering cooking techniques, and essential chinese cooking ingredients guide). you now have the one and only  tool you 
                      need to prepare quick, healthy, and delicious chinese 
                      vegetarian dishes.
once you have completed your order on clickbank's secure server, you will be directed to the download page, and you can download the entire cookbook package in pdf format, and start cooking healthy, delicious, and easy to make chinese vegetarian dishes immediately.
click 
                      here to download the complete
quick and easy chinese vegetarian cookbook - instant access!
 




 











 



i love chinese food---especially if it's spicy. this cookbook gave me everything i need. the great variety of recipes provided me with many options. and i really enjoyed your secret hot sauce recipe! a must-have for anyone that likes spicy food!!
  jamie tanaka, jttanaka@hotmail.com


 











hi, jim
thanks for your amazing cookbook.  i think i'll definitely enjoy cooking 
                      these dishes.  i'm very new to cooking.  i stopped eating meat primarily because it's too much trouble to cook, but i'm really enjoying this 
                      vegetarian lifestyle.  it feels great to eat healthier, and your book will 
                      definitely help me keep it up!  i'm really glad i found your cookbook, and 
                    i'm looking forward to experimenting!  thanks again!
 cindy














for less than the cost of dinning out for one family meal, 
                you can now learn to prepare and cook 
 quick, easy, healthy, and fantastic tasting chinese dishes
if you love to eat great tasting chinese food, then i guarantee that you will love the recipes in my quick & easy chinese vegetarian cookbook. the money you invest in this amazing cookbook set is just a tiny fraction of the money you spend eating out, and even better, with my cookbook, you will improve your diet, eat healthier, and cook delicious chinese vegetarian dishes - can you say all those things in a sentence about dinning out?
the best news of all is that you have my ironclad, satisfaction guarantee...







60 day - no risk, unconditional
                  money back, satisfaction gurantee



i personally guarantee your 100% satisfaction - read my cookbooks cover to cover, and enjoy the chinese vegetarian recipes, and if you're not satisfied in any way, simply ask for a full refund within 60 days- no questions asked! where will you find a cookbook that let's you try it absolutely risk-free for a full 2 months?! only here, with my quick & easy chinese vegetarian cookbook.
on the other hand, if you find my cookbook to be an exceptional source of healthy, delicious chinese recipes, then i want you to e-mail me your comments and testimonials. i feel great when i hear how much others love my recipes!


 









sincerely, your friend, and fellow food-enthusiast,

jim yang
ps. my e-cookbook set has been published since 2002, and that's a long time! all of our customers who purchased quick & easy chinese vegetarian cooking have enjoy the wonderful, healthy, and delicious recipes. if you love to eat, and if your health is important to you, then you need to try my cookbook and recipes.
pps. don't forget, you have a full 60 days to try my cookbooks risk free. as already said, we have a "no questions asked", 60 day, full refund policy, so you have absolutely nothing to lose. simply click the link below:
click 
                  here to download the complete
quick and easy chinese vegetarian cookbook - instant access!

  please note: quick & easy chinese vegetarian cooking is a downloadable e-book. no physical books will be shipped. the bonus e-books also are not physical products. once you have completed your order, you will get instant acess to download the e-cookbook and the bonus ebooks. the e-cookbooks are in acrobat pdf format, and can be viewed on both pc and mac computers.





 






            © 
            2002 - 2010 quickeasyvegetariancooking.com
            all rights reserved worldwide.

cooking ingredients | cooking techniques | hot sauce | vegetarian food articles
privacy | disclaimer | healthy cooking recipes | travel china tour
  

 













