


international society for preventive oncology















international society for preventive oncology










the web resource on cancer control by predictive and preventive oncology.













site index a-z


abstracts (cdp)
contact information
ispo
meetings
membership
mission statement
welcome message



site contents



the society

the international society for preventive oncology

meeting archives

abstracts and other information from past international symposia.






news



in memoriam
·
herbert eguda nieburgs, m.d.
·
1913 - 2013


pioneer in the early detection of cancer
ispo founder
cancer detection and prevention founding editor



            dr. herbert eguda nieburgs passed away in the hundredth
            year of a remarkable life leaving a legacy of impressive
            accomplishments in the pursuit of early cancer detection —
            in the realms of diagnostic cell pathology, clinical and
            laboratory research, continuing medical education as well
            as authoring, editing, and publishing.  he was a physician
            known for his great honesty and integrity, extraordinary
            work ethic, clear intellect, keen mind, and insight. 

            dr. nieburgs’ seminal contribution, the discovery and
            characterization of cellular “markers” presenting
            malignancy associated changes (mac) in ostensibly benign
            cells throughout the body, was made in 1959 — with the aid
            of the light microscope — before progress in molecular
            biology transformed biological sciences.  his observations
            of mac indicated the clinical presence of a suspected
            tumor and of unsuspected tumors in early asymptomatic
            stages.  mac was confirmed by independent investigators
            and also found to be valid for spontaneous cancer in
            animals. with other investigators, he determined that
            circulating nucleic acid peptides were the basis
            responsible for the development of these cellular
            “markers”.  the prospect of being able to diagnose cancer,
            without performing invasive testing, sparked continuing
            interest in the medical research community over the next
            decades.  independent investigators have successfully
            quantified the mac principles and criteria and coupled the
            algorithms of mac morphology with evolving computer
            technologies in digital cytophotometric image analysis —
            integrating them in today’s automated and semiautomatic
            cytometry systems for cancer screening. 

            dr. nieburgs was a pioneer in clinical cytology and the
            study of differences between cells from covert invasive
            carcinoma and preinvasive carcinoma (carcinoma-in-situ) of
            the cervix uteri.  in 1946, he became involved with
            ground-breaking clinical research on endocrinology and
            cytology that was blossoming at the medical college of
            georgia (augusta) under the direction of endocrinologist
            robert greenblatt and pathologist edgar pund.  in 1949,
            drs. nieburgs and pund reported that preinvasive carcinoma
            could remain localized for as long as 10 years in younger
            women based on an investigation of 10,000 cases utilizing
            the papanicolaou method (pap smear).  this landmark
            finding justified wide-scale screening programs for early
            detection of incipient carcinoma that were funded by the
            national cancer institute (bethesda) between 1950 and
            1954.  

            dr. nieburgs directed the first mass-screening project in
            the united states, undertaken in georgia’s floyd county,
            for detection of uterine cancer in women — the milestone
            study was published in jama 1957;164:1546-51.  in 1950,
            dr. nieburgs was appointed a professor of clinical
            cytology at the medical college of georgia where he
            created the college’s department of clinical cytology.  in
            october 1953, dr. nieburgs became the director of the
            cytology center, beth el hospital (brooklyn, new york).
            he joined new york’s mount sinai school of medicine
            department of pathology in 1955 working with the renowned
            pathologists paul klemperer and hans popper, the father of
            modern hepatology, and the eminent gastroenterologist,
            fenton schaffner.  

            dr. nieburgs was appointed consultant, division of cancer
            control and research, new york city department of health
            (1956–1967). in cooperation with abe oppenheim,
            commissioner of health, he conducted a screening project
            for detection of early stomach cancer.  dr. nieburgs
            founded mount sinai’s laboratory for cell pathology in
            1957 and served as the laboratory director for 27 years.
            innovation was a hallmark in dr. nieburgs’ laboratory.  he
            held a number of u.s. patents for devices to facilitate
            the collection of cell specimens.  he published a textbook
            on techniques for cytological examination, collection
            methods and fixation.  in the reporting of diagnostic
            information he introduced the practice of always showing
            both the characteristic cytology of the exfoliated cells
            and the histopathology of the tissues from which they were
            derived.  to improve visualization of the chromatin
            distribution within the cell nuclei and the morphology of
            the fine nuclear cell structures that occur in
            carcinogenesis, he modified the formula of the
            papanicolaou stain.  leitz wetzlar optics technicians
            collaborated with dr. nieburgs in engineering light
            microscope ocular eye pieces and viewers for multiple
            users.  dr. nieburgs himself constructed a system to image
            20-fold enlargements of single cell structures within
            various histopathologic alterations, observed at the
            highest magnifications of a light microscope attached to
            closed-circuit television.  

            dr. nieburgs regularly lectured on aspects of the cell
            morphology in the biology and diagnosis of tumors to
            medical groups around the world.  his command of german
            and italian permitted him to address his audience in these
            languages.  medical schools invited him to organize
            workshops.  he continually conducted diagnostic cytology
            courses for mount sinai’s page and black post-graduate
            school of medicine, the international academy of cytology,
            the american society of cytology and the society for
            detection and prevention of cancer (later known as the
            international society for preventive oncology – ispo).  

            dr. nieburgs effectively fostered global approaches to
            cancer recognition and prevention founding both the ispo
            and the internationally peer-refereed bi-monthly journal,
            cancer detection and prevention.  the journal became an
            authoritative and important voice in the mechanisms of
            cancer development as well as its many causes and
            cofactorial aspects of detection and prevention.  under
            dr. nieburgs’ leadership, as editor-in-chief from 1976 to
            2009, the publication brought to world attention articles
            about the lifestyle practices that were responsible for
            particular types of cancers or the presence of local
            factors in the environment that lead to cancer, including
            many studies on diet and cancer, the establishment of
            basic services in screening programs and development of
            national tumor registries, the implications of specific
            types of cancer in migrant populations, and on public
            health and psychosocial issues.  

            as ispo’s secretary-general, dr. nieburgs advanced
            continuing medical education on interacting etiologic
            factors in cancer development and their impact on
            prevention, detection and management of neoplastic
            diseases.  dr. nieburgs’ energy, commitment and ingenuity
            were instrumental in convening two-dozen major
            international symposia held between 1973 and 2004 for
            appraisal of advances in predictive and preventive
            oncology at the individual, community and national level.
            the 4-5 day scientific programs involved the organization
            of thousands of research reports into cohesive schedules
            of presentations proffered by leading clinicians and
            researchers worldwide engaged in various fields of cancer
            medicine and biotechnology

            major international cancer control agencies endorsed the
            ispo symposia including the international union against
            cancer (uicc), geneva; international agency for research
            on cancer (iarc), lyon; and world health organization
            (who), geneva.  the symposia were convened in venues
            around the world including the cities of boston, new york,
            london, sao paulo, paris and numerous other european
            locations.  as ispo’s secretary-general, dr. nieburgs
            involved national, regional, and local cancer control
            agencies, university institutes and medical centers in
            cosponsoring the symposia scientific programs. 

            dr. nieburgs undertook the massive task of reviewing and
            editing the papers presented at the ispo symposia in
            collaboration with well-known physicians and medical
            researchers, including philip strax, murray m. copeland,
            robert a. good, i. bernard weinstein, guy de thé, anthony
            b. miller, and leonardo santi to mention but a few.  the
            ispo publications included prevention and detection of
            cancer (4 volumes, 1977–1979), tumor markers in cancer
            control (1985), immunobiology of cancer and aids (1987),
            and developments in preventive oncology (2 volumes, 1987)
            by way of example.  thereafter, symposia papers were
            selected to appear in special issues of the print and
            online versions of the journal, cancer detection and
            prevention.  

            between 1987 and 2012, dr. nieburgs was affiliated with
            the university of massachusetts medical school
            (worcester).  he was appointed professor of pathology in
            the department of pathology initially chaired by the
            world-renowned pathologist guido majno.  medical school
            faculty members including the prominent educator and
            chancellor aaron lazare, lent their expertise to ispo’s
            programs in primary and secondary cancer prevention
            complementing the school’s continuing medical education.
            in 1989, the editorial functions for cancer detection and
            prevention were established at the university of
            massachusetts medical school.  the journal’s editorial
            responsibilities were passed to the publisher, elsevier
            science (oxford, england) in 2009, at which time dr.
            nieburgs stepped down after 33 years as editor-in-chief.  

            dr. nieburgs’ own publications were many and varied. he
            authored an armed forces institute of pathology syllabus
            morphogenesis of uterine cervix carcinoma (1964),
            textbooks on subjects such as hormones in clinical
            practice (1949), cytologic techniques for office and
            clinic (1957), diagnostic cell pathology in tissue and
            smears (1967), chapters in textbooks and reference
            compendia like the 5th edition of bocus gastroenterology
            (1995), numerous audiovisual teaching aids, films, manuals
            and over 100 refereed journal articles devoted to the
            identification of cellular markers in cancer, immune
            deficiencies and aids, prognosis and response of cancer
            patients receiving chemotherapy and radiation treatment,
            and the relationship between environmental factors and
            cancer.  in addition, dr. nieburgs’ command of russian and
            german made it possible for him to authoritatively
            translate a number of books into english, including the
            russian language report by the u.s.s.r. red army medical
            unit, treatment of exposure to freezing and frostbite, for
            use by the british military during wartime (subsequently
            published by hutchinson in 1947), and the 2nd edition of
            the german textbook by henning and witte, atlas of
            gastrointestinal cytodiagnosis, published by g. thieme
            (1970). 

            a native of latvia, dr. nieburgs received his early
            education in riga and berlin in the twenties during years
            of economic tumult and political instability in germany
            and eastern europe.  his father, a pharmacist, was
            influential in his decision to attend the german medical
            school in prague, czechoslovakia.  dr. nieburgs completed
            his degree in italy at the university of bologna (1938).
            post-graduate studies in gynecologic pathology at the
            sorbonne, paris, were interrupted by the threat of
            imminent war.  dr. nieburgs was in the vienna train
            station on the night of november 9, 1938 — krystallnacht.
            he escaped from nazi soldiers in the course of his arrest
            and made his way to italy.  in turin, he turned for help
            from count rossi, the honorary latvian consul, who had
            recently travelled from estonia to riga with dr. nieburgs
            serving as his interpreter (latvian into italian).  the
            count arranged with the british embassy for dr. nieburgs’
            visa to enter england.  dr. nieburgs was in london during
            the blitz.  he was granted a british license and assigned
            to the surgery and medicine service at the emergency
            hospital, barking, and west middlesex hospital.  in may,
            1942, he filed to patent his invention of a surgical
            tourniquet — the first of many patents he was granted
            throughout his career.  

            from 1942 to 1946, dr. nieburgs was affiliated with the
            endocrine clinic, department of gynecology and obstetrics,
            westminster hospital, and the british post-graduate
            medical school, university of london.  his research in
            cell pathology and experimental endocrinology was
            associated with some of britain’s most illustrious
            scientists.  he conducted clinical studies with
            endocrinologist raymond greene, brother of the author
            graham greene, and an alpinist who accompanied sir edmund
            hillary in the ascent of mt. everest.  sir solly
            zuckerman, the influential war operations research pioneer
            and leading authority on primate behavior, engaged dr.
            nieburgs in cytologic studies of rhesus monkeys.  in fact,
            dr. zuckerman was one of the many distinguished
            researchers participating in the first meeting that dr.
            nieburgs organized — an international symposium on
            exfoliative cytology, cancer detection and diagnosis
            (augusta, april 1953).

            dr. nieburgs accepted appointments as consultant to the
            cancer unit of the world health organization, and lived
            near geneva, switzerland for several years after retiring
            from the mount sinai school of medicine in 1984.  he
            continued to study the cell morphology of
            malignancy-associated changes imaged digitally at the
            highest power of the light microscope.  dr. nieburgs was
            97 years of age when he displayed his recent
            photomicrographs of mac appearing in cancer stem cell
            niche architecture.  the presentation attracted the
            enthusiastic attention of junior and senior investigators
            attending the american association for cancer research
            101st annual meeting (washington dc, april 17-21, 2010).  

             during his career, dr. nieburgs was the recipient of
             numerous honors and awards recognizing his contributions
             to continuing medical education and studies of cancer
             cell morphology.  he will be missed by his many friends,
             students and those he mentored, and colleagues in medical
             and scientific communities internationally.  dr. nieburgs
             passed away on june 8, 2013.  he was predeceased by his
             beloved parents who perished in auschwitz.  he is
             survived by his second cousin, aleck hercbergs m.d., a
             radiation oncologist at the cleveland clinic, and his
             spouse and devoted partner for the last 41 years of his
             life, suzanne kay nieburgs, a former science and
             technology reference librarian at the new york public
             library research libraries (42nd street), who
             collaborated with him in all aspects of his pursuits of
             the early detection of cancer.



previous news





selected works of he nieburgs




        the niche architecture and structure of cancer stem cells
        

browse slides
        -
        view poster
[pdf]



who we are
the international
        society for preventive oncology is the forum of an international
        membership committed to the study of interactive etiologic factors in
        cancer development and their impact on prevention, detection, and
        management of neoplastic diseases.

the ispo programs fostering predictive and
            preventive oncology began in liege, belgium, in 1968, and have been
            held regularly throughout the last three decades.
            abstracts from past symposia, including the
            paris symposium
            at the pasteur institute in 2002 are
            available for browsing.
        





© 1993-2005, 2008 by the ispo

        | about this website 
        | contact information



