



















home | media research center






















































        skip to main content
    














        the media research center stands with israel
    







































donate

















about


contact


careers


events


internships


testimonials














media research center


since 1987, the media research center has worked successfully
      to expose and counter the leftist bias of the national news media, where
      now only a historically low 32% of americans say they trust media to be
      fair and impartial. alongside this effort, mrc leads the conservative
      movement in combatting the left’s efforts to manipulate the electoral
      process, silence opposing voices online, and undermine american values.
    













              your browser does not support html5 video.
            















              your browser does not support html5 video.
            










mrc newsbusters, the news analysis division’s fast paced and popular blog, is
              the leader in documenting, exposing, and neutralizing liberal
              media bias. mrc newsbusters also houses the following divisions:
            






























visit site











mrctv
              is the multimedia division of mrc featuring original content and
              aggregated videos of the news, people, and events conservatives
              care about. additionally, mrctv has merged with cnsnews.
            












visit site











mrc free speech america
            uncovers and fights the systematic campaign of the big tech
            companies, like google and facebook, to censor constitutionally
            protected speech. it also maintains the one-of-a-kind censortrack
            database.
          












visit site





learn more




mrc highlights








                    2025 mrc cruise to norway
                

                    registration is now open for the media research center’s 7-day cruise to norway, departing from amsterdam on saturday, august 30, 2025.        
                
learn more










                    mrc’s bozell: the media’s ‘attacks on donald trump backfired in 2024’
                

                    in his first post-2024 election appearance on fox news channel’s life, liberty & levin on sunday, media research center founder and president brent bozell called out how the liberal media’s “attacks on donald trump backfired in 2024” and how the astute american people saw through their propaganda.
                
learn more










                    mrc president brent bozell endorses free speech champion brendan carr for fcc chairman
                

                    mrc founder and president brent bozell endorsed free speech champion commissioner brendan carr to take the helm of the fcc and encouraged president trump to appoint carr as the entity’s chairman. he “has proven he is more than capable,” bozell said. 
                
learn more










                    study: 89 percent of saturday night live's fall campaign jokes targeted trump
                

                    during its five shows during the fall presidential campaign from september 28 through november 2, a media research center study found that nbc’s saturday night live weekend update anchors colin jost and michael che told a total of 38 jokes about donald trump and kamala harris. of these, 34, or 89 percent, were about trump.
                
learn more










                    what in the name of orwell! us gov’t paid $2.4m to soros-backed censorship giant
                

                    the revelation that the new york times and politico received millions collectively in taxpayer dollars from a slew of us government…
                
learn more










                    five reasons to defund 'public' broadcasting 
                

                    



 

now that republicans have control of congress and the white house and trump’s “government efficiency” czars are looking hard at…
                
learn more










                    join us on mrc's cruise to norway! 
                

                    registration is now open for the media research center’s 2025 norwegian cruise.

the seven-day voyage on holland america’s newest cruise…
                
learn more










                    worst censorship surrounding election day 2024: big tech interference
                

                    before and after election day 2024, big tech platforms voted for election interference.



google was the most egregious election censor,…
                
learn more










                    exclusive: wikipedia effectively blacklists all right-leaning media; smearing trump, gop and conservatives
                

                     hoping to avoid misinformation about president donald trump’s nominees and appointments on wikipedia? good luck. wikipedia has designed a…
                
learn more










                    abc, cbs, nbc give trump’s pardons 15x more time than biden’s
                

                     broadcast networks abc, cbs, and nbc spent last week incensed by president trump’s pardoning of jan. 6 defendants, heaping over 46 minutes…
                
learn more










                    victory! brent bozell commends meta for turnabout after ‘years-long battle’ for free speech
                

                     mrc founder and president brent bozell commended meta following a stunning announcement on free speech by the company’s ceo mark…
                
learn more










                    trump atop worst censorship of 2024: election interference and beyond
                

                    big tech aimed for a silent night all year long as it silenced users’ free speech. while americans voted for their political leaders, big…
                
learn more










                    the brian stelter award for worst quote of the year
                

                     it was a challenging task, but an esteemed panel led by mrc president l. brent bozell and mrc’s vice president for research and…
                
learn more










                    it’s official: 2024 campaign news coverage was the worst ever!
                

                    it’s finally over, and the 2024 presidential campaign made history in at least one ignominious respect: broadcast evening news coverage of…
                
learn more










                    americans actually trust the media far less than they say they do, study shows 
                

                    americans trust the media even less than they’re willing to admit, a comparison of what they say publicly and what they think privately…
                
learn more




show more





















            “our media has been pretty one-sided for the last several
            decades...having mrc on the scene levels the playing field.”
          
–charlie daniels












            “mrc gives us the straight story on what is going on in journalism
            in this country.”
          
–edwin meese iii












            “the press in this country is no longer on the side of the governed,
            it has become a partisan of the governing class.”
          
–jeane kirkpatrick




testimonials










donate

          your donations help us stop the left from achieving total control of
          messaging and communications via the media and big tech.
        
stand for truth







take action

          simple steps you can take to hold the radical media and big tech
          censors accountable.
        
spread the message







sign up

          stay on top of the latest happenings by subscribing to the newsletters
          of your choice.
        
stay in the know







                    you make a difference.
                

                    meet a few people who make us possible.
                







teresa rowlandteresa rowland has always been skeptical of the media going back to the days of the big three networks. “my college roommate thought walter cronkite…view profile



jim & melissa emerymelissa emery is an acute businessperson and passionate conservative, two traits that led her to the media research center. a native of chicago,…view profile



don cooper & terry waltera  few years ago, don cooper and his wife, terry walter, had cabinet work done in their sioux falls, s.d. home. 

they knew the cabinet…view profile



tom & kipp gutshall 

tom & kipp gutshall

mrc supporters tom and kipp gutshall want to make the media great again. and they decided that the best path to…view profile







            you can also become a donor.
        

            make a donation today.
        



donate now









































 







                    the mission of the media research center is to document and
                    combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media,
                    entertainment media and big tech in order to defend and
                    preserve america's founding principles and judeo-christian
                    values. the mrc is a research and education organization
                    operating under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue
                    code, and contributions to the mrc are tax-deductible.
                    

federal tax id number: 54-1429009
                




                        company
                    


about mrc


testimonials


research


contact us


media availability


careers


events


internships


support


bulldog awards


media bias 101


past mrc galas


donate


subscribe





                        mrc programs
                    


mrc newsbusters


cnsnews.com


mrctv


free speech america


mrc latino


mrc culture


mrc business





                        legal
                    


privacy policy


terms of use








                    connect with us
                
sign up to our email list to receive the latest news.



subscribe










 
facebook







 
youtube














parler







 
instagram









x







 
linkedin













 
tiktok













 
mewe













 
rumble













 
clapper













 
clouthub













 
gettr













 
freetalk



















truth





                ©copyright 2025, media research center, all
                rights reserved
            

















