











home - the rochelle news-leader





































      tuesday, february 18, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                subscribe              



                newsletters              









 




            -7 °
          

            clear          

            forecast
          

















advanced search










toggle navigation




main menu






home



                    community                  


                    sports                  


                    police reports                  


                    obituaries                  


                    opinion                  



                    marketplace 



                          this week's classified ads                        


                          this week's print ads                        





                    send us your news 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          submit news                        





                    contact us 



                          contact us                        


                          change of address                        


                          delivery issues                        


                          vacation stop                        





                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living & the environment                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        

















 

 







 

 










top stories

rch family healthcare clinic welcomes rochelle native gonzales as physician assistant




							the family healthcare clinic at rochelle community hospital recently welcomed kristi gonzales, mspas, pa-c, to its list of providers as a physician assistant. 						



				more news				








more local news




						no prep tacos to open restaurant next month at former site of the kitchen table					








								accomplished guitarist pistol pete and his band to play vcct’s lincoln arts center feb. 22							







								elementary school board: $14.2 million bid for tilton school construction project approved							







						read more local news						







community








area fire departments respond to detached garage fire near chana

							late in the morning of friday, feb. 14, area fire departments responded to a detached garage fire at 7483 e. husking peg road in a rural area between rochelle and chana. the fire reached the second-alarm level and involved a trailer as well. fire departments were first called at 11:28 a.m.						









tilton school crowns 5th grade spelling bee winners 

							tilton elementary school spelling bee classroom finalists were (alphabetical order): avaley hester, tadeo inocencio-lopez, kate keller, gabby miller, chase olsen, lyla paul, aida rodriguez, cole schneider, brooklyn shepard, adelaide stouffer, and gracynn stultz.  the school champion was stouffer, and the runner-up was olsen. stouffer advanced to the regional spelling bee in dixon on feb. 20.						









rmu water receives perfect iepa inspection score

							rochelle municipal utilities (rmu) is proud to announce that its recent inspection by the illinois environmental protection agency (iepa) resulted in no deficiencies, highlighting the utility’s ongoing commitment to operational excellence and environmental stewardship.						







wrestling: hubs land three champions at ihsa 2a dixon regional




							roman villalobos failed to qualify for sectionals during his freshman season two years ago. now a junior, villalobos stood atop the podium as a regional champion after helping the rochelle hub varsity wrestling team take second place in the ihsa 2a dixon regional.						


girls bowling: vincent leads lady hubs to 12th at ihsa dixon regional




							cassidy vincent has grown accustomed to bowling under pressure throughout her four years with the rochelle lady hubs.						



sports








wrestling: rwc posts two champions at 2025 st. charles battle for the shield

							the rochelle wrestling club sent 19 athletes to the 2025 st. charles battle for the shield on sunday, feb. 9. two individuals took home championships, while seven others recorded runner-up finishes and three more secured third-place finishes in the tournament.						









girls basketball: lady hubs fall in overtime senior night thriller with lasalle-peru

							one could make the claim that a few unfortunate bounces were enough to decide an overtime thriller friday evening, when the rochelle lady hubs celebrated senior night before taking on lasalle-peru in an exciting interstate 8 conference battle at rths.						









girls bowling: lady hubs hold senior night match against oregon

							senior cassidy vincent earned the spotlight one final time at t-byrd lanes on thursday, when the rochelle lady hubs welcomed oregon for their senior night varsity bowling match.						












boys basketball: rochelle offense smothered in road loss at kaneland

							roughly 24 hours after turning in their highest scoring output of the season on monday, the rochelle hubs faced a whole new animal on tuesday, when the purple and white were held to 11 first-half points during their varsity basketball matchup against kaneland.						









girls bowling: vincent earns all-conference honors for fourth straight season

							since she started her high school career as a freshman, cassidy vincent has learned to trust herself and compete with a purpose.						









boys basketball: motion offense fuels hubs in win over plano

							junior guard van gerber created separation and knocked down a stepback 3-pointer in the fourth quarter as the rochelle hubs continued to increase their lead during their nonconference varsity basketball matchup against plano at rths on monday evening.						




 








e-edition




 




rochelle news-leader — sunday, feb. 16, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											













police reports



ogle county sheriff’s report: feb. 11-12, 2025




rochelle police report: feb. 11-13, 2025




ogle county sheriff’s report: feb. 7-10, 2025




rochelle police report: feb. 7-10, 2025




ogle county sheriff’s report: feb. 4-6, 2025




rochelle police report: feb. 3-6, 2025





			read more police reports			

































































 

 










opinion





managing your fearful and obsessive thoughts

there are times that we encounter negative thoughts that can be overwhelming.









sammy and john: 82 years and thousands of children


				not all heroes serve in war, they don’t slay dragons or climb mountains, they simply go to work every day and serve with love and compassion.  two such heroes were samuel hansen and john furland, custodians for the rochelle school district. 			






			more opinion			






















let’s take a look at deepseek
the recent hysteria amongst the technocrats is that the latest ai (artificial intelligence) computer program, deepseek, will revolutionize ai and propel the chinese into the lead in ai. the u.s.-based openai company has developed a popular computer program called chatgpt (ai tool) that helps users write and perform other tasks easily.








livestock training, and scholarships
rolling ahead into the new year i’ve finally gotten used to putting 2025 on my checks and correspondence. as i get older it becomes more difficult for me to break old habits, or more accurately to “change.” i guess that’s either a benefit or curse of old age.













find us on facebook

facebook
















































 

 









						obituaries					








obituaries








delores ‘lois’ utley (marler)

							delores "lois" utley (marler), 86 of osage beach, missouri peacefully passed away at home on february 5, 2025 in byrnes mill, missouri surrounded by her loving family. 						









linda karen lemar

							linda karen lemar, loving mother, granny and sister, 79, passed away monday, february 10, 2025 at her home in rochelle, illinois. 						









timothy michael kromm

							timothy michael kromm, aged 70, passed away on january 29, 2025, in mendota, il.						









sarah carlota valdivieso

							sarah carlota valdivieso, age 91, went home to be with her lord on january 29, 2025 surrounded by her family after an adventurous life.						









lorena ‘rena’ hosbach zack

							lorena “rena” hosbach zack, 91, of greenville, north carolina, passed peacefully in her beloved home at cypress glen retirement community on sunday, february 2, surrounded by her loving family.						






			more obituaries			


 









 








special publications








rochelle news-leader — 2025 drug & alcohol awareness











rochelle news-leader — 2025 spring today's farm











rochelle news-leader — 2025 remember when











rochelle news-leader — 2024-25 rths winter sports booster book











rochelle news-leader — 2024 letters to santa






 








this week's print ads






			see all the ads in marketplace			












web extra content








ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one

							(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …						









10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter

							are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.						









noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it

							noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.						












what are the most distinctive baby names by state?

							spokeo used data from the social security administration to find the most unique baby names in every state across the country as of 2023.						









the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents

							(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …						









start the day by sharing a heartwarming breakfast

							(family features) 
    whether your brunch favorites include bananas foster french toast or peanut butter and apple, enjoying a meal together is a heartwarming way to start the day.						




 










 











 







 







 











featured local savings


 












                  211 east illinois route 38, rochelle, il
                          phone: 815-562-4171





links of interest


              contact us            


              subscribe            


              terms and conditions            


              privacy policy            




get social


 



 











          © copyright 2025 the rochelle news-leader        

powered by creative circle media solutions







 


