







home - city blue print




























































skip to content
 


 

menu


home
print
design
supply
guides
upload & contact









wichita's one-stop-shop for prints | designs | supplies get started 





 

what we do 



print

 
 
print
small, large, and anything in between, we print it all!





design

 
 
design
logos, branding, designs, ads, & print setup.





supply

 
 
supply
supplies, fulfillment, & equipment.












92

years in business





1,000,000
+

projects completed





96
%

positive feedback








don't take our word for it 







 



alexandra nguyen, adt security 


city blue print has been a fantastic 
vendor partner. adt has an international footprint and we often launch a
 lot of large scale print efforts companywide that can range from small 
prints to large graphic
 installs. because of that, we need a fast and nimble printer partner 
that can keep up with all of our needs and city blue is our vendor of 
choice. the staff is supper helpful, reliable and easy to work with and i
 could not ask for a better partnership.









 



jason marrs, strategic pricing center 

over the years i have used printing companies from all over the country. more often than not it has been an exercise in frustration. from all that experience i have learned there is a lot more to printing than just “printing”. that’s why i’m glad i found city blue print. i’ve been using them at least once a month for several years.  they print my newsletters, brochures, fliers, notepads, envelopes, booklets and just about anything else i can think of. i know from experience that i can trust what they tell me and count on them to do what they say they’re going to do.  they’re friendly. they’re knowledgeable and they are dependable.  i highly recommend them.






 



lamphouse photo 

city blue print, inc. has saved us several times when other shops couldn’t turn work around quick enough for us, and they’ll be the first place we go from now on for vinyl graphics and other signage needs. and their prices are super reasonable as well! can’t recommend them enough!




tell us what you think










get in touch 




city blue print, inc


1400 e watermanwichita, ks 67211



316.265.6224



sales@cityblue.com












 
be social with us! 
 







								copyright © 2025 city blue print			





























