






milwaukee mitchell international airport





































 



this browser does not support javascript.
you need to enable javascript to run this app.

you need to enable javascript to run this app.

you need to enable javascript to run this app.

you need to enable javascript to run this app.

you need to enable javascript to run this app.
you need to enable javascript to run this app.































search 

search
















search


arrivalsdeparturesflights & airlines   airlinescargo charter servicescities served nonstopwhere we flymke airfare dealsairport guide   general informationinteractive terminal guideaccessibility informationbaby & family amenitiesdininggallery of flight museuminternational arrivals terminallost and foundsecurity/tsashoppingusowi-fi servicesairport information   airport programsairport projectscivil rights & nondiscriminationfacts and statshistorymilwaukee informationmke fire departmentmke security servicesnewsletternews releasesnoise managementnoticesmke meditation roomparking & transportation   driving directionsground transportationparking





















 




 




 




 




 




 























flight status





parking





transportation





dining





shopping





directions









×
picking someone up? use hourly parking to avoid congestion on the baggage claim roadway. the first 30 minutes are free!
 







airlines serving mke



 











 












 



















 






 
 







flight status
check the status of arriving and departing flights 



arrivals or departures

 arrivals  |
 departures 

search flight





browse all arrivals   |   browse all departures 






 
 

















 




 















 




 




 















 




 




 




 



















  414-747-5300
  info@mitchellairport.com
employment
business opportunities
volunteer opportunities
safety management system
customer service














arrivals
departures
parking & transportation
parking
driving directions




flights & airlines
flight schedules
mke airfare deals
cities served nonstop
cargo charter services








airport guide






interactive terminal guide
dining
shopping
baby & family amenities
security/tsa
wi-fi services




lost and found
services for the disabled
gallery of flight museum
international arrivals terminal
uso








airport information






airport programs
airport projects
history
facts and stats
milwaukee information




newsletter
news releases
noise management
notices
airport fire department









sign up for our newsletter
stay current with mke happenings. receive the mitchell memo and other updates from mke.

email signup




follow us

  facebook
  twitter
  instagram












milwaukee mitchell international airport | 5300 south howell ave. milwaukee, wi 53207
copyright © 2025 gmia | privacy and acceptable usage policies | cookies policy












this browser does not support javascript.

this browser does not support javascript.



this browser does not support javascript.




close

                      by using our website you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookies policy.
                    






this browser does not support javascript.




×



  win a week’s worth of daily parking! 
 sign up to be the first to know about mke’s new deals and destinations and you’ll be entered to win a week’s worth of daily parking, on us! 




email 



subscribe







                by signing up you agree to mke’s privacy policy & terms of use 
            





