


  








news & information   | news & information 










































news & information       http://info.owt.com















news & information







general

national news
government
politics
weather
 

local

local news
local sports
local weather
regional news
local & regional events
regional weather
education
 

technology

apple
pc/windows
linux
cloud computing
search engines
security
web development
 

sports

cougars sports
husky sports
local sports
mariners
regional sports
seahawks
soccer
 

business

finance & money
markets
 

entertainment

movies
music
tv
 

lifestyle & travel

fashion & style
travel
 

science & health

medicine
science
health & fitness
senior health & living
 

home










news & information			
















local news			









  more local news
 











local sports			









  more local sports
 







02/18/2025    forbes latest headlines
delta flight crashes in toronto: 18 passengers injured with no fatalities as cause of incident is under investigation
early news reports show the plane upside down after landing at toronto pearson international airport.
02/18/2025    forbes latest headlines
iphone se 4: why apple’s new product isn’t iphone se after all
a rumor from some weeks back is suddenly gathering steam, suggesting a different iphone is on the brink of release.
02/18/2025    forbes latest headlines
ten tips for transgender people looking to land their dream job
"if there’s one thing i know about trans people, it’s that we are resilient."
02/18/2025    upi latest news
china rebukes u.s. after state dept. updates website on relations with taiwan
china has rebuked the united states after the u.s. state department remove a statement from its website declaring it does not  support taiwan independence.
02/18/2025    fox news latest headlines
tennessee man, self-proclaimed 'serial killer,' sentenced to 261 years in 5 separate murders
a memphis man, who referred to himself as a "serial killer" during his trial, has been sentenced to a combined 261 years in prison after confessing to five murders.
02/18/2025    upi latest news
famous birthdays for feb. 18: dr. dre, cybill shepherd
musician dr. dre turns 60 and actor cybill shepherd turns 75, among the famous birthdays for feb. 18.
02/18/2025    upi latest news
on this day: snow falls in sahara for 1st known time
on feb. 18, 1979, snow fell in the sahara desert in southern algeria for the first known time. it fell a second time in 2016 and a third time in 2018.
02/17/2025    fox news latest headlines
team usa falls to sweden; still set to face canada in 4 nations face-off final
team usa fell to sweden in its final round-robin matchup of the 4 nations face-off, though their six points still puts them in the final against canada on thursday night.
02/17/2025    fox news latest headlines
michigan man drives over 700 miles, sets fire to home of man who communicated with his ex: officials
authorities arrested a michigan man who drove over 700 miles to set fire to the pennsylvania home of a man that his ex-girlfriend had communicated with online.













  more national news
 





   yahoo! sports
olympian rebecca cheptegei dies days after partner set her on fire; officials highlight pattern of 'gender-based violence'
tokyo (ap) — some japanese are using an old expression to describe how nissan was left out of talks that led to the proposed merger between its french alliance partner renault and fiat chrysler automobiles: “kaya no soto.” that translates to “outside the mosquito net,” or the unlucky person outside the net, getting bitten while others are safe inside. in other words, the odd man out. nissan motor co. wasn’t consulted in advance about the proposed merger announced last week, which would create the world’s third-biggest automaker, trailing only volkswagen ag and toyota motor corp. in a statement tuesday, nissan ceo hiroto saikawa raised doubts about his company’s continued participation in a...
   yahoo! sports
leaping over waves, vaulting to glory: athleticism is on display in photos from the 2024 paris olympics opening weekend
(cnn)roger federer and rafael nadal will meet at the french open for the first time in eight years after winning hugely different quarterfinals tuesday in soggy and blustery paris. while federer downed fellow swiss stan wawrinka in a bruising three-and-a-half hour duel 7-6 (4) 4-6 7-6 (5) 6-4 on court suzanne lenglen, 11-time champion nadal had it much easier in dispatching kei nishikori 6-1 6-1 6-3 in under two hours on the main philippe chatrier court. read: wawrinka outduels tsitsipas in epic read: more...
   yahoo! sports
the u.s. cricket team just advanced to the super 8. how an unlikely lineup of 9-to-5ers is making history
iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said donald trump's presidency was a sign the united states is in 'decline' iran's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said tuesday that donald trump's presidency shows the united states is in "decline", as the islamic republic...
02/18/2025    google sports
u.s. and russia meet for talks on ukraine war - reuters
u.s. and russia meet for talks on ukraine war  reuterswhy is saudi arabia hosting talks between the us and russia?  cnntop u.s., russian diplomats meet on improving ties, ending ukraine war — without ukraine officials at the table  cbs newsus-russia talks live: saudis host negotiations on ukraine, europeans excluded  reuters ukrussia-ukraine war live: us, russia meet in saudi arabia without kyiv  al jazeera english
02/17/2025    google sports
delta jet flips upside down on a snowy toronto runway and all 80 aboard survive - the associated press
delta jet flips upside down on a snowy toronto runway and all 80 aboard survive  the associated pressfebruary 17, 2025: delta air lines plane crashes in toronto, canada  cnnis it still safe to fly? simon calder explains all you need to know after delta airlines plane crash  yahooplane with 80 people on board crashes on landing at pearson airport, ends up on its roof  ctv newsdelta plane crashes at toronto airport while landing  the new york times
02/17/2025    google sports
musk debuts grok 3 chatbot as openai battle heats up - axios
musk debuts grok 3 chatbot as openai battle heats up  axiosmusk’s xai releases artificial intelligence model grok 3, claims better performance than rivals in early testing  cnbcgrok 3 launch time, live demo details: elon musk says xai’s grok 3 chatbot to be unveiled on tuesday  the indian expressmusk says xai’s grok 3 chatbot will be released monday  yahoo financeelon musk says grok 3 in final stages, outperforming all chatbots  reuters
02/17/2025    fox sports:college football
cam ward has a message for nfl teams: 'if you don't draft me, that's your fault'
cam ward, who could be an early draft pick, says not playing in the second half of miami's bowl game was a predetermined decision and that he'd do it the same way again.
02/17/2025    fox sports:college football
lil wayne defends jordan love, talks lakers' championship on 'first things first'
rapper lil wayne talked about packers quarterbacks of past and present, among other topics, while guest hosting "first things first" on monday.
02/17/2025    fox sports:college football
2025 mlb free-agent signing tracker, trades: d-backs extend ss geraldo perdomo
mlb free agency is here! here are the latest notable signings, trades and the top remaining free agents across the league.
02/17/2025    espn college sports
gators hire marquette's theis as volleyball coach
florida hired ryan theis as its women's volleyball coach monday to succeed mary wise, who retired earlier this month.
02/17/2025    espn college sports
college baseball week 1: top 25 rankings, play of the week and what to watch
here's how the top 25 looks after college baseball's first weekend of 2025, plus what to watch this week.
02/15/2025    espn college sports
nebraska play-by-play voice sharpe dies at 61
greg sharpe, the play-by-play voice for nebraska football since 2007, has died of cancer at age 61.













  more sports
 





 










provided by one world telecommunications, inc.		














