



national commission on terrorist attacks upon the united states






this web site was frozen on september 20, 2004 at 12:00 am, edt. it is now a federal record managed on behalf of the national archives and records administration. external links were active as of that date and time. for technical issues, contact https://library.unt.edu/government-information/.









































about the commission |
		      				report |
							hearings |
      						staff statements |
							press | 
			    		  	archive |
							for families

the national commission on terrorist attacks upon the united states (also known as the 9-11 commission), an independent, bipartisan commission created by congressional legislation and the signature of president george w. bush in late 2002, is chartered to prepare a full and complete account of the circumstances surrounding the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, including preparedness for and the immediate response to the attacks. the commission is also mandated to provide recommendations designed to guard against future attacks.
						            			
						on july 22, 2004 the commission released its public report, which is available for download from this site.  the report is also available in bookstores nationwide and from the government printing office.
						
						on august 21, 2004 the commission released two staff monographs, available for download along with other staff statements on this site.
						
						the ten members of the 9-11 commission announce the creation of the 9/11 public discourse project.
						
						the commission closed on august 21, 2004.

			             









current news


			the commission has released its final report. [more]
			
			the chair and vice chair have released a statement regarding the commission's closing. [more]
			
			the commission closed august 21, 2004. [more]
			
			
commission members

thomas h. kean
chair
lee h. hamilton
vice chair
richard ben-veniste
fred f. fielding
jamie s. gorelick
slade gorton
bob kerrey
john f. lehman
timothy j. roemer
james r. thompson

commission staff

philip d. zelikow
executive director
chris kojm
deputy executive director
daniel marcus
general counsel











national commission on terrorist attacks upon the united states
			the commission closed on august 21, 2004. this site is archived.
  





