  clogwild gambling - go wild with igaming fun for all       skip to the content clogwild gamblinggo wild with igaming fun for all  toggle the mobile menu   toggle the search field homecasinosports betting  searchhomecasinosports betting    over/under bets in detail for online punters in nzby vernon mooreon march 9, 2024in sports bettingif you are familiar with online sports betting, you have probably heard of over/under bets. this type of betting is also referred to as totals betting or just totals. for punters just starting out, it can be difficult to keep track of the various types of bets and what they mean. the good news is that most of the bets are self-explanatory and can be easily distinguished by looking at the numbers themselves. in the notes below, we are going to take a look at how over/under bets work and how to apply them to online betting in new zealand.read more   frankenstein touch online slot detailsby vernon mooreon july 16, 2023in casinoeveryone, young and old, in the united states will know the story of frankenstein. there have been numerous movies made about him and several stories written, including the original, and net entertainment’s new touch game brings this strange freakish story to life.read more   mermaid queen slot summarized onlineby vernon mooreon july 16, 2023in casinomermaid queen is a five reel online slot by realtime gaming that features a progressive jackpot as well as a wild symbol and free spins. it has a big wagering margin from 0.1 all the way up to 5 for coin values, and all of the twenty five lines are optional. this will appeal to players of lower budgets as they can spin for as little as one cent or as much as 125 for all of the lines. mermaid queen has a number of special features, such as a wild symbol, a scatter symbol that launches free spins and a progressive jackpot.read more   an exclusive review of star trek slotby vernon mooreon july 16, 2023in casinogene roddenberry created one of the largest television entertainment franchises in the world when he created star trek. a mass following and great popularity led to a number of films including the 2009 film featuring captain kirk and mr spock in an alternate timeline.read more   strategy described for online blackjack casino gamblersby vernon mooreon july 16, 2023in casinoblackjack is a popular casino game, whether it is played online or in a land-based casino.  having a basic blackjack strategy explained is very important to all players and will help them gain confidence in playing the game as well as have a basic strategy when playing.read more   experience gambling at secure online casino!by vernon mooreon july 16, 2023in casinomany people who enjoy the frisson of excitement generated by games of chance but don’t enjoy risking real money have discovered free online casinos with delight. free casinos do not allow play with real money; players are instead issued with credits to bet, and wins are paid out in more credits. so a big jackpot win in a free online casino translates not into cash money, but rather it will provide hours more free play, with the chance to rack up more credits. these also have their uses. many free casinos offer sweepstakes draws and other rewards; but to become eligible for these, players must amass a specific number of credits.read more   the wish master features a genie and a golden lampby vernon mooreon march 27, 2023in casinothe wish master slots game gives players the chance to make all their wishes come true, every time they hit spin. the game features the exciting wish master feature, which has a genie escaping from its bottle whenever a scatter appears.read more   the most popular types of poker worth playingby vernon mooreon march 27, 2023in casinopoker is currently the world’s most popular card game, beating out others like blackjack by a huge margin. with an ancient history, plenty of types to choose from, and a thriving playing industry that can be found throughout the globe, poker remains a solid choice for those that want to start playing more casino games and hopefully earn extra cash on the side.read more   yggdrasil online slot explained for mobile casino playersby vernon mooreon october 12, 2022in casinoyggdrasil slot is not by the developer of the same name, but is in fact by genesis software. yggdrasil was the norse mythology tree of life, and centre to their religion and beliefs. yggdrasil slot has a norse theme that plays out over twenty five fixed paylines. yggdrasil slot is an all ways pays slot, which means that symbols do not have to run from left to right to pay out. each line can be played for between one and ten coins, and each coin can value from 0.01 up to 1. yggdrasil slot is an affordable slot with a good wagering margin that will appeal to beginners.read more   medusa online slot described for casino gamersby vernon mooreon october 12, 2022in casinotaken from greek mythology, medusa can be described as a winged human with venomous snakes for hair.  legend has it that anyone who looked at her face would be turned to stone.  powered by nextgen medusa has 5 reels and 25 paylines.  set against the ancient greek acropolis medusa features good quality graphics and a great soundtrack.read morepage 1 of 6next  search  over/under bets in detail for online punters in nzmarch 9, 2024   frankenstein touch online slot detailsjuly 16, 2023   mermaid queen slot summarized onlinejuly 16, 2023   an exclusive review of star trek slotjuly 16, 2023   strategy described for online blackjack casino gamblersjuly 16, 2023 more epic casino & sports betting sites we recommend:play the very best online pokies australia has on offer – enjoy free pokies, real money pokies and progressive jackpots, and you can even play other table games too!love to punt? enjoy the best aussie sports betting odds and tips all in one place with australia’s leading online betting comparison site: ausbet.get in on the best melbourne cup betting action at these leading aussie bookies bringing you the best tips, form guides and odds for all the ponies racing in the melbourne cup this year!every kiwi is looking for the best odds when sports betting online – you don’t have to look any further than this world class comparison site.play real money pokies or try out some free slots online at online pokies nz, the leading curator of online pokies guides and strategies for new zealand casino players.copyright clogwild gambling 2025  
