





gibbscam home
















































home

products

go milling
go turning
go mtm
go swiss
go 5-axis
go wire edm
add-on options
latest release - what’s new



why gibbscam?

whitepapers
why choose gibbscam?
customer stories
partners
videos
datasheets
gibbscam maintenance



news and events

news
events
webinars



contact us

contact us
reseller finder
support
careers



shop

products
customer account



 english

deutschespañolfrançaisitalianoportuguêsעִבְרִית日本語한국어简体中文
























secure your competitiveness- now and in the future
with the cnc programming software gibbscam!


a customer shows how it's done





simple, fast, versatile, sustainable and reliable
program all your cutting machines with just one software solution - from simple automatic lathes to complex, multi-channel turn-mill centers and sliding headstock lathes. gibbscam pays off! with us…

increase your productivity
maximize your profit
secure your future





gibbscam copilotintegrated ai support


gibbscam copilot







is your machinery doing the job?
many companies today invest in high-quality, complex machines. the problem is that programming them to reach their full potential is out of reach, and the company can't remain globally competitive.
a flexible cam software is especially critical if you manufacture geometrically-demanding parts in medium to high quantities, or multi-channel mill-turn centers (multi-task machines, mtm) or sliding headstock lathes. you need a solution that fully masters the complexity of the machine and grows with your requirements.
gibbscam has the necessary know-how to provide a powerful cnc solution that is easy for everyone to use, and empowers machines to manufacture even the most complicated parts quickly, precisely and reliably.

 see what is possible with gibbscam





the gibbscam advantages



use our know-how

we have over 30 years' experience in the development of cam systems for machining.
we are a full-service provider.
we provide professional training online, on-site and in our training centers.
we offer comprehensive support - from analysis and implementation through to post-processor development.
we are part of the sandvik group.



produce efficiently, precisely and safely

with gibbscam you achieve a 75% faster programming speed.
software is easy to learn and intuitive to use.
allows precise machine simulation for the most complex machines.
offers toolpath simulation with collision detection.
interoperability with all common cad systems.



get your machinery up to speed

one software solution covers all your metal-cutting machines.
gibbscam supports an unlimited number of axes with any axis orientation multi-task machining (mtm), and primeturning™.
you have a proven, error-free library of over 10,000 post-processors at your disposal.
our software has a modular structure and can be expanded as required.







that's why gibbscam pays off!



increase productivity - gibbscam is easy to learn and intuitive to use for everyone in your organization. fast programming for experienced programmers and quick learning for new users, which results up to 75% faster programming speed. gibbscam allows you to exploit the full potential of your machine.





maximize profits - thanks to features such as high-speed machining strategies, precise machine simulation for the most complex machines and toolpath simulation with collision detection, gibbscam enables you to achieve greater efficiency, accuracy and reliability in part production. this saves valuable time for testing and checking programs. your cycle times are reduced, your scrap is minimized, you can deliver more parts, and generate more sales.





be future-proof - with the ever-increasing irregularity and complexity of machinery, the demands on programmers and users are also increasing. with gibbscam, you are able to program all your cutting machines with just one software solution - regardless of the machine manufacturer, from simple to complex, today and in the future. gibbscam simply grows with you by expanding its functionality as required.







partnering with machine vendors
from citizen, dmg mori and index to mazak, star, tornos and willemin, we support all leading machine tool manufacturers. whether lathes, milling machines, turn-mill centers, multi-spindle machines, complex multi-channel machining centers or sliding headstock lathes, with gibbscam you can program any cnc machine. detailed information can be found in the list of our machine partners.






gibbscam product and technology information can be found here:



go milling



go turning



go mtm



go swiss



go 5-axis



go wire edm








find out more about how you can program your multi-channel turn-mill centers efficiently, shorten cycle times, improve part quality and increase profitability.
download e-book now







customer stories





gibbscam as a troubleshooter at capristo automotive
capristo automotive has set itself the goal of enhancing luxury sports cars with high-quality accessories and making them even more unique. gibbscam was brought on board when the cam programming of an index g400 yb could not be managed with the existing cam software.



fast learning for fast earning: maine college shortens training to nine months with gibbscam
northern maine community college (nmcc) has implemented a curriculum that equips students with cnc programming skills using gibbscam software, allowing students to earn certification within 9 months and achieve a 100% employment rate.



mut-tschamber transforms manufacturing efficiency with primeturning™ and gibbscam
mut-tschamber, a mechanical engineering company in germany, has implemented sandvik coromant's primeturning™ technology and gibbscam nc programming solution to achieve higher throughput and productivity.




view all gibbscam customer stories





i wholeheartedly recommend gibbscam to anyone investing in multi-channel turn-mill centers or upgrading their current software. thanks to gibbscam, we are more efficient and can produce parts that we could never produce before.
- joe lah, general manager, slice mfg. studios, akron, ohio, usa




request a free trialversion of gibbscam



comments

first name* (*required)



last name*



email*



phone*



company*



town/city*



country*
please choose



state/province/county*


postal/zip code*




how did you hear about us?

please choose
trade show or event
website
search engine
social media
advert
other



note





by completing this form, i agree to the terms and privacy policy.




please send follow-up communications from gibbscam. i understand that i can opt out at any time.









terms and conditions | privacy policysubmit
leave this field empty










contact uscustomer supportnewsletter







connect with us:



 




privacy policycookie settingscookie detailsterms and conditionssustainabilitysitemap 




copyright © 2025 | gibbscam | all rights reserved
















arrow_upward



