















plymouth, ma | official website









  















skip to main content

























 












search







 
 
 


    government      departments      residents      business      visitors      how do i  


 

 

 

 

 

 





 










     





 
 
 

 















 






  
 
 












 














agendas & minutes








career opportunities










 
 














pay bills & fees online








properties & permits










 
 














report a concern








stay informed










 
 
 



 














news








calendar








visitors








spotlight








contact










 
 
 

























 







news & updates







what’s happening in plymouth
 






  
 














enhanced transparency: plymouth police to deploy body cameras 


the plymouth police department is excited to launch its body camera program in the coming weeks.						read on...







healey-driscoll administration announces funds for new senior affordable housing in plymouth 


yesterday, the healey-driscoll administration visited plymouth to announce that the town is one of several locations selected to receive low-income housing tax credits and subsidies for a new senior affordable housing project.						read on...







bird flu updates & current removal totals for the week of february 5th to february 11th 


the town has been regularly meeting with state officials and will provide weekly updates, with urgent notifications as needed. animal control will continue to remove deceased birds and state officials will assist with mass accumulations of 50 or more.						read on...







plymouth master plan: visioning survey 


read on...







recycling committee 


read on...







updates & current removal totals for tuesday, february 4, 2025 


the town continues to regularly meet with state officials and will provide weekly updates unless urgent circumstances require earlier communication. today, state officials removed 30 deceased birds from long beach and an additional 5 from billington sea.						read on...







state officials suspect hpai outbreak impacting geese and other wildlife 


state environmental and health officials are informing the public that highly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai), which very rarely infects humans, is suspected to be the cause of over 60 deceased canada geese, swans, and other birds in plymouth.						read on...







harbor boardwalk construction 


demolition and reconstruction of the wooden walkway adjacent to the town boat ramp along plymouth harbor (near lobster hut) will begin on monday, january 27th.						read on...







introducing issue 2! 


we’re excited to start the new year with the second issue of our quarterly magazine, plymouth: on the move!						read on...







pilgrim1600 acre area planning process 


the town of plymouth is excited to announce the beginning of the pilgrim1600 acre area planning process!						read on...







2025 dog tags now available! 


get your pup a dog tag for the holiday season. purchase online, by mail or at town hall!			additional info...







plymouth's public health division announces new sharps disposal program 


beginning december 2, 2024, plymouth’s public health division, partnering with the plymouth fire department, implemented a new community sharps disposal program/service.						read on...







select board fy25 goals & priorities 


additional info...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 







meetings & events calendar







mark your calendar
 






  
 
 





 meetings
 events




 meetings











february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18  

select board executive session

select board executive sessionread on


tue, feb. 18  

select board 

select board read on


wed, feb. 19  

affordable housing trust

affordable housing trustread on






wed, feb. 19  

board of health

board of healthread on


wed, feb. 19  

cedarville steering committee

cedarville steering committeeread on


wed, feb. 19  

precinct 12

precinct 12read on





view all meetings




/calendar.aspx





 events














see plymouthofficial tourism websiteevents calendar














 
 
 







 







visitors







see what plymouth has to offer
 






  
 
 














things to dolearn more








outdoors & adventurelearn more










 
 














history, museums & monumentslearn more








where to parklearn more










 
 
 



 







town videos







discover videos produced by the local seen
 






  
 
 














   this week in plymouth is hitting the road to connect with the community and highlight exciting stories and initiatives happening throughout town! in the first episode of this week in plymouth: on the road, we’re excited to announce the plymouth police department’s new body camera program, set to launch in just a few weeks. 
 




   in this special edition of this week in plymouth, the town's public health director, karen keane and communications coordinator, casey kennedy hosted a live virtual zoom to discuss and provide timely and updated information regarding bird flu. 
 




   plymouth town manager, derek brindisi talks with roxanne whitbeck, director of veterans services for the town of plymouth and joe goldberg, facility/event director at memorial hall. 
 






  
 
 



 







spotlight







trending projects and highlights
 






  
 
 














solid waste & recyclinglearn how you can properly dispose of your trash and recycling. get information about the manomet transfer station and how to get a permit pass.








center for active livinglearn more about the wide range of programs and services the cal offers that foster a healthy and vital lifestyle throughout the aging process. 










 
 














recreation programsview the recreation department's website, for up-to-date information about the town's recreation programs for all ages. 








town meeting informationlearn about plymouth's representative town meeting form of government, all in one place. discover why it matters to be informed of the issues in our community.










 
 
 



 



  













 






  

  
 









     





 
 







contact us







town of plymouth26 court street plymouth, ma 02360 phone: 508-747-1620
 






  





town hall hours







monday, wednesday, thursday7:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. tuesday7:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. friday7:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
 






  
 







quick links







public meetings calendar



public records requests



service requests



town staff directory



website feedback



website photo credits









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









