


baghdad girl
























    
	baghdad girl
	
  
blogging since 2004







thursday, october 23, 2014



	 
	 the last post & the goodbye
	 
    




i started this blog years ago, when my heart was pure and my pain was little, a time when i didn't really understand how ugly the war can be. the blog was supposed to be the true voice of iraqis to the outside world, it was supposed to tell the truth that was never revealed by the media, and i hope the blog has done all that, i hope you all understand now that the war was unfair and its consequences were inhuman.

too much has happened over the years and i saw too many people get hurt, we now live in a world where people are competing whose pain is greater. my feelings are no longer important compared to those who suffer more than i do, my writings don't give them justice and don't give me any satisfaction anymore.
this will be the last post i write to you, my friends. i give up, i can not make the difference that i wished to make and i only hope that my silence will do better than my words.

remember me with love, i love you all.




posted by raghda @ 12:21 pm  
    	
         14 comments






thursday, august 29, 2013



	 
	 whats left to bomb?
	 
    






 

every time things go awfully bad in iraq, i say "its the end, cant get any worse" but it does.  we have been receiving news of extreme baghdad bombing for the past two days. i read my friends' (who still live in baghdad) comments on facebook and i just cant believe what is happening.  some monsters keep exploding coffee shops full of young iraqi guys, iraqi youth!

if only we could bring a huge plane and get all the innocent people left in iraq on board and take them to safety, and let the monsters, whoever they are, destroy what's left of iraq. if the monsters are gone, we can build iraq somewhere else. if we cant save the land then lets at least save the people!

iraqi land is precious ok! but the lives of the innocents are just priceless...﻿





posted by raghda @ 5:36 am  
    	
         2 comments






monday, august 27, 2007



	 
	 my memories are fading away...
	 
    




"i wish there is some thing i can do". this sentence i have been repeating a lot these days. every time i ask about the situation in iraq i become angry and sad because there is nothing i can do. i wish some one can tell me what can i do to save what is left in iraq. 



i have left my house, my room and my cats that i know nothing about any more. when we left we didn't take every thing in the house with us because it is impossible, that house and every thing in it is a treasure, it was built 35 years ago, and now it is going to be looted just because it is empty and there is no one to protect it.

some members the guards are checking every house in hay al-jamia, where my house is, these days. do you know what will they do if they find an empty one?? they close the roads leading to it, bring a lorry and loot every thing in that house. that is what about to happen to my house and it's 35 years of memories.



if the people who suppose to protect the country, are the ones who are destroying it. what future does iraq still have???





raghda









posted by raghda @ 5:16 am  
    	
         65 comments






tuesday, july 31, 2007



	 
	 i am proud
	 
    


 hey,i just got back from syria three days ago.i spent the most wonderful week among my relatives and family, i felt that i am in iraq.i saw many nice places and had so much fun with najma and hnk.i cried a little when i said good bye but i am fine now, at least i had the chance to see them. i watched all the iraqi football games and felt so proud when we won asia cup.i saw the iraqis celebrate in syria and dubai, i never thought that i'll see them happy again.the iraqi football brought us back to life.i want to say congratulations to our champions, and i wish you, our brave iraqi football team, the best luck. raghda zaid



posted by raghda @ 12:10 pm  
    	
         14 comments






saturday, december 30, 2006



	 
	 what an eid!!
	 
    


today is the first day of eid, the day which used to be the happiest to me for years till the war started and there were almost no eids any more, but this eid was the saddest, i waked up at 9 am and was shocked when i knew that saddam hussein has been executed at 6 am on the first day of eid, what is this? couldn’t they wait for a few days till the eid ends, i know that saddam has done some questionable things but he was the president of iraq for 35 years, the man who could make life in iraq possible and he shouldn't be treated like this.

i left iraq to keep my self form getting hurt but it seems that it is not working because i am still hurting deep in side...

sorry for the sad post but i had to say some thing about saddam's execution, but even so i wont forget to say happy eid.


yours,
raghda



posted by raghda @ 8:37 am  
    	
         27 comments






friday, july 14, 2006



	 
	 in the uae
	 
    


hello friends,i am  sorry for taking long time to make my new post.the uae is a very nice country, we went to many malls and i liked it all, i miss baghdad and my cats but i have to move on and i hope that i'll return home one day.i am staying in my uncle and aunt rose's apartment and i'll move with my mom and brother kais to our new apartment on tusday i think.today we're going to my favorite mall sahara mall we'll watch a movie in a cinema for the first time in my life, i actually saw many things here in dubai for the first time in my life. last week i made a written interview for the bbc but in arabic, i'll let you know when it is released.well i've got to go now, thanks for the beautiful commentsbyeraghda



posted by raghda @ 2:47 am  
    	
         19 comments






wednesday, june 28, 2006



	 
	 leaving iraq
	 
    


dear friends,i finaly finished my exams and i think i did very well, the final marks will be released after two weeks or so, with all that the situation in iraq is very bad and it keep getting worse with every new day, it made my parents decide to leave iraq heading to the uae, and to keep my self from getting hurt i have to leave my country, my family, my friends, and my cats, all i can do now is hope that i'll be able to return back to iraq one day and that things will be different from what it is now.but i promise that i'll never stop blogging no matter where i am.yours,raghda.



posted by raghda @ 8:11 am  
    	
         36 comments






thursday, december 15, 2005



	 
	 a good day in iraq
	 
    


today the weather was very nice, no cars and no bombs, it was a great day for a walk so my parents went to vote, and they said that the streets were full of people. so many iraqis went to the voting centers(not like the last elections). well i don't have anything else to say since i didn't go with them, but i saw it was a good day in iraq and that was a thing we haven't seen for a long time..best wishesyoursraghda



posted by raghda @ 5:12 am  
    	
         27 comments






friday, august 26, 2005



	 
	 we are living in hell
	 
    


hello,it has been along time since i posted my last subject, the situation here do not help to write at all, the temperature is very high, no electricity, we have only 4 hours of electrical power in the 24 hours of the day, no security, no water, no peace and there are always explosions and bombcars, as an example, four days ago a big explosion happened near my house, it was done by abombcar, this bombcar cost people life's, broke windows, and brought fear.our windows were broken and so are windows of most houses in the neighborhood but thanks to god we are all fine but who knows in the next time we may get hurt, after the explosion we cleaned the broken windows so no one get hurt from it and so did our neighbors and some of them were out side wondering what happened, we were expecting that the american soldiers will search our house and the other houses in the neighborhood, but they didn't and that is weird because this is not the first explosion happened here, any way tings went back to normal few hours later but people died, two of those who died were children about 10 years of age and they use to bring us fuel for our electrical generator...stay saferaghda



posted by raghda @ 5:18 am  
    	
         72 comments






saturday, january 22, 2005



	 
	 life in baghdad these days
	 
    


about the situation in baghdad, well, it is not good, the election time is becoming close, all the iraqi people are getting ready for what will happen in, and after the election, we expect bombs, explosions, and killing. people in baghdad are afraid to go to the election centers, some of the terrorist groups threaten that they will kill any one participate in these election, even the candidates didn't put there names, only there parties and the parties leaders names were released.the security something we all miss, even the americans solders have no security, they have a sign on there vehicles saying "keep 100m distance or you will be shot", imagine you are driving in a crowded road and an american patrol want to use this road, where will you go and how to keep the 100m distance, this is the reason that all our roads are almost in stand still state.if any driver wasn't able of keeping the distance he will be shot. and if these patrols want to clear the road for them they don't use horn or silence, but they use their guns.     raghda



posted by raghda @ 10:27 am  
    	
         20 comments










mimi my cat and i hope she will stay safe 



posted by raghda @ 6:50 am  
    	
         10 comments










soda in a big picture 



posted by raghda @ 6:41 am  
    	
         8 comments










happy news: i rememper that i have took some pictures for my lost cat soda and i fond it. this is picture for the lost cat and her mother bushbush if you remember her.          



posted by raghda @ 5:19 am  
    	
         7 comments






sunday, august 08, 2004




this is waterfall in the north of iraq, i took this picture from my last trip to the north, this waterfall name is bekhal. 



posted by raghda @ 9:27 am  
    	
         6 comments






thursday, july 15, 2004



	 
	 beautiful day
	 
    


one day i opened my eyes and i saw light of the sun in the north of iraq it was a beautiful morning, mom said let's go to the mountain and waterfall and have some fun so that we went(dad, mom, my brother and me) to the waterfall and we played and ate food, in afternoon we went back to our home. *it was a beautiful picnic in the north of iraq*                                               raghda



posted by raghda @ 1:29 am  
    	
         2 comments















about me

name:  raghda 

my name is raghda. i was born in baghdad and i lived through the 2003 invasion of iraq, an experience that changed me profoundly. i started this blog in 2004 and the last post was published in 2014. i was featured in the los angeles times, the guardian and the national public radio (npr).
due to copyright concerns, i have removed most of the posts, as the cat pictures originally used were not my own.

view my complete profile



previous posts

the last post & the goodbye
whats left to bomb?
my memories are fading away...
i am proud
what an eid!!
in the uae
leaving iraq
a good day in iraq
we are living in hell
life in baghdad these days

archives

july 2004
august 2004
january 2005
august 2005
december 2005
june 2006
july 2006
december 2006
july 2007
august 2007
august 2013
october 2014

mentions and interviews

los angeles times
the guardian
npr
the daily dot



subscribe toposts [atom]




 



 




