



  










god's love - our witness - issues of interest to gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered christians















































↓ 






god's love – our witness
 issues of interest to gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered christians











home
menu ↓

skip to primary content
skip to secondary content

home
biblical perspectives
family
about

write to us
sitemap


faq

general questions
terms and definitions


contact
  
 

home 

page 1 of 212»







post navigation
← older posts




 jesus and porn

 



posted on may 13, 2017  by  jeff northdecember 10, 2022
 

reply 

 

on our glowfriends support list,1 rick wrote: i really need help right now in my life. i am addicted  to porn. i can’t seem to stop looking at it. it has gotten bad,  really bad,  because i would never look at gay porn on sunday. yesterday (sunday) i looked at gay  porn and i also … continue reading –>




posted in dealing with ssa, relating to god 
 | 

tagged grace, porn 
 | 
leave a reply





 i waited patiently . . . ps. 40

 



posted on april 20, 2017  by  john r waldennovember 19, 2022
 

reply 

 
as the  third of eight children, four boys and four girls, i was always very shy. and being less than a year younger than my elder brother, always hid behind him and actually looked to him to ‘protect’ me. at the same time, i wanted him to leave me alone. i remember that september morning … continue reading –>




posted in dealing with ssa, gay orientation, practical living 
 | 

tagged catholic, testimony 
 | 
leave a reply





 calling sin by its right name

 



posted on february 25, 2014  by  inge andersonfebruary 2, 2024
 

3 

 
conscientious christians frequently remind us that we are “to call sin by its right name.” 1 so i shall try to make an effort to “call sin by its right name” in this post. first of all, it seems to me, we need to define sin. we all recognize the classic definition that “sin is the … continue reading –>




posted in biblical, pastoral 
 | 

tagged correction, judging, sexual sins, sin 
 | 
3 replies





 gay christian – an oxymoron?

 



posted on february 10, 2013  by  inge andersonfebruary 2, 2024
 

18 

 
“how can one be gay and call oneself a christian?” these words bring back memories of the time when i thought that “gay christian” was an oxymoron. since then i, a conservative christian who believes that sexual activity was designed by god as a special bond and procreative act within heterosexual marriage, have gained some … continue reading –>




posted in biblical, dealing with ssa, gay orientation 
 | 

tagged homosexual, judging, morality, sexual orientation, sin, terms 
 | 
18 replies





 fear has a passkey

 



posted on february 5, 2013  by  ralph selanddecember 10, 2022
 

3 

 
when i was the caretaker of an apartment complex, i got a work order to change locks on a tenant’s door. apparently someone had a key that was fitting the lock on her apartment. no problem. i changed the lock. a couple of days later i was asked to put a second dead bolt on … continue reading –>




tagged acceptance, fear, rejection 
 | 
3 replies





 bisexual – somewhere in the middle

 



posted on january 31, 2013  by  ralph selanddecember 10, 2022
 

2 

 
although most men identify themselves as straight, some will say that they are gay, and there are a others who would rather be called “bi.” i have trouble with these labels, for i am not sure whether a person is talking about orientation or actions. instead of representing human sexuality as three separate boxes, i … continue reading –>




tagged bi-straight marriage, bisexual, gay, heterosexual, homosexual, homosexuality, homosexuality and marriage, marriage, orientation 
 | 
2 replies





 are you gay?

 



posted on august 20, 2012  by  inge andersonfebruary 2, 2024
 

1 

 
as a christian, how do you answer that question? being same-sex attracted, tim felt that he was “gay.” so when andrew asked him, “are you gay,” he got that deer-caught-in-the-headlights look, which was a give-away even without the “yes” that followed. … continue reading –>




posted in coming out, dealing with ssa 
 | 

tagged being outed, closeted gay, coming out, confidentiality, gay, in the closet, privacy, same-sex attraction, sexual orientation, ssa, terminology 
 | 
1 reply





 his take: the bible really does condemn homosexuality

 



posted on may 21, 2011  by  inge andersonfebruary 2, 2024
 

 
i wouldn’t expect to see an uncompromising statement regarding the bible’s condemnation of homosexual sex featured prominently on cnn. com. but on march 3, 2011, that’s exactly what happened. while we may not agree 100% with all of what dr. gagnon writes, he makes some thought-provoking statements. what do you think? my take: the bible … continue reading –>




posted in biblical, gay orientation 
 | 

tagged david and jonathan, genesis, homosexuality, male-female relations, paul, polygamy, same-sex sex, slavery 





 can we depend on media reports?

 



posted on february 27, 2011  by  ralph selanddecember 10, 2022
 

reply 

 
gay marriage has been accepted in canada since july, 2005. from media reports, one would think that probably ten or fifteen percent of marriages in canada were between people of the same sex. statistics canada (2006) listed six out of a thousand marriages as being between same sex couples. that is just over one-half of … continue reading –>




tagged bisexual, gay marriage, same-sex couples, social media, statistics 
 | 
leave a reply





 sins of sodom

 



posted on october 16, 2010  by  inge andersonfebruary 2, 2024
 

reply 

 
many christians believe that homosexuality is the worst of sins because, after all, god destroyed sodom for it, didn’t he? but does the bible really say this? for the sake of completeness, i have done a digital search of the bible for all references to sodom. i haven’t copied them all in this post because … continue reading –>




posted in biblical, gay orientation 
 | 

tagged gomorrah, homosexual rape, hospitality, judging, sodom, sodomite, treatment of strangers 
 | 
leave a reply




post navigation
← older posts




 
tagsacceptance
bisexual
catholic
cause of homosexuality
closeted gay
coming out
confidentiality
correction
dialogue
email
fear
gay
grace
homosexual
homosexuality
in the closet
judging
love
marriage
moral
morality
porn
privacy
rejection
same-sex-attracted christian
same-sex sex
sex
sexual orientation
sexual sins
sin
slavery
social conventions
social media
sodom
sodomite
ssa
statistics
submit article
support list
terminology
terms
testimony
treatment of strangers
twin studies
understanding
 





search for:


8253133986recent commentsjohn on gay christian – an oxymoron?may on calling sin by its right nameinge anderson on how to comment on a postinge anderson on calling sin by its right namemisty on did god make me gay?misty on did god make me gay?marie on calling sin by its right namewilliam on did god make me gay?hyeon on love  the sinner, hate the sin?stephen john on is homosexuality a sin?elsie jackson on how to comment on a postgreg cox on love  the sinner, hate the sin?

recent posts


jesus and porn


i waited patiently . . . ps. 40


calling sin by its right name


gay christian – an oxymoron?


fear has a passkey


bisexual – somewhere in the middle


are you gay?


his take: the bible really does condemn homosexuality


can we depend on media reports?


sins of sodom


is homosexuality a sin?


masks


blogroll

afterthoughts on a whirlwind journey
club unicorn: in which i come out of the closet on our ten year anniversary
glowcircle – fostering understanding of christian glbt issues among family & friends
new direction ministries
buggin' out!
wandering thoughts of a broken man
signs of a struggle
gladventist – good news for gay adventists
adventures of a christian collegian
as were some of you


categories

about

biblical

biological causes

coming out

contribute

dealing with ssa

environmental causes

gay orientation

orientation change

pastoral

philosophy

practical living

relating to god


archives archives

select month
 may 2017 
 april 2017 
 february 2014 
 february 2013 
 january 2013 
 august 2012 
 may 2011 
 february 2011 
 october 2010 
 july 2010 
 may 2010 
 april 2010 


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 







glow.cc is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program and abebooks affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. 
contents copyright by glow.cc and the individual authors.  





↑



 


