






imtec, a division of park dental research








































































home 
products & solutions
doctor portal 

account login / register
faqs / support
imtec mdi training courses


contact info.


															shop
														





imtec mdi systems


 shop imtec sdi



conventional implants


 conventional implants



narrow ridge implants


 nri implants



gtr/gbr systems


 gtr/gbr systems






















order by phone:
(844) 683-2634





















imtec corporation pioneered the advancement of dental implant solutions over two decades ago, complementing traditional implant therapy with innovative options. our expertise extends across all types of implants, from conventional to our renowned mini dental implants (mdi). the imtec mdi has set a global standard for denture stabilization, offering a minimally invasive solution that provides patients with a reliable and comfortable implant-retained overdenture. we are committed to delivering comprehensive implant options that meet the diverse needs of our customers. imtec started as a mini implants company that quickly progressed to an implant company that produced conventional implants compatible with both zimmer (tm) and nobel (tm) connections and other innovative implants products.



 






















the complete system


imtec mdi system

through ongoing research, we have developed a wide range of dental products currently in use by clinicians throughout the world.
our commitment at imtec is to provide the dental professions with state of the art, cost effective dental implants and associated products, coupled with competent, reliable customer service. they stand ready to serve you at all times.
shop imtec mdi system









customer support
need assistance?
we’re very excited to have you on board and are eager to assist in any way we can.visit our online support portal to lear nmore



online ordering made easy
safe, fast & convenient
order imtec mdi  through our stress-free, no-fee, e-commerce hub at park dental research. all the perks of online ordering without the overwhelm. 



mdi training courses
icoi approved curriculum
we are committed to professional training for beginners through advanced clinicians. sign up to our  icoi approved curriculum training courses.








park dental research 
park dental research  began as a dental implant company established to develop, manufacture, and market high quality devices. through the use of 3d technology, we continue to raise the bar by providing products and solutions to dental professionals across multiple specialties.



customer service info.


customer support


delivery information


product returns


privacy policy


terms & conditions




contact info.


mon - fri: 8:00am - 5:00pm ct


2401 north commerce, suite e,
              ardmore ok 73401, usa


(800) 243-7372


info@parkdentalresearch.com




follow us







payment methods:









    

lew™, startanius™, starvent™, juell™, juell cure™, volo™, cog lock™, and park dental aligners™ are trademarks of park dental research corporation. orchestrate 3d™, and o3d™ are trademarks of orchestrate orthodontics technologies, llc. digiline™, digiglaze™, and park dental research are trademarks of pdr/orchestrate, llc. imtec is a registered trademark of imtec corporation. © 2023-2024 pdr/orchestrate, llc. all rights reserved.




 corporate info.
 careers





























×




 







