

nevada division of insurance








































quick links


self-insured workers' compensation
file a complaint
careers
about uscontact us
state of nevada links
sitemap









consumershealth insurance rateslicensinginsurerscaptive insurersself-insurednews & notices








before you can make the best decision, start with the right information about health insurance. check out: nv insurance 101learn morelicensing:apply for and maintain your producer licenselearn more2025 health insurance rates: approved health insurance  rates now available.learn morewebinar recording of the nov. 1 public forum on auto insurance rates is now available!view here!webex recording of the june 28th townhall on the impact of wildfire threat on insurance is now available!view here!





verify a licensebailacaadaemail sign upfile a complaintsearch by company, agency or agentremember to always verify with the nevada division of insurance that the person or company you are working with is licensed, certified or authorized to conduct business in this state. you can do this here or you can contact the division in northern nevada at (775) 687-0700 and in southern nevada at (702) 486-4009.verify a licenseproducer lists are now readily available to download by visiting the division's self-serve website. this page allows you to download lists by license or qualification types for producers and agencies.producer and company liststhe business of bail in nevadafrom licensing requirements to consumer information, find out what it takes to qualify for the different bail licenses, what nevada’s bail laws say, and general information about how bail works in nevada. learn morewhat is health care reform?on march 23, 2010, president obama signed the affordable care act (aca) also known as health care reform into law. the law puts in place a significant number of health insurance reforms that have rolled out over the last three years. some of the final and most notable changes of the law took effect on january 1, 2014.
one way to characterize the impact of the aca is to say that it makes insurance more accessible to you. there are a number of provisions throughout the law that help you afford coverage, as well as guarantee you access to insurance with a minimum level of benefits. view health insurance rates and plan documentslearn about health care reformhow health care reform affects your familyhow to purchase insurance for you & your familyhealth care reform and your businessregardless of the size of your business, it is likely that some of these new laws and regulations will affect your business in some way. we have information to help you navigate these challenges and opportunities so that you can make the best decisions for your business.us dol affordable care act guidanceirs q & a on employer mandateamericans with disabilities actthe division of human resource management's equal employment opportunity office (eeo) coordinates the state's various ada programs and resources, ensuring employees and citizens are referred to the right person.  ada is considered to be the first lawful affirmation for equal treatment of americans with mental and physical disabilities, the ada prohibits discrimination against people with disabilities in employment, government services, public accommodations, commercial facilities, education and other areas of society.learn more about the americans with disabilities actstay informed with the latest news and updates!file online or login to your existing complaint
we urge all consumers who are having trouble to first try to resolve any problems with their insurance company or agent. in the event such attempts are unsuccessful, we invite consumers to submit a formal complaint online using our customer portal. it's secure and easy. one of our staff members will be happy to act as a liaison, working with the consumer and their insurance company or agent to try and resolve the problem.file your complaint onlineproducer lists are now readily available to download by visiting the division's self-serve website. this page allows you to download lists by license or qualification types for producers and agencies.login to your existing complaintyou can print a copy of the complaint form and mail it to the nearest division of insurance office.learn more



news
view all



february 10, 2025 - nevada division of insurance seeking public input on essential health benefits


                            the nevada division of insurance (division) is seeking public input on revisions to nevada’s essential health benefits (ehb) plan. the ehb benchmark plan establishes the required set of healthcare services that all individual and small group health insurance plans must cover in the state.

read more



january 6, 2025 - nevada division of insurance recovers over $9.4 million for nevadans


the nevada division of insurance (division) is proud to announce that its consumer services section has recovered a total of $9,400,385.97 for nevada consumers during calendar year 2024.

read more







bulletins
view all




bulletin 24-002 - the division issues this bulletin to remind insurers that any mathematical model used in underwriting or rating of any personal line of property and/or casualty insurance, or other line of property and/or casualty insurance subject to regulation of rates pursuant to nrs 686b.030, must be filed with the division for prior approval pursuant to nrs 686b.110.




bulletin 24-001 - bulletin giving guidance to insurers on the handling of ai and ai systems during examinations.








meetings & hearings
view all





february 25, 2025

                                 - hearing - cortland hill, cause no. 24.0047
                            






february 28, 2025

                                 - hearing - sportsman's warehouse, inc., cause no. 23.0092
                            













consumershealth insurance rateshealthcare reformlicensingnews & noticesabout usself-insuredcontact uscareers



©2013 nevada division of insurance
site map
privacy policy

search









