








charlotte - just another wordpress site





































charlotte

search


primary menu
skip to content

contact
page index







search for:



 









news

purchasing video games are easy with these great suggestions

september 30, 2017 charlotte 


do you know somebody who likes to play with games? is that somebody yourself? well, i am positive that you’d love to find out more about the hobby that it could be enjoyable? whether you’re searching for assistance with entire strategy, your match play or another suggestion, you will find it all here.
be conscious of multiplayer functions. ensure you have, if you’re purchasing a game for its multiplayer. you could realize that you will want two copies of this game, if you anticipate playing against somebody in your home.
do not undervalue suppression fire’s strategy . if you’re playing on teams, then a excellent chance to sneak upon the enemy or at least to find a better position is given his teammates by having one player covering the area. working like this can enhance your wins.
to master game play in shooter video games, then learn your own weapons. know everything there is to learn about every weapon style and each from the sport. each weapon excels in certain manners, but falls short. you may use them when you understand the pluses and minuses of every weapon.
drink water rather than soda. too much pop will enable you to crash and burn off physically (let alone the huge calories). water keeps you hydrated and will force bathroom breaks to be taken by you – that of course can help you take those breaks .
walk away from it, if you become frustrated with a game. it is likely that your anger will probably find the best of you should you remain in the front of the display, and you won’t make any improvement. taking a break can allow you to clear your mind, and you’ll be able to return refreshed. free wizard of oz coins will reveal anything you want to know about wizard of oz slots.
save money on video games through auction websites or internet re-sellers. sites such as amazon or ebay provide a huge array of games. start looking for vendors that have a evaluation from buyers. this is a good way.
the very best times are during vacations. stores and platforms will hold sales or throughout the middle of summer where secondhand and fresh games will be offered at low prices. you can get matches for the price, should you make the most of those earnings.
drink plenty of water when you’re currently currently playing with with games to stay hydrated. video games can keep you out of fact, forcing one to forget to drink and eat. dehydration can be quite dangerous, so ensure that you stay hydrated while playing with your games.
for a less costly way to enjoy excellent video games, then look in “classic” games. these names are years (or even years) old, however they have been updated to run on modern consoles and computers. they are usually quite reasonably priced and usually precious. you’ll be sure that it has quality when a match stands the test of time.
look up the score, if you’re looking for games. some games aren’t fun at all they’re cheap. if you receive a game that you don’t ever play, you are not saving any moneywith. in regards to buying a sport the evaluations will assist you.
are you prepared to shoot your gambling hobby and turn it into something? all it requires is a little enthusiasm, practice and knowledge . now, start working at it and you will be a master right away! play on!





news

the best way to love your next camping trip

april 25, 2017 charlotte 


there’s nothing more enjoyable than camping. among the main items to think about when camping is where to create camp. not all camping areas are made equal, as well as the selection you make about your camping area could make your encounter either good or poor. here is a little guidance which will assist you to select a great camping place.
introduce yourselves to other families camping in your immediate region, as a way of being societal and much more inclined to help each other outside. if another crew arrives after you have set up, offer to help by using their tent or gear. if something goes awry during the excursion for anybody, it is much simpler to request assistance from somebody who was courteous enough to introduce themselves.
in the event that you are going camping together with your pets or kids, you must take several additional precautions. make an effort to educate your children the fundamentals of camping security. they must have the knowledge of how to proceed if they get lost and should each possess a modest survival kit. be sure you have leashes for just about any pets and ensure they can be current with all vaccinations.
before leaving on a camping trip, check the prediction for your own own destination. there are a lot of sites that could provide you a notion of exactly what the typical weather is similar to in the location through the time of your journey. these details can assist you better prepare for severe climate conditions. you can find more about why are bicycle tires flat in the winter by looking into best bike pump.
assess over your medical insurance before going on a camping trip. occasionally when you visit another location, youare going to need certainly to get yet another coverage to insure you. it’s a lot more crucial if you’re camping outside of your state. it’s crucial to be prepared in case there is crisis.
in the event that you are going to be camping someplace that’s really far far from culture, then ensure you have told several people where you’ll be as well as how long you’re meaning to remain. question them to phone you around the day you’re expected to go back to make certain your security.
hopefully after reading the information in this informative article, there is a clearer notion of where setting up your next camping place. don’t forget, where you opt setting up camp could possibly function as the variable that determines in case your trip is likely to be enjoyable or not, so select wisely and get ready for the encounter of an eternity.





home

handy advice to aid you in the kitchen

february 17, 2017 charlotte 



 are you jealous of the meals that other people fix and wonder how in the world they do it? this article has some great tips to help you have a magnificent presentation of your own.
when you are cooking food on skewers, there are some basic guidelines to know. if you are using metal skewers, the square or twisted kind are much better than round ones for holding food in place.
when preparing a meal for someone who is important such as a new date or your boss, you should cook something that you are really good at making. you can avoid stress by sticking to familiar recipes and food you enjoy. this will take the stress out of the cooking.
texture and taste don’t have to suffer when you are trying to lighten up your mashed potatoes. cauliflower makes for a great substitute to help drop the fat and calorie content. you will not even taste the cauliflower in with the potatoes, because it is so bland. when they’re mashed, cauliflowers have the same appearance and consistency as potatoes, too. adding a little cauliflower can take calories out of your favorite mashed potato recipes and add in a little vegetable goodness, too.
garlic, like lots of other foods, has the unfortunate characteristics of absorbing into your hands. to avoid the lingering, strong odor from working with odoriferous cooking ingredients, thoroughly rub you hands on the stainless steel surface of your kitchen sink. not only does this clean your hands, but it also prevents the odors from carrying over to whatever food items you make contact with next.
you can use this on other foods besides meat! add this savory seasoning to snack foods like chex mix, or use it to spice up your omelet. all your guests will be left wondering where the delightful flavor came from.
burgers cooked on the grill are delicious; however, many times they stick to your grill. to prevent this, brush the grill with a bit of vegetable oil to keep your foods from sticking.
when cooking pumpkins, stand them upright and cut them halfway down the middle. next, take each half and place them cut side down onto separate baking sheets. sprinkle a tiny bit of water on them and bake at 350 degrees for about an hour.
whenever you have a meal to cook, if you do your all your prep work ahead of time, it will be much less stressful and quicker. check recipes to find out what can be prepared ahead of time without risking spoilage. lots of prep work can be completed the day before cooking. this can make harder recipes easy, and complicated ones a fun, fast experience.
when you need to season your food, add your seasoning a little bit at a time instead of all at once. it is easier to add more seasoning to taste than to take some away, and you’ll more evenly divide your ingredients.
do not dress your guests’ salads. serve the dressing on the side and allow your guests to dress it to their liking. the amount dressing that people prefer on their salad varies so allow guests to add their own dressing. offer many different types of salad dressing as well.
mushrooms absorb large amounts of water, and this excess water will go into whatever you are cooking with. use a clean cloth to wipe them off.
dried tomatoes
dry your own tomatoes. start by cutting full-sized tomatoes into 1/2″ slices or by halving roma tomatoes. using a cooling rack, lay the sliced tomatoes with the side that is cut facing upward, and then sprinkle them lightly with salt. the rack should then be placed on a baking sheet in an oven set to 190 degrees for no more than 10 hours. finally, place your dried tomatoes in freezer safe bags and store in the freezer. alternatively, dried tomatoes can be packed in a jar filled with olive oil and fresh herbs. place in the refrigerator and consume within two weeks.
pumpkin preparation involves slicing it in half, from top to bottom. take each half cut side down and place on different baking sheets. toss a little water on the pans, and bake for roughly an hour at 350 degrees.
to improve the flavor of your dishes, mix your own broth and other stock. store extra stock in bags in the freezer that are resealable. by doing this, you’ll always have homemade stock available whenever you are in the mood to cook soup. if you prepare your own, homemade stock, you will be cutting out all of the preservatives of canned versions.
add plenty of salt to the water when you are cooking pasta. this will help season the pasta as it cooks. salting the pasta after cooking it does not allow it to hold seasoning that well.
get the most from garlic by buying only the freshest bulbs you can find. fresh garlic has a sweeter taste than old garlic. fresh garlic usually has a firm skin and no bruises or soft spots.
for an improvement to your pasta sauce, save some of the water used to cook the pasta. reserve a small quarter cup portion of the water you cook the pasta in after you cook it. when the time comes to add the sauce to the pasta, add this water as well. amalgamation will take place in your sauce when you add the pasta water. the starch will give it the “creaminess” you desire.
get your grill ready to go before you start to barbecue. you should try to have everything ready 30 minutes prior to your cook time. you need to allow the coals to reach a medium heat. once the desired temperature has been reached they should be covered with ash. once the coals have reached this point, they have reached the prime grilling temperature.
organization while cooking is necessary in order to avoid disasters, like under done or burnt food. when your station is organized, you will be more productive. being disorganized can make it quite easy to make it impossible to find things when you need them, which makes you miss out on the goodies that you could be indulging in.
wooden cutting board
be sure to care for your wooden cutting board properly. heat, dryness, and excess moisture can cause a wooden cutting board to warp and split. don’t submerge the board in the sink when you clean it. instead, use warm, soapy water and a sponge. if you have a damaged cutting board, you should purchase an oil product that is designed for cutting board restoration. let the board dry thoroughly before you use it.
leave your meal to sit for a short while before serving. most people are unaware that it’s a good idea to have a meal sit out for a few minutes before eating. it may be tempting to get the food to the table as quickly as possible. if you do this, you will really be missing out. always allow your meal to rest and cool down a little.
utilize all of the suggestions you can from this article. in no time, family and friends will be begging for the secrets to your culinary success.

dried tomatoeshomemade stockwooden cutting board



home

helpful do it yourself landscaping tips

february 12, 2017 charlotte 



 some people turn to landscaping as a way to improve their home’s look. others spend hours getting every detail looking just so. the treat landscaping as a science. they turn their home landscaping into a work of art. no matter the style of landscaping you prefer, these ideas will help you to make the most of your efforts.
when landscaping, it is best to use plants which are native to the area. when choosing plants, native plants are a perfect fit because they will thrive in your climate. native plants tend to be hardy species, able to thrive in less-than-ideal soil and with less water in even the poorest weather conditions.
when adding plants to your landscaping, consider using native plants. make sure the flowers, shrubs or trees you use are indigenous to the area. these native plants will flourish even in poor soil, they may not require as much water, and they are better able to survive in extreme weather conditions.
invest in a watering system which is a drip style for your yard. it is easy to install this system and they allow your plants to have a constant source of water. water usage is spread more efficiently, since the flow is dispersed in a drip, not a stream, as is the case with sprinklers or hoses.
it can be quite hard to landscape your entire yard in one project. divide your landscaping plans into different phases, taking into account the different seasons and levels of difficulty. if any changes arise, this will make it easier to implement them.
before you begin your landscaping project, create a list containing everything you will need during the process. doing so will give you more time on your landscape, and less time running to the store.
many people overlook online shopping options when landscaping their properties. there are several factors that make shopping for plants online a good idea, though. besides its ease and convenience, shopping online gives you access to a wider variety of plants than you could find at a home improvement store or a local nursery.
you can save money by timing your purchases. the best time to buy lumber is during the winter. buy organic materials, like shrubs and mulch during the later part of the season. the newest plants available will often be quite expensive until they have been around for some time.
trying to work on the entire landscape at once is difficult and overwhelming. you are better off breaking up large projects into smaller phases. it will also help you implement changes to your design, along the way if you find there need to be any changes.
many people do not realize that you do not have to hire an expert to plan your landscaping. the result will be a large bill you will need to pay. but an hour or so consultation with a trusted landscaper may help you avoid costly mistakes later, and can help make your job much easier.
save yourself some money by shopping online, and browse a much larger selection. lots of websites exist that offer great merchandise at appealing prices. when you are looking at landscaping products and chemicals, be sure to read customer reviews. these can be very helpful in finding high quality, satisfactory products. comparative shopping between websites may also save you a considerable amount of money.
timing will help you save money when you need to buy landscape items. purchase lumber in the wintertime. toward the end of the season, purchase your shrubs trees and mulch. when new plant varieties crop up, wait a couple of years for the prices to lower before investing in them for your landscaping.
set your lawnmower on the mulch setting so the grass clippings can help nourish your soil. this helps your lawn get good nutrients. the decomposed grass lessens the amount of fertilizer you will need on the lawn.
you don’t always need the most expensive product. you will find little but some variation in quality from the higher-end mulches or planters, or even some plants. take the time to inspect each plant thoroughly prior to purchase. often plants that are being sold on clearance have been neglected or are already past their prime.
buy your products online and in bulk to help save money. a number of websites offer quality products at low prices. when you are looking at landscaping products and chemicals, be sure to read customer reviews. these can be very helpful in finding high quality, satisfactory products. also, compare prices to ensure you’re getting the best price for the quality of product you receive.
ground cover
if you’ve got a big shade tree in the yard, it won’t be easy to put flowers underneath. instead of placing flowers there you should consider a cover for the ground. ground cover requires minimal care, adding some beauty that is easy to maintain. some ground cover options to consider are hosta and sweet woodruff.
before digging into your landscaping project, it is important to think about existing structures. go over where your sprinkler pipes, air conditioners and various other things around your home are because you don’t want your landscaping to interfere with them. to protect yourself, call your city to find out if there are any cables located where you will be placing your landscape designs.
as you landscape your yard, have curved borders surrounding your plants. these round shapes are less formal and more pleasing to the eye. when viewed from a distance, the curved borders will soften any hard lines of your home.
the key to landscaping on a budget is breaking each project down into small, attainable phases. it is completely acceptable to break the project into various phases that will coincide with the seasons or your budget. in fact, it makes a lot more sense from a financial perspective. make a list of each step in the plan, then divide it by order of importance so you complete the most important parts first.
if you are looking for more color in your garden, try wildflowers if you’re on a budget. all home improvement stores carry wildflower seeds, and they can be scattered on large areas that are hard to plant. blooms of many different colors can be captivating and stunning to look at. a mix of flowers makes for great bouquets.
landscaping means a different thing to different people, that’s just how it works. some will look at landscaping as just keeping the yard maintained, while others will view it as a design process that can be quite elaborate. whatever your landscaping style, these tips will help your project to turn out well.

curved bordersground covernative plantsshopping online



home

is your dog running your home? get help here with these simple tips!

january 29, 2017 charlotte 



 canine training is crucial to ensuring that your canine friends are well-behaved both in and out of your home. the following article will provide you with useful tips when training your dog.
it takes a while for a dog to get comfortable in a crate. don’t take it too fast; introduce the dog at his own pace. when they seem comfortable in it with the door open, try shutting the gate and feed them treats through the wires. begin with small intervals, and work your way up to longer times. if the puppy becomes upset, you may be progressing too quickly.
put yourself in your dog’s proverbial shoes, or paws, rather. it is easy to get frustrated with your dog if they are not learning very basic things quickly or at all. try to think the way your dog does. you should think about how your dog might see things in the world.
when it comes to training fido, time is of the essence. the goal is to avoid overdoing it while ensuring that you are devoting enough attention to the animal. you should not over do it, train in small time increments. pay attention to the point when your dog starts to get restless.
crate training requires extreme consistency. when you allow the puppy to come out of the crate, you have to immediately and without fail give him the chance to relieve his bladder. your puppy will eventually become able to relieve itself less frequently.
when house training your dog, keep in mind that whatever you feed him must come out. to keep your puppies toiletry habits regular, feed him a high quality food 2-3 times a day at the same time each day. you can then schedule your walks at the right times to prevent unwanted accidents.
when attempting to house train your pup, keep in mind that whatever goes in, must go out. in an effort to create regularity in your puppy, feed specific meals at specific times daily. doing so helps you to learn your puppy’s schedule.
dog gets
you should pick a phrase to say to your puppy while he is being house trained. tell the dog a phrase, like “go potty!”, whenever you go outside to help your dog keep the goal of going outside in mind.
ensure that your dog gets 60 minutes of daily exercise on top of routine potty breaks or training periods. when your dog gets adequate exercise, he can be trained more effectively and it can bring out your dog’s good behavior. if your pet can exercise regularly and be active, he will be far more happy and responsive.
in order to have a great dog, you need to learn control and firmness. try not to yell though, as negative reinforcement does not work. this ensures you have a positive relationship between the dog and yourself.
start your dog’s training by doing something it could easily learn. not only will you achieve gratification due to your success, but your dog will know what acceptable behavior is. this gives you greater results when training.
a great training suggestion is to know the special grooming requirements needed for the dog breed you own. some breeds need very little grooming, while others need to be groomed meticulously every week. this will keep your dog fresh and reduce the chance of illness.
never, ever reward your dog for bad behavior so that you can quickly stop it. you will show your dog that they can get over on you. for example, don’t attempt to stop unwanted barking by giving your dog a treat.
if your dog is jumping on you, grab his paws with your hands and gently squeeze them to deter his behavior. this won’t hurt your dog, but it will give them an uncomfortable feeling that will help teach them not to do it again. after a while, they will stop jumping on people because they will associate it with the uncomfortable feeling.
does your dog have all of the nutrition it needs. some bad behavior could be attributed to an imbalanced diet. you might be surprised by how dramatically a change in diet can affect your dog’s behavior. your vet should be able to provide advice.
dogs that are not trained will drive you crazy and can destroy your property. armed with these tips, you should be adequately prepared to work with your dog, providing valuable skills and behavioral guidance.
always use similar calls or gestures to attract the dog’s attention. use his or her name when giving a command. get is attention by using its name and make it follow what you want it to do. dogs commonly respond quickly when their names are called, and they realize that you want their attention.

bad behaviordog gets



home

everything you are wondering about interior design

january 15, 2017 charlotte 



 are you envious of the houses that are nicely decorated? have you ever considered that your house can be like theirs? thankfully, the article below offers some great tips that will get your house looking like the one’s you see when looking at those magazines. the only thing lacking is some helpful advice and guidance. continue reading to find out how you can make your homes interior look like those in the magazines.
an excellent interior decorating hint is to always strongly consider what the purpose of a room will be. for example, if you are designing a child’s room, you might consider bright and lively hues to inspire creativity or to match the child’s personality. these colors are less appropriate in a library.
before you start working in a room, decide the kind of mood you want the room to present. your mood can vary from calm and soothing to excited or outrageous. if you think of the mood for the space in advance, you can tie it together more easily.
the first thing you should do is figure out exactly what your budget is for your project. how bad would it be to begin a project and not be able to finish it because of finances? that way, you will be free to design your space without feeling anxious.
a lot of professionals have things to say about interior design, and you should listen to them only to a certain extent. you will not be able to enjoy your house truly unless you know how to use your own judgement in creating a design that greatly reflects your personality.
choosing the correct color scheme for your room is very important. provide the room with a tasteful, well-balanced appearance by understanding which colors are complementary and which ones clash. you should also be wary of using a lot of bold colors in a single room.
if you have pictures to frame, be creative. they are just as much part of the decor as everything else. you can think of cool ways to design them with a little planning. look at hanging them in certain patterns or different odd angles. using the empty space around your photos provides a nice contrast, giving your room a unique look.
at times, replacing the doors of your cabinets is an easy way to redo your kitchen. consider using glass doors rather than the traditional wood doors so that your kitchen can open up and appear brighter. also, some accents in the cabinets will add a cool flair to the room.
the best preparation for any interior decorating project is de-cluttering. virtually every house needs a thorough cleanup from time to time. empty your closets and get rid of anything you no longer need. instead of throwing out the stuff, perhaps give it to charity, or give it away to some neighbors.
you’re going to have to consider the purpose of a room as you decorate it. think about the number of people that will be in the room and what they’ll be doing. while designing a living area or den, it’s perfectly acceptable to think about guests and family gatherings. when planning changes to your bedroom, on the other hand, focus on the preferences of yourself and your partner.
are you going to be painting one of your rooms? if so, be patient. if you do this, you might end up using colors that you will not like. compare many samples with your decor and give it a few days before you decide. see how the samples look in different lighting. you might be surprised to find that you’re not as in love with a color as you thought you were.
it is crucial that you focus on small details. the key to a great room is using the accent pieces in the best way possible. for example, you could select your decor, window treatments, fixture, etc. based on a particular theme rather than having to purchase new furniture or completely redo the floors.
use area rugs on cold types of flooring. if you rotate the rugs once in awhile, you will prevent them from wear and tear. reposition your rugs in different ways to preserve the condition of your rugs.
many people have smaller rooms that they wish appeared to be bigger. paint the walls in light colors to give the room a larger look. dark colors in small rooms make the room look even smaller that it is.
keep your room as uncluttered as possible when you are making changes to your interior’s design. too many accessories or too much furniture can make any room feel smaller and more cramped than it is. instead, select a few key pieces of furniture, and create as much open space as possible.
there is no need to be jealous of professionally designed homes any more. by utilizing the advice provided in this article, you can transform your home into a beautiful piece of art you will love. do not let interior planning intimidate you any more; decorate your home with the tips shared in this helpful article.





home

organic gardening advice for new organic gardeners

december 31, 2016 charlotte 



 in the world of organic gardening, there are plenty of great resources available to both new and experienced organic gardeners alike. there are many e-guides, books, videos, and other resources available. this set of tips contains some of the best advice for helping a good organic gardener become a great organic gardener.
try to put an aspirin in the water to get rid of plant diseases. your plants can benefit from a solution you can make by dissolving one and one-half aspirins into a couple of gallons of water. spray the plants with the aspirin solution to help your plants fight disease. spraying should be one time every three weeks.
to keep your houseplants happy during the day, your thermostat should be set anywhere between 65 and 75 degrees. your plants will not grow well if it is too cold. if you want to save money on gas bills in the winter, you can provide local heating for the plants with a heat lamp instead.
organic garden
if you’re working to build a sustainable organic garden, try leaving a portion of your garden untouched so that the wildlife will be able to thrive. this can be a good area for the types of insects that pollinate plants. it can also be a sanctuary for birds, which will help some plants thrive. this can greatly improve the production of your organic garden.
if you choose to use organic methods to care for your houseplants, you should bear in mind that certain plants require more sunlight than others. if your home does not let in sufficient light, then consider getting plants that thrive in low-light situations. you could also consider using grow-lights for this exact purpose.
the ambient temperate of a room with live plants should be kept between sixty-five and seventy-five degrees throughout the day. it is important for them to be kept in this temperature range if they are to grow properly. if you do not want to keep your home that warm during the winter months, you can get a heat lamp for the organic plants instead.
if you’re planning on gardening inside, the first thing you should consider is an adequate light source. if you are living in a place that does not have a lot of natural sunlight, think about cultivating plants that do well in lower lighting situations. if you simply must have a plant that has higher requirements for sunlight, you can use indoor uv lamps.
you’ll save time and energy if you keep tools nearby while working in your garden. put them into a basket you carry with you, or use an apron with many pockets and hanging loops. tools you’ll need to garden efficiently include towels, gloves, pruning shears and other plant-specific tools.
make sure you have your gardening tools near you, so you can maximize your gardening efficiency. keep the tools in a big bucket, or store them in strong pockets in your pants. keep your gloves, pruning shears, a hand spade and your other tools handy to quickly and easily do your garden maintenance.
seeds that have sprouted don’t require the extra warmth that was needed before they sprouted. to ensure that your plants do not suffer shock, start eliminating the use of a heat source. make sure you remember to remove any plastic films that were on the plant containers to repel humidity and warmth. monitor the seeds carefully so you know the best time to do it.
coat your flower beds with a few inches of an organic mulch. mulching helps to hold moisture in the soil, enhance the soil quality, and slow down the growth of weeds. it will also increase the visual appeal of the flower beds.
learn to work efficiently. it’s frustrating to search for a tool for a half hour. in addition to keeping your gardening tools in one location, you should also clean your tools after each use. if you use lots of tools, consider using a tool belt or even just some pants that have lots of pockets.
dried plant
pine makes a much better mulch than you might think. some plants need acidic soil to grow properly, because of their own acid content. if this is the case, use pine needles to mulch your beds. simply add a layer of pine needles a couple of inches deep to the plant beds. the needles will decompose over time and provide the soil with acidity.
apply equal portions of dried plant material and green into your compost pile. green plant material can include old flowers, fruit waste, grass clippings, vegetable waste, and leaves. dried plant matter, on the other hand, includes shredded paper, used wood chips and straw. don’t include ashes, diseased plants, charcoal meat, or carnivorous animal waste.
it is possible to control weeds with natural methods. you should layer some newspaper to get weeds under control. weeds must have sunlight in order to grow. when you pile up layers of newspapers right on top of the weeds, they will suffocate and die. newspapers also decompose fairly quickly, and mix with your garden soil. you can then add a mulch layer right on top so that it looks more attractive.
coffee grounds are a good addition to your soil. coffee grounds add many nitrogenous nutrients to the soil that will benefit your plants. it is best for your plants to use coffee grounds that are part of a blend of ingredients in the compost or soil you are using for your plants, rather than directly adding coffee grounds to your garden plants.
for container planting, be sure to plant your seeds at a depth around three times the radius of the seed. you should know that certain seeds need not be covered, because they need the sunlight. petunia and ageratum seeds need direct sunlight, for example. if you’re not sure, a guide either comes with seeds, or you can find this information online.
water demands from plants will depend on the season and the climate in your area. you will need to water differently depending on what time it is or what kind of soil you are using. as an example, leaves should not be watered in humid, warm climates else leaf fungus could occur. instead, focus water on the plant’s root system.
when planting seeds in containers, plant the seed roughly three times deeper than the seed’s size. there are exceptions to this rule though, as some seeds need direct sunlight to grow. this is true of popular flowers like petunias and zinnias. if you are unsure about the specific needs of your seeds, you should consult your local garden center or conduct further research online. important things to look for include water requirements, ideal soil type, and recommended sunlight exposure.
with the above information in hand, you now know a little bit about what is needed to succeed as an organic gardener. there is a ton of information you should know, and you also should know how to use it. if you keep this information in mind, you should be able to grow a great organic garden in no time.

dried plantgardening toolsorganic gardenerorganic gardeningresources available



home

easy tips to help you cook the perfect meal

december 17, 2016 charlotte 



 many people only see cooking as a chore that needs to be done. however, there are many ways to make cooking fun. cooking can also be one of the best ways to be a healthier person. good cooks never stop learning, and you can increase your knowledge and your joy of cooking with this article.
slowly stir corn starch into simmering sauce to thicken. start with 1 tablespoon and add more cornstarch until you reach the desired consistency. stir this solution into the thin sauce to thicken it. make sure you add starch slowly and are constantly stirring the sauce so it doesn’t get too thick.
make sure to keep your spices and herbs sealed in airtight containers, protected in a dark, cool place. humidity, light and heat can cause your spices and herbs to lose their flavor. when stored correctly, your spices can stay spicy for up to a year. if kept whole, spices can keep their flavor for up to five years. proper storage can extend their shelf life even longer.
if you need to season your meat, prepare a small portion and taste it prior to cooking the entire amount. certain meats, such as meatballs, hamburgers, and meatloaf, need to be carefully seasoned in order for them to taste great. after adding your blend of seasonings, do not cook the entire portion of meat. the more you cook, the better you will get at using the right amount of spices and seasonings. you can then either leave as-is, or adjust your seasonings according to your tastes.
moldy fruit
bake pie and tart crusts for a longer time than you think is really necessary. they should be a light golden brown instead of pale in color. that deeper color shows that the sugar has caramelized. this creates a crisp crust, which is also sweeter.
have you ever needed to throw away moldy fruit and felt guilty about it? would it be less wasteful to cut off the moldy sections and save the rest? if you have fruit that is just a little rotten, throw it away. it is important to throw moldy fruit in the trash because eating moldy food can cause you to become very ill. there is often more mold on the fruit than can be seen by the naked eye.
many individuals enjoy cooking with apples when it is cooler outside, but if stored improperly, they will no longer be usable. apples will be ruined if they are stored in a warm place, make sure you store them in the fridge or in a cool place. make sure to check on them regularly, as one rotten apple means the rest are soon to follow.
doing all of the things you need to in order to prepare a meal is a vital part of the cooking process. make sure you have all the ingredients ready. organize everything so you can start cooking, including the spices and utensils. this will allow you to cook without having to worry.
to maintain a vegetable’s quality, cook it quickly. if you slow cook vegetables they will lose nutritional value and taste. speed cooking vegetables also retains the best texture and nutrition. adapting the principle of faster cooking times is a crucial element in serving better quality vegetables to your family and friends.
in conclusion, a great cook is constantly learning. the beauty of cooking is that it is not just about the physical act, but also about different types of food and cooking methods. it is about sharing knowledge that you have gathered from others. cooking is not just a task to be mastered, but a gift that was meant to be shared with others.
whenever you are spicing up your meat, consider starting off with a small portion before you cook the whole piece. different meats including meatballs and meatloaf need to be seasoned carefully. after seasoning the meat, do not cook all of it. rather, cook a small portion first. once you see how it tastes, you can determine to either cook the remaining meat or adjust the amount of seasoning.

moldy fruit



home

is your family safe? read these home security tips

december 3, 2016 charlotte 



 all homeowners should do all they can to keep their homes and families safe. sadly, homes are broken into every day. read on to learn how you can keep your home and loved ones safe from these threats.
it is important for your home to always look lived in. you could purchase timers and have your tvs, lights, radios and other types of electronics to go on at various times. this will give the appearance that someone is at your house at all times. this is an excellent method for avoiding burglary and keeping your home secure.
providing a key to the person cleaning your home can be acceptable, but you must be sure they are honest and worthy of your confidence. make sure you know they are legitimate before giving out the key. make sure you verify all references. if you hire a cleaner from a company, then you should check the company with the bbb.
when you’re going away, turn off your phone ringers. if the phone continues to ring while you’re gone, this lets an intruder know that the home is empty.
remove old plants and debris from your yard. these are vulnerable to fires and put your home in danger. clearing your yard keeps your home, belongings and family much safer.
does your dog stay outside while you are gone? this is a good spot for keeping your spare key. fasten the key to your dog’s collar to hide it from view. this works especially well as storage if your pet isn’t too fond of strangers.
if you do not reside in a big city, you may not worry as much about home burglaries. there are some who believe country folk are more at risk because neighbors are not nearby. however, understand that regardless of where you live, a theft can occur anywhere. therefore, you need to be prepared.
do that put spare keys above door frames or under door mats. while you may feel that you are keeping yourself safe by allowing a way in for yourself, you are also allowing everyone else to visit whenever they want. any thief knows all the typical hiding spots. rather, give your spare key to a neighbor or friend that you trust.
when looking to purchase a good home security system, it is best that you look at many companies. prices vary greatly in regards to the same protection for each company. make sure to obtain quotes from a minimum of three companies prior to deciding on a final one.
anytime a security installer comes to the house, make sure they display proper identification. it is simple for a thief to pose as a representative of your home security company as a means of gaining access to your house. this can put your family and possessions in danger. be careful if you want to avoid danger.
you can make your home safer by investing in some motion detectors and outside lights. they lights will light up your property at night and they are cost-effective and efficient. when placed appropriately, no one will be able to break in unannounced.
don’t just hide your spare key anywhere. intruders will think to look on the top if a door frame and under a doormat. for a better solution, try tucking your spare key into your dog’s collar, provided you have an outside dog.
one of the best things you can do to protect your home at night is to deter intruders with plenty of exterior lighting. they want to avoid being seen. a well-lit home is like a red flag to a burglar. make sure the lights stay on to keep your home safe.
be sure to make good use of the internet when you’re trying to select your home security company. check out different websites, and read through package details and customer testimonials. once you have selected a few potential home security providers, set appointments to interview them and find out what they have on offer.
don’t open your door when strangers are knocking. criminals find ways to get people to open doors so they can commit crimes. you should only open the door to people you were expecting.
landscape your home with safety in mind. doors and windows should not be obstructed by trees, plants or shrubs. this makes it where people can’t hide in different nooks and crevices. for a beautiful yard that’s also safe, keep the landscaping separated from the house.
see how long the home security company has been around before you make any decisions. companies in business for many years engender great confidence and trust. it will make you feel better knowing that the company you choose is not fly by night.
home protection program details may be available at your police station. many programs include how to use some engraving tools to create code numbers for identifying valuables that are stolen, home inspection, and advice on protective measures. if your police department does not offer these programs, find a private security company.
the best method to maintain a thief from going into the garage is making sure nobody can see inside. have your windows frosted so they aren’t as easy to see through. also, don’t leave your door open for long periods of time when you work there.
can you read your house numbers while in the street? if the numbers aren’t legible, police may drive right by. luckily, this is an issue that can be fixed quickly.
install lights that have motion sensors. this type of light will come on when they detect motion within a certain distance of your home. they will signal movement to you but will also serve as deterrents to the thieves. do not forget to change a bulb when it burns out.
if you have rooms that are off limits to kids and company, the following is a great solution. use a code-access lock for any door you don’t want others opening. you could install these locks yourself. or, you may have a security company to do it for you.
due to all of the threats your home is vulnerable to, every homeowner needs to work to ensure the safety of it. ideally, you’ve picked up quite a few useful security hints from the preceding article. use each idea to give your home maximum security.
the first thing to do is get your locks changed out. has a roommate or ex-lover moved out recently? if so, then you need to change out the locks in order to keep you and your home safe. changing the locks can typically be done very cheaply and quickly.

security company



home

making your landscaping stand out by using color

november 19, 2016 charlotte 



 if you wish to sell your house or make it appear more attractive, a great landscape can help. use this article for help even if you do not plan to landscape yourself.
before you begin your landscaping project, create a list containing everything you will need during the process. you don’t want to be knee-deep in your project to discover that you’re missing something crucial.
if you want your landscaping to have a fresh look you should work on giving your rock or flower beds soft curves on the edges. a curved edge looks modern, smooth and beautiful, and can really enhance your design. it’s relatively inexpensive to cut fresh edges and they will make a big difference.
make sure you test your soil before you start your landscaping or gardening project. having a soil test done will let you know what can grow well in your local area. that way, your plants stand a better chance of thriving.
build the optimum landscaping by creating a garden that shines no matter the season. select a wide variety of plants, with some blooming in each season, according to the region in which you live. evergreens and trees with nice foliage help make your yard look lively and interesting all year long.
try using native plants for landscaping. when you landscape your garden, try using trees flowers and shrubs that you would find locally. plants that are local to the area will do their best in the worst soils, require less water and will survive the terrible weather conditions.
are you thinking about putting your home up for sale? in comparison with other projects, investing in the landscape of your home can easily generate returns of up to 200 percent. focus on the front lawn to create added curb appeal, or create a defined outdoor living area in your backyard.
save yourself some money by shopping online, and browse a much larger selection. many landscaping sites sell high-quality products at great prices, from plants and seeds to tools and other supplies. always read reviews from other customers to make sure you are ordering a good product that will be delivered in a protective package. remember to compare prices of different websites.
if you are adding an outdoor kitchen to your yard, granite works really well. while other surfaces may be less expensive in the short-term, granite is much more durable and lower maintenance. also, granite can withstand high temperatures without damage.
always measure out how much room you have to work with before going out to buy plants. knowing your measurements will help you understand how many plants you need, rather than guessing incorrectly at the store. this way, you don’t overbuy or run out of anything.
plan your landscape so it looks nice year round. you need to have plants that bloom in the spring, those which continue to bloom in the summer, those which change color in the fall, and even some evergreens for the wintertime. researching plants is what will make your landscape attractive all year.
have your soil tested before you begin your garden or landscaping project. having the soil tested can help you to determine what needs to be added or eliminated, so that you can take care of these things before you begin to plant. your plants will be healthier ,and your garden will be successful by doing this.
incorporate rounded borders for your plant beds as you lay out your plan. these rounded shapes have more visual appeal than straight, squared-off borders do. remember that when someone looks at your entire property, curved planting borders can offer a good contrast to the right angles visible in areas such as your house and your driveway.
talk to a professional landscaper before you begin. those of you looking to landscape your yard yourself should still consult with a professional. a second opinion will help you to spot any problems in your plan before you start it. getting advice from a professional can still be beneficial even if you do have some landscaping experience.
if you create a garden that is used in all seasons, you will get the most from it. pick plants that can bloom in every season, depending on your area. you can even choose trees that have beautiful leaves, or evergreen trees that will keep your grounds looking beautiful all year.
if you are trying to landscape on a budget, remember that you do not need to finish the entire project all at one time. know which projects suit each space or season. this will lighten the financial burden as well. just write down each step in your process, and then choose the ones that are most important to finish first.
make sure you put things in the right places when you start landscaping. certain plants and shrubbery will thrive under certain conditions and wither under others. consider amounts of sunlight, wind direction, water which comes from drainspouts, walkways, play areas and soil conditions.
if you are planning to put your home on the market, landscaping is worth considering. landscaping is one of the most profitable home improvement projects to take on prior to selling your house; you might get up to 200 percent back of what you put into landscaping when you sell the house. consider focusing on your front yard to add some curbside appeal to your home, or maybe create an outdoor socializing area in the back.
choose plants that are appropriate for your climate. you may love a certain plant or tree, if it needs elements such as a frost to grow, you may be disappointed if your area is under the frost line. also keep in mind the amount of sunlight a plant needs, your local wind conditions, and levels of rainfall in your area.
before you plant a single flower or shrub, make sure you understand the water and temperature requirements for your new plants. there are water restrictions in place in the summer in many locations, meaning that plants which need lots of water won’t get it and therefore won’t thrive, so choose native plants which need little to no watering instead.
select plants wisely, as it will have a big impact on your project. it is not wise to put plants in shady areas if they require sunlight. also, you should not put a tree in an area where it cannot grow. take time to be certain your plants will grow well where they are planted.
think about the fall season when you design your landscape. it’s easy to think only of spring and summer when planning your yard projects. but, autumn colors are some of the most beautiful, and should be a part of any landscape plan. take a little time to plan out what you want your autumn landscaping to look like. with a little effort your yard can look fabulous long after summer ends.
when planning for your landscaping long-term, don’t forget to consider how much plants may eventually grow in size. although a small tree may look nice beside a fountain now, in a few years, it going to right up against your home. think of the full-grown size of everything before planting.
talk to a licensed landscaper before you do any work to your own yard. you don’t have to hire them to do any of the heavy lifting, but their expertise can help you save money by avoiding the common mistakes many do-it-yourselfers face. particularly if you do not have much experience in landscaping, this step is an important one.
whether you simply tend your lawn, plant trees or flowers, or design a complicated garden, a well-planned landscape can add magic to every home. you can make your home a neighborhood showcase when you know what to do. utilize the information from this article to begin right away.



posts navigation

1
2
…
34
next → 





just another wordpress site



search for:



  recent posts 

purchasing video games are easy with these great suggestions


the best way to love your next camping trip


handy advice to aid you in the kitchen


helpful do it yourself landscaping tips


is your dog running your home? get help here with these simple tips!


recent commentsour friends hanks heavy truck parts
categories 
business

health

home

money

news


archives 
september 2017
april 2017
february 2017
january 2017
december 2016
november 2016
october 2016
september 2016
august 2016
july 2016
june 2016
may 2016
april 2016
march 2016
february 2016
january 2016
december 2015
november 2015
october 2015
september 2015
august 2015
july 2015
june 2015
may 2015
april 2015
march 2015
february 2015
january 2015
december 2014
november 2014

meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
 





 
 


proudly powered by wordpress














