








cassidy music





























cassidy music


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				







search for:



 








the pianist movie

march 16, 2022 brandon prescott 


“the pianist” movie begins in warsaw, poland in september, 1939, at the outbreak of the second world war, very first introducing wladyslaw (wladek) szpilman, who works as a pianist for the regional radio. 
the polish army has actually been defeated in 3 weeks by the german army and szpilman’s radio station is bombed while he plays live on the air. while evacuating the building he finds a pal of his who introduces him to his sibling, dorota. szpilman is instantly drawn in to her.



wladyslaw returns home to discover his parents and his brother and two sis, packing to leave poland. the family goes over the possibility of leaving poland successfully and they choose to remain. that night, they listen to the bbc and hear that britain and france have actually stated war on germany. the household commemorates, believing the war will end quickly once the allies have the ability to engage germany.
conditions for jews in warsaw rapidly deteriorate. wladek meets dorota, who accompanies him around warsaw to find out of the injustice jewish people need to deal with under the brand-new nazi program. once friendly to them now won’t permit their patronage, companies that were. wladek’s father is roughly prohibited to stroll on the walkway in the city by two german officers; when he begins to object, among the officers strikes him in the face. the household soon needs to relocate to the jewish ghetto developed by nazi guideline. the holocaust is beginning, and the family, though well-to-do before the war, is lowered to subsistence level, although they are still much better off than much of their fellow jews in the overcrowded, starving, disease-ridden ghetto.
wladyslaw takes a job playing piano at a dining establishment in the ghetto, declining a deal from a family friend to work for the jewish police, and the family makes it through, however living conditions in the ghetto continue to intensify and ratings of jews die every day from disease, starvation, and random acts of violence by german soldiers. one night the household sees the ss march into a home throughout the street and jail a family. since he is restricted to the ss and a wheelchair officers throw him over the terrace to his death, the eldest male is unable to stand when purchased. the other member of the family are gunned down in the street and run over by the ss truck if they endured.
by 1942, the aged dad must make an application for working documents through a pal of wladek’s, so that he can take a task in a german clothier. the day comes when the household is picked to be shipped to their deaths at the treblinka concentration camp. henryk and halina are picked and removed and the rest of the household is sent to the umschlagplatz to wait for transportation. they are later reunited. as the household sits under the blazing sun with numerous other jews awaiting the trains, the daddy utilizes the household’s last 20 zlotys to purchase a piece of candy from a boy (who apparently isn’t familiar with his own approaching doom). each member of the family consumes a small morsel of candy, their last meal together.
as they are going to the trains, wladyslaw is suddenly pulled from the lines by itzak heller, a jewish man working as an authorities guard. wladyslaw views the rest of his household board the train, never ever to be seen again. he hides for a few days in the coffee shop he played piano in with his old manager there. he later blends in with the 10 percent approximately of the jews that the nazis kept alive in the ghetto to utilize for servant labor, taking down the brick walls restoring and separating the ghetto home houses for new, non-jewish citizens. he is put to work, under grueling, violent conditions, reconstructing a bombed-out building. he believes he sees an old buddy janina godlewska (a vocalist), however she passes quickly. he discovers that a few of the jews are planning an uprising, and assists them by smuggling weapons into the ghetto. while bring bricks, he drops a load of them, is viciously whipped by an ss officer and is given a new task providing the employees with structure products. he likewise helps smuggle guns in potato sacks– the weapons will be offered to the resistance fighters on the other side of the wall for the uprising. at one point, he is almost caught by a german officer, who thinks that wladek is concealing something in a sack of beans. after this close call, he chooses he must leave and take his possibilities in the larger city. with the assistance of friend, majorek (who was the friend that got his dad working papers a few years prior to), he discovers and escapes janina and her partner.
they take wladyslaw to his caretaker gebczynski (a guy with the polish resistance), who hides him for one night. the next day gebczynski takes him to a vacant home near the ghetto wall, where he can live forever on smuggled food; he needs to be quiet nevertheless, because several non-jews also live in the structure and believe the house is empty. there, wladek views part of the jewish ghetto uprising of april-may 1943, for which he helped smuggle the weapons, and sees weeks later as the uprising is finally crushed and its participants eliminated. later, gebczynski wishes to move wladek as the nazis have actually discovered the weapons of the polish resistance, requiring gebczynski to be on the run likewise. gebczynski states it’s only a matter of time before the nazis find the apartment wladek is hiding in. wladek chooses to remain put, feeling more secure where he is. his friend gives him an address to go to in case of an emergency, and leaves, gravely warning wladek not to be caught alive by the nazis. wladyslaw remains in the apartment a couple of more months up until he has an accident, breaking some dishes. the noise has blown his cover, and he has to scoot out of the structure, being chased by a mad german lady who thinks him of being jewish.
wladek goes to the emergency address he was given, where he surprisingly fulfills dorota, who is now wed, pregnant, and her brother dead. dorota and her other half conceal wladek in another uninhabited home, where there is a piano that his silence keeps him from playing, but his new caretaker, szalas, is extremely slack about smuggling in food, and wladyslaw once again faces hunger, and at one point practically dies of jaundice. dorota and her other half visit him, discovering him gravely ill. they report that szalas had been collecting cash from unwitting and generous donors and had swiped all of it, leaving wladek to die in seclusion.
wladek recuperates in time to see the larger 1944 warsaw uprising, in which the poles tried to retake control of their city. quickly the germans begin assaulting the structure and he has to run away. the poles had actually expected the advancing soviet red army to help them, however the russians did not come, rather permitting the germans to put down the revolt, and drive the entire staying population of warsaw out of the city. wladyslaw hides in the abandoned health center that had been across the street from his 2nd hideout. the germans had actually already decided to burn warsaw to ashes, so wladyslaw flees the hospital and leaps back over the wall into the ghetto, now a deserted, desolate wasteland of bricks and debris.
he remains there, searching through burned-out structures to discover something to eat, and continues to hide, up until one night a nazi officer, captain wilm hosenfeld, discovers him. to show to hosenfeld that he is a pianist, he plays a mournful and brief rendition of chopin’s “ballade in g minor”, the first time he has played because he worked in the jewish ghetto years before.
hosenfeld, moved by szpilman’s playing, assists him make it through, allowing him to continue concealing in the attic even after the home is developed as the captain’s head office. when the russian army draws closer to warsaw, hosenfeld ultimately abandons the house with his staff. hosenfeld gives wladek a last parcel of food and his topcoat. he asks wladek his surname, which sounds precisely like “spielmann”, the german word for pianist. hosenfeld promises to listen for wladek on the radio. hosenfeld likewise tells him that he only needs to endure for a couple of more days; the russian army will liberate warsaw soon. soon later, wladyslaw sees polish partisans, and, gotten rid of with delight, goes outside to satisfy his compatriots. seeing his coat provided to him by hosenfeld, they believe he is a german and try to eliminate him, prior to he can encourage them he is polish.
in the spring, newly released poles walk past an improvised russian prisoner of war camp, and hosenfeld is amongst the detainees. the poles toss insults at the germans through the fence, however when hosenfeld hears that a person of the poles is an artist, he goes to the fence and tells him that he assisted wladyslaw, and asks him to ask wladyslaw to return the favor, before a russian soldier throws him pull back on the ground. the polish artist does certainly bring wladyslaw back to the website to petition the russians, but they have left without a trace by the time he arrives. wladyslaw is not able to help hosenfeld, however he returns to playing piano for the radio station.
closing title cards tell us that hosenfeld died in a soviet gulag in 1952. wladyslaw lived to be an old male, dying in poland in 2000 at the age of 88. the cards are intercut with footage of wladek triumphantly playing chopin’s grand polonaise brilliante in performance with a complete orchestra accompanying him.




persian music – a brief history

may 5, 2019 brandon prescott 


persian traditional music is iran’s indigenous music, which is alternatively referred to as iranian classical music. it involves the art and science of music – musiqi – and the performance and sound of the music – moosiqi.

early persian music history
relatively little is known about the ancient persian music. according to the writings of xenophon and herodotus, however, music played a central role in religious rituals and court life during the achaemenian dynasty between 550 and 331 bc.
during the sassanid empire (ad 226 to 642), music was largely used at the kings’ courts. some of the musical instruments used during this period included bagpipes, flutes, lutes and harps. a few court musicians of the era are also known, such as barbad who developed modal music known as ‘khosravani.’ the musical system was composed of 360 melodies, 30 derivative modes and seven royal modes. it is the oldest system in the middle east.
iranian classical music of the present still bears similar names but it is not known whether they sound the same as the earlier music. musical notation from the era has so far not been found. the present persian traditional music developed during the medieval era after the introduction of islam.
one of the popular musicians during the era was abu nasr farabi who helped to shape the musical tradition in the muslim world through his ‘kitab al-musiqi al-kabir.’ abu ali used to work at baghdad’s royal court. safiaddin ormavi then codified the musical mode into 12 divisions having six melodies.
music was largely suppressed during the arab invasion between ad 643 and 750. the shiite clerics who dominated social power for a few centuries looked negatively upon musical expression.
however, the largely secular abbasid dynasty that ruled between ad 750 and 1258 re-established musical activity at the courts. traditional musicians were scattered in all parts of the muslim world.
the present formal iranian classical music takes after the music system played during the safavid dynasty. however, its present ‘dastgah’ form was restructured during the qajar dynasty.
western influence on persian music
the pahlavi dynasty introduced significant western influence to the persian traditional music. the leaders exerted a lot of pressure in the mistaken belief that they were raising the traditional music to the same level as western music. during the twentieth century, two theories were proposed on the scales and intervals of iranian classical music. these were the 22 tone scale and 24 quarter tone scale.
mehdi barkesli proposed the former theory that was based on the earlier theories of ormavi and farabi of the abassid dynasty. ali naqi vaziri gave the latter proposal, which was aimed at facilitating composition of polyphonic notes into the traditionally monophonic system. he contributed towards the microtonal lowering and raising of pitches.
however, hormoz farhat studied persian musical repertoire extensively and concluded that octaves and scales were foreign to the traditional music. the notion was an artificial construct meant to make the music similar to western notions of what music should entail. according to farhat, the ‘maye’ or melodic type is the most important concept in persian traditional music.
iranian classical music is based on composition and improvisation through a series of tunes and modal scales that the musicians must memorize. the apprentices and their masters used to have a traditional relationship that has waned over the centuries with the introduction of music education in conservatories and universities.
what does persian traditional music involve?
the iranian classical music uses a lot of vocals, which means the vocalists play a major role in expressing the relevant mood. in case there are singers, they are often accompanied by either string or wind instruments and some type of percussion. although the classical music may include a number of instruments, the vocalist still plays a central role in the performance. both vocalists and musicians decide on the compositions to choose with the vocalists having a lot of say.
one composition may vary greatly from its beginning to the end. it may include athletic displays known as ‘tahrir’ that alternate with low, contemplative pieces.
persian traditional songs are normally performed while the musicians are seated on rugs and cushions with fine decorations. in some cases, candles are lit.
persian musical instruments
iranian classical music involves the use of different musical instruments, including:
• kamancheh: a bowed spike-fiddle
• ney: an end-blown flute
• tombak: a goblet drum
• daf: a frame drum
• santur: a type of dulcimer
a variety of lutes were also used, such as the tanbur, tar, dotar and setar. ‘chang’ or harp likewise played an important role but it is thought that tuning problems led to its replacement.
iranian classical music still plays a crucial role in spiritual matters, as it has done since time immemorial. it is rarely regarded as a recreational activity. however, the use of religious texts has largely been replaced by lyrics that were mostly composed by sufi poets.




what is the right way to pronounce gif?

may 5, 2017 brandon prescott 


how to pronounce gif? for the last couple of years animated and static images called “gifs” have permeated through thee internet, and social media. many pronounce the word “gif” with a “g”, while a select few pronounce it as “jif” with a “j”. but who is pronouncing it the right way? who has it all wrong? is there even a correct way to pronounce the darn word?




how to learn bach fugue in d minor on piano?

may 5, 2017 brandon prescott 


bach was a music genius.
often the subject of replication and imitation, his musical pieces are unique and often hard to play. take for example his infamous “fugues” piece, arguably one of his most detailed and complex pieces, how exactly does one play the difficult piano fugue in the key of d minor?
here is elena kuschnerova performing bach wtc-i prelude and fugue in d minor bwv 851 at elisabeth university of music in hiroshima on 11 may 2013.





do i need to learn all 12 keys on saxophone to play the blues?

may 5, 2017 brandon prescott 


twelve keys are a lot to learn, and are you ever truly going to play all 12 keys? chances are, you truly desire to advance in your musical journey and master all twelve keys, but often feel overwhelmed and discouraged. 

truth is, unless you are a professional saxophonist, you are not equipped with the ability to play all twelve keys solely based off hearing, but what if i told you that there was a way for you to gradually develop the skill of translating and playing music in all 12 keys, just by listening?




piano concert with roberto plano in charleston, south carolina

march 22, 2016 brandon prescott 


are you a piano music lovers, or an overall classical music enthusiasts? if so, you are truly in for a treat. the international piano series or ips is charleston, south carolina welcomes you to a day of deep piano appreciation and music education: international piano series presents roberto plano




the perks of being a music enthusiast

april 5, 2014 brandon prescott 


music expositions are a music enthusiasts paradise. who knew there were this many different types of pianos? not only do you get to meet creative musicians, learn about the tremendous benefits playing a musical instrument provides, but also meet a 7 year old pianist whom plays classical music as if she had 10 years of experience — how awesome is that? all at the music education expo at the barbican center in london.









search for:



categories

my blog




recent posts


the pianist movie


persian music – a brief history


what is the right way to pronounce gif?


how to learn bach fugue in d minor on piano?


do i need to learn all 12 keys on saxophone to play the blues?


 





					proudly powered by wordpress				





