



genealogy gateway








 genealogy gateway





american genealogy
beginning genealogy
dna genealogy
family genealogy
free genealogy
free genealogy search
genealogy definitions
genealogy home pages
genealogy relationships
genealogy research
genealogy researcher
genealogy software
irish genealogy
scottish genealogy
uk genealogy
world genealogy








welcome to your genealogy gateway
for years genealogy gateway acted as a conduit to genealogy information 
  online. as the years passed, however, the backend of the site became 
  restrictive to further development, making the old genealogy gateway obsolete. 
  today, i've created a new web 2.0 design and interface, with a clear mandate 
  to once again become your gateway to genealogy online!
tired of the same old sites, with the same old links and information? 
  gengateway will be built with the following goals in mind:
1) daily updates.
  genealogy can become stale to most online researchers... i'm dedicated to 
  providing daily updates on the newest genealogy sites and data online. 
  to quickly access this data, just visit this page daily and look at the "new 
  genealogy" below... 
2) genealogy help
most researchers just want data... and a lot of it. but what do you do 
  with that data once you find it? how can that data help you in your research? 
  it's not just about collecting names, it about recording your heritage! and 
  putting all the pieces together in the right place requires a skill set... 
  visit this area when you hit a brick wall in your research!3) uniqueness
  what can i do to set myself a part from the other genealogy portals available 
  online. how can i present the genealogy data online in a user friendly and 
  interesting manner? those two questions will be the backbone of how this site 
  is setup and presented to you. please enjoy, and come back frequently!



new genealogy
genealogy help
build a tree





new or updated online genealogy data

a history of the town of industry, franklin county, maine - free
"from the earliest settlement in 1787 down to the present time, embracing the cessions of new sharon, new vineyard, anson, and stark. in two parts, including the history and genealogy of many of the leading families of the town."
history of the city of new york, new york - free
"its origin, rise, and progress. in two volumes."
young folks' history of the civil war - free
"general history of the civil war."
history of the town of hingham, massachusetts - free
"history of hingham, ma consisting of 3 volumes: historical, ecclesiastical history, and hingham genealogies."
history of michigan - free
"by charles moore - in three volumes, containing biographical material and genealogy."
early history of idaho - free
"who was present and cognizant of the events narrated."
history of california - free
multiple volumes on the history of california, including governors, the jesuits, etc.
history of the fifth west virginia cavalry - free
"history of the fifth west virginia cavalry, formerly the second virginia infantry, and of battery g, first west va. light."
louisiana; its colonial history and romance - free
"the poetry, or the romance of the history of louisiana. louisiana; its history as a french colony."
history of idaho  - free
idaho, the gem of the mountains. three volumes written in 1920 by james h hawley, including biographies.
short history of the london rifle brigade - free
written in 1916, about the london rifle brigade and compiled regimentally.
an history of standing armies in england - free
"written by that eminent patriot john trenchard, elq; with an incomparable preface upon government."
history of shawassee and clinton counties, michigan - free
"with illustrations an biographical sketches of their prominent men and pioneers."
a cotteswold shrine, england - free
"being a contribution to the history of hailes, county gloucester manor, parish and abbey."
history of the court of common pleas of the city and county of new york - free
"with full reports of all important proceedings."
a history of the city of saint paul, and of the county of ramsey, minnesota - free
general county history of ramsey and saint paul city.
history of the town of new london, merrimack county, new hampshire - free
general history of new london, new hampshire from 1779-1899.
an essay towards a natural history of the county of dublin, ireland - free
information on the natural history of dublin county, ireland.
the history of the parish of garstang in the county of lancaster, england - free
history of the county of lancanshire and garstang parish.
history of the town of richmond, cheshire county, new hampshire - free
"from its first settlement, to 1882."
history of the town of lexington, middlesex county, massachusetts - free
"from its first settlement to 1868."
the history and antiquities of naseby, in the county of northampton, england - free
general history of naseby, england and northampton county.
brattleboro, windham county, vermont - free
"early history, with biographical sketches of some of its citizens."
madison, dane county and surrounding towns, wisconsin - free
"being a history and guide to places of scenic beauty and historical note found in the towns of dane county and surroundings, including the organization of the towns, and early intercourse of the settlers with the indians, their camps, trails, mounds, etc."
the history of the parish of kirkham, in the county of lancaster, england - free
history about lancaster county england an kirkham parish.
history of ionia county, michigan - free
"her people, industries and institutions. with biographical sketches of representative citizens and genealogical records of many of the old families."
illustrated atlas and history of harrison county, indiana - free
"containing maps of villages, cities and townships of the county. maps of state, united states, and world. county statistics, biographies, and history of the county. portraits of public and leading citizens."
history of franklin county, ohio - updated - free
a collection of reminiscences of the early settlement of the county with biographical sketches and a complete history of the county to the present time.
history of hancock county, illinois - free
"together with an outline history of the state, and a digest of state laws."
hart's history and directory of the three towns, brownsville, bridgeport, west brownsville, pennsylvania - free
"illustrated with portraits and views also abridged history of fayette county and wester pennsylvania"
the history of fond du lac county, wisconsin - free
"containing a history of fond du lac county, its early settlement, growth, development, resources, etc., an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools, societies, etc., war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers, etc.; also history of wisconsin, constitution of the united states and of wisconsin, condensed abstract of laws of wisconsin, miscellaneous, etc."
history of delaware county and ohio - free
"containing a brief history of the state of ohio, from its earliest settlement to the present time, embracing its topography, geological, physical and climatic features; its agricultural, stock-growing, railroad interests, etc.; a history of delaware county, giving an account of its aboriginal inhabitants, early settlement by the whites, pioneer incidents, its growth, its improvements, organization of the county, its judicial and political history, its business and industries, churches, schools, etc,; biographical sketches; portraits of some of  the early settlers and prominent men, etc."
the history of pettis county, missouri - free
"including an authentic history of sedalia, other towns and townships, etc."
a history of the weald of kent, england - free
"with an outline of the early history of the county in two volumes."
history of henry county, illinois  - free
"it's taxpayers and voters; containing also, a biographical directory, a condensed history of the state; map of the county; a business directory; an abstract of every-day laws; war record of henry county; officers of societies, lodges, etc."

the history of nodaway county, missouri - free
the history of jackson county, iowa - free
an illustrated history of sonoma county, california - free
the history of darke county, ohio - free
history of johnson county, iowa - free
the history of marion county, ohio - free
westchester county in history, new york - free
history of chenango county, new york - free
the illustrated atlas and history of yolo county, california - free
pioneer history of wise county, texas - free
military history of wayne county, new york - free
early history of atlantic county, new jersey - free
history of the county of schuylkill, pennsylvania - free
pioneer history of bandera county, texas - free
our heritage: black history: princess anne county, virginia beach, virginia - free
history of franklin county, pennsylvania - free
history of the county of peterborough, ontario, canada - free
the orange county stud book, new york - free
early lee county, illinois - free
a history of anne arundel county in maryland - free
a history of northumberland, england - free
history of elizabeth, new jersey - free
beard's directory and history of marquette county, michigan - free
history of columbia and montour counties, pennsylvania - free
history of washtenaw county, michigan - free
historic sullivan - free
the history of jones county, iowa - free
the history of carroll county, illinois - free
the history of henry county, iowa - free
the history of union county, ohio - free



while i'm 
  re-building this website from the ground up, you're going to want to look at 
  more data then what we presently have listed. so visit the following websites 
  for access to the greatest amount of available genealogy online. listed by 
  quality first, and then size of collection. feel free to join and use them 
  all!ancestry
  ancestry has long had the largest collection of genealogy data online being an 
  early leader in subscription based genealogy. because of its extensive census 
  images and indices, and its world war 1 draft cards, it has the best 
  collection at this time too. its census images presently cover all available 
  federal us records, and contains extensive census images from canada, uk, 
  scotland, and germany. this is a subscription based service, however you can 
  access the databases for the next 14 days for free by using their free trial 
  at ancestry offer. 
  


  free trial - ancestry world deluxe membership


copyright © 1995-2013 genealogy gateway
home - faq - contact





