









whittier health network | rehabilitation hospitals, nursing homes, ltac & irf in ma

































































































facebook




instagram


rehabilitation hospitals

bradford rehabilitation hospital

jobs @ bradford
inpatient rehabilitation
outpatient rehabilitation
patient testimonials
bradford team
bradford news
patient and family advisory council
directions to bradford
contact bradford


westborough rehabilitation hospital

jobs @ westborough
westborough events calendar
inpatient rehabilitation
outpatient rehabilitation
patient testimonials
westborough team
westborough news
patient and family advisory council
directions to westborough
contact westborough


refer a patient


transitional care units

refer a patient


skilled nursing facilities

hannah duston, haverhill

jobs @ hannah duston
transitional care unit
patient testimonials
hannah duston team
hannah duston news
directions to hannah duston
contact hannah duston


masconomet, topsfield

jobs @ masconomet
patient testimonials
masconomet team
masconomet news
directions to masconomet
contact masconomet


nemasket, middleborough

jobs @ nemasket
patient testimonials
nemasket team
nemasket news
directions to nemasket
contact nemasket


oak knoll, framingham

jobs @ oak knoll
patient testimonials
oak knoll team
oak knoll news
directions to oak knoll
contact oak knoll


port, newburyport

jobs @ port
patient testimonials
port team
port news
directions to port
contact port


sippican, marion

jobs @ sippican
patient testimonials
sippican team
sippican news
directions to sippican
contact sippican




testimonials
visitation
 












home
about us

our team

rehabilitation hospital team
skilled nursing facility team


rehabilitation services

aquatic therapy
inpatient acute rehabilitation facilities (irfs)
long-term acute care (ltac/ltach)
occupational therapy
outpatient neurology rehabilitation program
outpatient services at whittier
physical therapy
prosthetics & orthotics
pulmonary rehabilitation therapy
speech therapy
ventilator weaning
the wound care center at whittier


frequently asked questions
refer a patient


work @ whittier

search available jobs


advice from our experts

continuing education library


events
news
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 













comprehensiverehabilitation,since 1982
at whittier, we take great pride in our commitment to total patient care. our acute rehab & transitional care help thousands of patients return home after injury or illness.
learn more








outpatientrehabilitationprograms
whittier’s outpatient clinics offer one-on-one therapy, convenient hours, and prompt evaluations. our care includes pt, ot, speech and aquatic therapy.
refer a patient








rapid
patient
recovery
our pt, ot, speech therapy and state-of-the-art medical technology help you recover, and help you get back home and back to your life as quickly as possible.
refer a patient








your ptcareer atwhittier
whittier offers physical therapists many opportunities to grow their careers and to gain both all-around and specialized professional experience.
join our pt team








we welcomenew nursinggraduates!
nursing grads are welcomed at whittier – start your nursing career with us or begin as a cna. we will help you get all the training and ceus you need to advance.
find a career in nursing








skilled nursing& short-termrehabilitation
our six skilled nursing facilities throughout massachusetts offer individualized healthcare and family values, opening the doorways to functional and fulfilling lifestyles.
admission guidelines

















long-term acute care (ltac)
our hospitals in bradford and westborough help patients who have long-term, complex acute, and chronic medical needs.









acute rehabilitation
our hospitals in bradford and westborough provide a wide array of intense rehabilitation services to facilitate independence and a safe discharge back to your home and community.









transitional care units
state-of-the-art transitional care units facilities offer short term rehabilitation for patients needing post operative care to recover and return back home.











skilled nursing facilities
our interdisciplinary team of professionals develop individual programs of rehabilitation for short-term patients as well as restorative care for long-term residents.








outpatient services
our highly trained rehabilitation staff in bradford and westborough offers hospital-based one-on-one therapy along with a wide range of specialized clinics and services.













our mission
the mission of whittier health network is to provide a continuum of high quality, comprehensive, medical care services to all of our patients and residents in a warm, compassionate, “family” care setting.
our specialized healthcare network is composed of two acute rehabilitation hospitals, subacute rehabilitation and long-term care / skilled nursing facilities (nursing homes), transitional care services, and outpatient services.
at whittier, our goal is to make sure our patients and residents have the freedom to make the choices that are important to them and their families.








%
employees committed to patient safety and satisfaction





%
number of employees with greater than 10 years of commitment to whittier health network





%
patients that would return to us for their rehabilitation and medical care





%
number of patients whose goals and expectations have been met or exceeded








founded by family
since 1982, our family-owned healthcare organization continues to provide quality care of the highest caliber.
dr. alfred l. arcidi founded whittier health network with a vision of a healthcare delivery system, incorporating traditional family values in everyday practices. the guiding principle behind all of our care at whittier is to treat patients as if they are family members.
at whittier, each patient is treated with compassion, dignity & respect. our tradition of caring helps us to provide comprehensive services to thousands of patients while meeting their individualized needs with sensitivity and compassion.
we truly take a family approach to your rehabilitation.

read more about us

















i’ve been with whittier for awhile. my therapist sandy kiley is amazing! knowledgeable, professional and compassionate! my ot lindsey is also great.

whittier rehabilitation hospital bradford patient testimonial⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ "i've been with whittier for awhile. my therapist sandy kiley is amazing! knowledgeable, professional and compassionate! my ot lindsey is also great. she's not afraid to challenge me while really...




i had a wonderful rehab everyone was very kind it felt more like i was in a hotel everyone was very attentive the food was delicious the pt/ot people were the best…

whittier rehabilitation hospital westborough patient testimonial ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ "i had a wonderful rehab everyone was very kind it felt more like i was in a hotel everyone was very attentive the food was delicious the pt/ot people were the best didn't feel rushed or pressured...




everyone is very pleasant. the appointments run in a timely manner. and all of my questions have always been answered. i never feel rushed.

whittier rehabilitation hospital westborough patient testimonial ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ "i have never had a bad experience at whittier rehab. everyone is very pleasant. the appointments run in a timely manner. and all of my questions have always been answered. i never feel rushed....




their thoughtfulness relative to resident-centered medical care, excellent meal quality, activities, soclializing and special events is outstanding. port is a special place and we commend the administration for its commitment to high quality care for older adults.

port healthcare center patient testimonial⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “my dad has been a resident at port healthcare for a year now, and i am grateful every day for the care he receives. initially his transition was difficult for all of us, however, he is settled and the staff could not be...




thank you to all the people at whittier acute care. you all really made a difference with my mom’s first days out of the hospital and starting to move and gain strength.

whittier rehabilitation hospital westborough patient testimonial ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ "thank you to all the people at whittier acute care. you all really made a difference with my mom’s first days out of the hospital and starting to move and gain strength. at 95 years old it’s a...




the staff was exceptional. when the call bell was hit someone came as soon as they could. they treated me as a person & not a nobody.

whittier rehabilitation hospital bradford patient testimonial⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ "the staff was exceptional. when the call bell was hit someone came as soon as they could. they treated me as a person & not a nobody. my therapists were extremely pleasant & quite caring. they...



« older entries




read our patient testimonials







contact us





 
 
we love to hear from our community and are happy to assist in your healthcare needs.
this form is not for medical questions.
 
if at any time you have urgent medical questions, please contact your primary physician, call 911 or go to your local emergency room. we cannot diagnose or treat by e-mail. providing personal health information through this web site is not secure over the internet so please do not share personal information. if you wish to receive care from our team, please contact your primary care physician for a referral.
 









select facility

select facilitywhittier rehabilitation hospital, bradfordwhittier rehabilitation hospital, westboroughhannah duston healthcare centermasconomet healthcare centernemasket healthcare centeroak knoll healthcare centerport healthcare centersippican healthcare centerwhittier bradford transitional care unitwhittier westborough transitional care unithannah duston transitional care unitpress inquiries


first name


last name


email address


phone number


message




send us a message







 







get in touch central admissions
(800) 442-1717
whittier rehabilitation hospital bradford
(978) 372-8000
outpatient (978) 469-1425
whittier bradford
transitional care unit
(978) 478-3888
whittier rehabilitation hospital westborough
(508) 870-2222
outpatient (508) 871-2077
whittier westborough
transitional care unit
(508) 870-2222


skilled nursing facilities hannah duston healthcare center
(978) 373-1747
masconomet healthcare center
(978) 887-7002
nemasket healthcare center
(508) 947-8632
oak knoll healthcare center
(508) 877-3300
port healthcare center
(978) 462-7373
sippican healthcare center
(508) 748-3830


resourcesrehabilitation services
refer a patient
outpatient pre-admission (pdf)
patient rights & responsibilities (pdf)
snf admission criteria
accepted insurances
privacy practices (pdf)
pricing transparency
continuing education library
complete rehabilitation services brochure (pdf)
   


sign up for our newsletter

 



interested in working at whittier? view our careers >
 



© copyright 2025, whittier health network. all rights reserved. 






 






 

































