



institute for biblical and scientific studies








































 institute for biblical 
& scientific studies


subscribe to our free monthly newsletter.
more information










 
 




site map | contacts 
          | links | newsletter 
          |  










 




 featured products in the ancientreplicas
             shop* 
ibss shop
ibss store




            coins of the bible replicas  




            oil lamp replicas 





            aaron's breastplate stones and replicas 
           




            urim and thummim replicas  



*phone/special 
            orders 









the bible history exhibits is now closed!




although the exhibits are closed you can see them on youtube!
 part 1 genesis through exodus 
 part 2 joshua to the end of the ot 
 part 3 greeks, dss, new testament 
 part 4 crucifixion, church history to reformation 
 part 5 church history to egypt


explore the great archaeological discoveries that illuminate the bible on youtube.

click for    details








    
dead sea scrolls



explore the great archaeological discoveries that illuminate the bible on youtube.

more info







 
pergamos, turkey



biblical arachaeology
old testamet & new testament discoveries


explore the great archaeological discoveries that illuminate the bible.

click for details
 



 
fermi lab, outside chicago



bible and science
does the bible agree with science? 


is the bible a science book? does the bible and science conflict? come & find out!

more info
 



 
blue mosque, istanbul



relgions & cults
what does islam and buddhism teach?


get an overview of the different world religions and cults!

find out more!
 



 
masada, israel



free bible courses online
for those who want an in-depth look at the bible!


 no time to go away to   bible college or can't afford the costs. these courses are for you!

find out more!



 
 

 





online learning courses: two year bible program
free online learning courses: old testament survey, new testament survey, church history and other courses. high school and college level. great for homeschooling and classrooms. no time to go away to bible college or can't afford the costs. this program is for you. click link above for more information.
 


 
step pyramid, egypt



archaeological evidence for the exodus!
when did the israelites exit from egypt?


a look at the archaeological evidence for the exodus from egypt.

click for details
 



 
mt. st. helens



how old is the earth?
is it young or old?


a look at the scientific evidence for the age of the earth!

more info
 



 
field museum, chicago



are dinosaurs mentioned in the bible?
a look at what the bible says!


what are the behemoth and leviathan mentioned in the bible?

find out more!
 




nasa/jpl-caltech



star of bethlehem
what was the star of bethlehem


a look at the different theories for the star of bethlehem.

find out more!
 




 
 


 
blue mosque, istanbul



religions & cults
what do mormons and jehovah witnesses teach?


get an overview of the different world religions and cults!

click for details
 



 
jerusalem



islam
what does islam teach?


learn the key differences between islam & christianity!

more info
 



 
philadelphia



cults & beliefs
what do the cults teach?


learn how the cults differ with christianity!

find out more!
 



 
buddhist temple, philadelphia



buddhism
what does buddhism teach?


learn the differences and similarities between buddhism & christianity!

find out more!
 




 
our mission
the institute for biblical and scientific studies is a non-profit, tax-exempt organization interested in the areas of thebible and science. the goals of 
        the institute are to educate people about the bible, to educate people about science, and to continually research 
        the bible and science. the president of our institute is dr. 
        stephen c. meyers. former president dr. 
        arlton c. murray  went to be with the lord december 2006. more information is available about our board 
        members, the doctrine of the institute, and our financial reports.


home | news 
          | the bible | the 
          bible & science | biblical archaeology 
          | history | legends 
          and mysteries | other views | languages 
          | visual tours | homeschool 
          resources | christian counseling 
updated:


webmaster: info@bibleandscience.com 
          







