

computer training classes in los angeles providing classes in microsoft word, excel, powerpoint, access, outlook, windows, quickbooks desktop, quickbooks online, a+ computer repair, word, dreamweaver, flash, photoshop, illustrator, a+ certification, computer graphic design, web site design, maya, animation, apple mac, imac, computerized accounting. computer school in los angeles, beverly hills, california, down town los angeles, downtown, inglewood, westchester, culver city, marina del rey, hollywood, west hollywood, glendale, pasadena, west la, santa monica, graphics, qucikbooks classes, computer repair a+ certification, course in california courses school schools resume






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
welcome
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
computer training school in los angeles 
  providing classes in microsoft word excel powerpoint access outlook windows 
  quickbooks pro computer repair comptia a+ certification adobe dreamweaver 
  flash quarkxpress photoshop illustrator indesign  beverly hills california culver city 
  marina del rey hollywood glendale pasadena west la santa monica graphics  
  classes computer repair a+ certification course in california courses school 
  schools resume computer school in los angeles computer courses in los angeles 
computer seminar in los angeles
graphic design certificate 
  programs 
quarkxpress

 we offer classes in quarkxpress in los angeles, santa 
    monica, beverly hills, marina del rey. this programs is a graphics layout 
    program. it allows the user to create flyers, newsletters, brochures, and 
    magazines. it is primarily used by publishing and typesetting companies.

adobe photoshop

this is a graphics program which allows the user to 
    manipulate photos. you can scan photos into photoshop. you can edit photos 
    such as changing the color of items or erasing items. photshop can be used 
    to create graphics to be placed in internet web sites. this class is offered 
    in our computer training center in beverly hills area.

adobe 
  illustrator

this program allows the user to create illustrations 
    on the computer. these illustrations can be used standalone or transferred 
    to a layout program like quarkxpress.

adobe 
  pagemaker

we offer classes in in los angeles, santa monica, beverly 
    hills, marina del rey. this is a graphics program which allows the user to 
    manipulate photos. you can scan photos into photoshop. you can edit photos 
    such as changing the color of items or erasing items. photshop can be used 
    to create graphics to be placed in internet web sites.
adobe indesign 
home 
    - class hours 



  which software program will help you advance at your job? 
  

it is a well known fact that in order to qualify for 
  the majority of job openings, you must have some computer experience. the question 
  is what do some of these computer programs do, and which one is used for what 
  jobs.

microsoft 
  word
microsoft word is a word processing program which allows 
  the user to write letters, documents, reports and create flyers.
microsoft 
  excel learn excel
microsoft excel is a spreadsheet program that is used 
  for creating any kind of document where numbers and calculations are involved. 
  microsoft excel works in a table format. you can use these programs to create 
  lists, invoices and financial statements. some people may use this program to 
  keep inventory or create invoices.
microsoft 
  powerpoint
microsoft powerpoint is a presentation application. it 
  allows the user to create presentations, slides, overheads, handouts, organizational 
  charts, etc.
microsoft 
  outlook
microsoft outlook is included in microsoft office.  
  it allows you to manage contacts, schedule appointment, manage notes, and it 
  works like a personal organizer.
microsoft 
  access
microsoft access is a database program and is used for 
  filing. it allows you to keep lists and perform queries on data. an example 
  of a query is a client list or mailing labels according to a particular zip 
  code.
advanced quickbooks 
  pro training
quickbooks pro is a accounting program. it allows the 
  user to write and print checks, create profit and loss reports, keep track of 
  income and expenses, accounts payable and receivable, inventory, payroll, purchase 
  orders and more.

quickbooks is a personal check writing/printing and accounting 
  program. it allows the user to write and print checks, create profit and loss 
  reports, keep track of income and expenses as well as accounts payable and receivable.
microsoft 
  windows
microsoft windows is an operating system with graphical 
  user interface (gui). by learning windows you will be able to organize and manage 
  your computer.
apple mac
apple mac is a computer that is similar in operation 
  to computers with windows. the apple mac is most widely used desktop publishing 
  and graphic design.
the 
  internet
you can use the internet to search libraries of data. 
  you also create your own web page to advertise and promote products or services 
  that you provide. the language in which web sites are created is the html (hypertext 
  markup language).
adobe indesign 
class hours 
  - home page


microsoft word
microsoft excel
microsoft powerpoint
microsoft outlook


microsoft access
quickbooks pro
quickbooks
microsoft windows


apple mac
internet
learn excel
 


 

 
maya 
  animation classes
hands on computer training class in 
  maya animation i n los angeles, 
  california 
maya 
  is one the most widely used animation programs in the world.
learn 
  maya
adobe indesign 
web 
  design certificate programs 
adobe dreamweaver

dreamweaver is an ideal tool for web site design. you 
    can use this innovative software to create web sites visually and create the 
    most advanced features possible on the web. dreamweaver is a text editor for 
    html & javascript to make web design easier. students will use dreamweaver 
    to make their own web pages and site.

adobe 
  flash

use flash to create brilliant and interactive animated 
    web sites that attract and engage visitors to your web site. 

adobe photoshop

this is a graphics program which allows the user to 
    manipulate photos. you can scan photos into photoshop. you can edit photos 
    such as changing the color of items or erasing items. photshop can be used 
    to create graphics to be placed in internet web sites.

adobe 
  illustrator 

this program allows the user to create illustrations 
    on the computer. these illustrations can be used standalone or transferred 
    to a layout program like quarkxpress.


home 
    - class hours

web design web 
  site design class graphic design adobe indesign 
home about 
  office about web
repair graphics
accounting word apple mac
maya
web site design
graphic design apple mac
microsoft 
  word 1 - excel 
  1 - powerpoint 1  - 
  windows 1 - access 
  1  - quickbooks pro 1
microsoft 
  word2 - excel 
  2 - powerpoint 
  2  - windows 
  2 - access 
  2  - quickbooks 2 adobe indesign 
quarkxpress 
  2  - photoshop 
  2 - illustrator 2 
  - dreamweaver 
  2  - flash 2 word apple mac
microsoft 
  word 3 - excel 
  3 - powerpoint 
  3  - windows 
  3 - access 
  3  - quickbooks pro 3
quarkxpress 
  4  - photoshop 
  4 - illustrator 
  4 - dreamweaver 
  4  - flash 4 frontpage - apple apple mac
microsoft 
  word 5 - exce 
  5 - powerpoint 5  - 
  windows 5 - access 
  5  - quickbooks pro 5
quarkxpress 
  5  - photoshop 
  5  - illustrator 
  5 - dreamweaver 
  5 - flash 5 frontpage
animation
maya frontpage adobe indesign 
microsoft 
  word 6 - exce 6 - powerpoint 
  6  - windows 6 - access 
  6  - quickbooks 6
graphic 
  design 1 web site 
  design 1 microsoft 
  office word
access apple apple mac
graphic 
  design 2-2 web 
  site design 2 access
graphic 
  design 3 web site 
  design 3 word
access
graphic design los angeles
maya 
  animation frontpage apple apple mac
animation
wed design los angeles
adobe indesign apple mac 
computer training classes



