








airport lei greetings - oahu, maui, kauai & kona on hawaii island











































lei greeting 
toll free: 800-665-7959
contact
about

about leigreeting.com
customer reviews
faqs
lei history


blog

airport greetings

oahu lei greetings
maui lei greetings
kauai lei greetings
hawaii island lei greetings


transportation
destination weddings
lei & gift delivery



start your vacation
with aloha!




book online
and get 10% off!
use promo code: online10
select your arrival island:
oahu maui kauai hawaii


make your hawaiian vacation special from the moment you step off the plane!
experience true hawaiian hospitality as you are greeted with a fresh flower lei and a warm “aloha!” an airport lei greeting sets the tone for your entire hawaiian vacation. it’s a tradition you won’t want to miss!


classic orchid
lei greeting
book now:
oahu maui
kauai hawaii island

leigreeting.com, a hawaii flower lei company, has been hawaii’s most trusted airport lei greeting company since 2001. you’ll feel like you have a friend in the islands as you are offered assistance to baggage claim or directions to your connecting inter-island flight. arrange your traditional airport lei greeting for arrival on oahu, maui, kauai, or hawaii island now!
delivering aloha!
we also deliver fresh leis, flowers, and gifts to your hawaii hotel or residence. have a special hawaiian care package delivered for your arrival! we make it easy to pre-arrange lei delivery for your special event, night on the town, anniversary, or just for fun while you’re visiting the islands.
planning a destination wedding in hawaii?
order your leis, bouquet, and flowers now and check it off your list! we’ll make sure your flowers arrive fresh and on-time, guaranteed.




everyone loves a lei greeting!



why choose leigreeting.com?
service · quality · reliability
"aloha.  i just wanted to let you know how pleased we were with our lei greeting!  my daughters were thrilled.  and seeing them so happy was well worth it.  our flight was delayed due to a plane malfunction and i forgot to call and we were still greeted by a smiling lovely young lady.  she made our day!  thank you again!"nancy, illinois"aloha! we very much enjoyed our lei greeting. it was even better than expected and made our arrival (after a long flight) fantastic, as well as set the mood for our entire wonderful wedding/honeymoon/vacation. thank you so much!"jason & krystle, louisville, ky"my husband and i loved our lei greeting!! i had forgotten that i'd ordered it after the long plane ride and then there was our greeter!!!! the leis were too amazing! and, folks at baggage claim were so jealous! we enjoyed them for several weeks."stacy & cindy, atlanta, ga"i just wanted to comment on how fabulous your service is. your leis were beautiful and your staff was friendly and very welcoming! it was worth every penny! i will recommend your service to all of my friends when they go to hawaii. everyone should be able to enjoy this wonderful hawaiian tradition. mahalo."gerri, california


get started… learn more
oahu greetings maui greetings kauai greetings hawaii island greetings

or call toll-free: 800-665-7959
 









order now
oahu airport lei greetings
maui airport lei greetings
kauai airport lei greetings
hawaii airport island lei greetings
destination weddings leis
airport transportation
lei & gift delivery

lei greeting info
about leigreeting.com
customer reviews
faqs
lei history
blog
contact us

 
toll-free: 800-665-7959


facebookinstagrampinteresttwitteryoutube

check out leigreeting on yelp 
 

copyright © 2025 hawaii flower lei | all rights reserved | site design by hotpixels.com | site map | privacy | affiliate program  







