







the oakland house







































































































              home
            

              cottages
            

            the inn
          

            acorn guest house
          

            dining
          

            weddings & events
          

            history
          

            activities
          

            contact us
          

        book now!
      





















































































homecottagesthe innacorn guest housediningweddings & eventshistoryactivitiescontact usbook now!


















scroll








a historic seaside resort on penobscot bayspecializing in picture-perfect maine getaways for serenity seekers and adventurers alikethe oakland house is a resort colony of vintage cottages, a communal guest house and 135-year old inn on 60 acres on eggemoggin reach, overlooking picturesque pumpkin island to the right and the iconic deer isle bridge to the left.  we offer a restorative haven for guests in search of breathtaking sunrises and sunsets, hikes to gorgeous overlooks, cozy nights by the fireplace and silence disturbed only by the call of loons in the nighttime.   we’re also ideal for restless nature-lovers who come to paddle, hike, bike, fish, sail and explore acadia national park.   maine = vacation, however you define it, and the oakland house is at your service.




    book your stay
  

 
































































































































































































































































 











































































 

 cottages



acorn guest house



activities



weddings & events





































each of our eight cottages has its own personal charm.  some sit right on the shoreline, others perch overlooking the reach, two are dog-friendly, birches and grindstone, and all have cozy granite fireplaces with vintage maine appointments.      

 

the acorn guest house has a following all its own, perfect for families and communal retreats.  the broad porch overlooking the lawns and gardens are especially welcoming, and the well-appointed full kitchen encourages home cooking. six private bedrooms, two bathrooms, and upstairs library.     



private beaches, onsite hiking trails, equipment rental and our experienced concierge team to assist with all sorts of arrangements make an adventurous maine vacation a possibility. seasonal access to nearby walker pond possible. 



the oakland house has a long tradition of weddings by the sea, either under the oak groves of cathedral field or in a traditional event tent on the great lawn.   the barnacle, our large barn with a granite fireplace and high rafters, provides another gathering place. family reunions, writer’s retreats, artist’s colonies, we have options for all sorts of special occasions.   

 
















home page












hours




oakland house 2025 policiescottage policiesacorn guest house policypet policy




2018 all rights reserved / oakland house seaside inn & cottages435 herrick road, herricks landing, brooksville, maine 04617 / 207-359-8521












































