





california polo club – los angeles, ca — learn to play polo





























california polo club - los angeles, calearn to play polo
home
about cpc

about cpc
welcome
facility
membership
club history
contact us


news
polo school

learn to play polo!
polo school
polo instructors
general release forms


polo schedule

polo schedule
club calendar
practice chukker sign-up
general release forms


polo 101

fact or fiction?
learn to play polo!
polo anyone?
arena polo
arena polo rules
about the polo pony


sponsors
contact us
welcomethe california polo club (cpc) is your ultimate los angeles polo destination.  conveniently located just fifteen minutes from hollywood, cpc offers members, students and guests the thrill of playing polo that is no longer reserved for only the elite.  the california polo club offers full service horse training and boarding, year round club activities in a dedicated teaching facility with 3 … more
2023 u.s. open arena polo championship
hosted by california polo club
december 9-17, 2023 · 12-16 goal
$100,000 prize money - 
the u.s. open arena polo championship is the most prestigious and the highest level of arena polo sanctioned by the united states polo association. this year cpc is proud to announce that we will be awarding a record$100,000 in prize money. as a result, some of the highest rated polo players from around the world will be competing in this championship tournament.

over the years, cpc has raised thousands of dollars at polo events for charities such as the children’s hospital of los angeles, midnight mission, wounded warriors, and american heart association. this year we are pleased to be supporting a charity that is very close to our polo community: the polo players support group (ppsg). ppsg is a 501(c)3 … read more
news
2023 u.s. open arena polo championshipnew phone tel: 626-629-8193 for california polo club2021 u.s. open arena polo championship teams and schedulemore posts from this category
learn to play polo!
polo is the fastest team sport in the world and has no parallel in adrenaline and excitement.  you may find yourself drawn to the speed and challenge of polo or to the experience of combining your … more
our facility
the facilities at california polo club are among the best in the united states:

 	regulation-size arena with wooden sideboards and ten foot fencing
 	stadium lighting
 	viewing deck and bleacher … more
action at cpc …


follow us …
facebookinstagramtwitter
contact information
california polo club 
11035 osborne street 
los angeles, california 91342
tel: 626-629-8193 
email: californiapoloclub@gmail.com


release forms
click here to view the player release forms.
news
photo gallery
contact us
 copyright © 2025  · designed by digital west media, inc.  · log in


