









meyer foundation: rooted in humanity






























































search for:








current grantee portal
 

what we do

overview
our strategy


how we partner

core grantmaking
capacity building
rapid response
the fund for black-led change
communicating about your grant


who we are

our vision
our people
our news


what we’re learning

blog
our publications
stories of change
racial equity toolkit


 





jump to:

about
how to apply
grants database
grantee faqs







we’re co-creating a future where everyone belongs & thrives.
 
 


                                    what we do                                





we support organizations building power toward a racially & economically just greater washington.
 
 


                                    how we partner                                





we apply a systems approach to achieve a just, connected, & inclusive greater washington.
 
 


                                    who we are                                







for 80 years, the meyer foundation has continually evolved to support solutions to the most pressing issues communities in the greater washington region face. the motivation at the root of our work remains constant – a belief in the shared humanity of all our neighbors.













who we are







our mission







the meyer foundation pursues and invests in solutions that build an equitable greater washington community in which economically disadvantaged people thrive.



















our vision





we envision a just, connected, and inclusive greater washington community in which systemic racism and its consequences no longer exist.













our grantmaking


we partner with organizations and projects that build the power of greater washington communities to reimagine, recreate, and reform systems in the pursuit of racial equity and justice.




what we do


















featured grantee partner



amica center for immigrant rights: fighting for the rights, safety, and unity of immigrant communities.



1,500+
children in detention received “know your rights” presentations and legal intakes.


1,000+
adults received services, including “know your rights” presentations, individual consults, and direct legal representation.


350+
clients and their families received social service referrals to support their immigration cases and address their needs.









how we partner





our motivation remains  rooted in humanity.








resources
organizational culture
tools and resources that have helped meyer in our continuous journey to create and embody an inclusive, antiracist climate and culture.
read more







resources
systems change
tools and resources to help understand systems, analyze their impact, and design systemic solutions.
read more







resources
measurement and evaluation
tools for reevaluating evaluation and measurement for movement building and systems change work through an equity lens.
read more













stay up to date



subscribe to our newsletter

















quick links
core grantmaking
careers
our blog
racial equity toolkit
ethicspoint
contact us
 
                © copyright 2025 meyer foundation. all rights reserved. | accessibility





 601 13th st nw
12th floor
washington, dc 20005

 












