



virtual anesthesia machine

































 
 
 

















 
 anesthesia machine
pharmacokinetic simulations

              airway device videos
                simulation portfolio
simulation in healthcare at uf
simulation faculty learning community

volunteer with cssalt
1993 fda pre-use check
pre-use check simulation
apsf workbook

                    international pre-use checks

                      publications
services available
                      simulation learning objects
                      transparent reality


              public relations
                revision history

                    site map
our mission statement
                      awards
links

view our channel!


the simulations on the vam simulation portfolio use the adobe shockwave plug-in which most web browsers no longer support.
the simulations work on the following operating systems and browsers:
          windows: firefox or ie11
		  macos sierra: firefox or safari
we are seeking funding to recreate the simulations with contemporary technology.  until then, we will keep the simulations online as long as the plugin is available.
it has been our privilege providing this patient safety and simulation resource for nearly 20 years to our over 45,000 registered users worldwide.


























content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.









 











sponsors
        
        

















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.






become a sponsor

website updated 11/18/16 



          project director: sem
          lampotang, ph.d., simulation engineer: dave lizdas, bsme
          clinical advisers: nikolaus gravenstein, md, uf college of medicine faculty and members of the international vam network

























 


we comply with the
honcode standard for trustworthy health information. 
            verify here.







about ssl certificates







original graphics,html code, animations, & 
    logos © the university of florida. 
    anaesthesia machine and anaesthesiology photos, unless otherwise noted are © 
    the university of florida or the photographer. all rights reserved. 
    none of the anaesthesia information on this website should be considered a substitute 
    to medical consultation.
    in accordance with university of florida policy, 
    there is no advertising on this site.
    this site complies with the university of florida's internet 
    privacy policy.
        terms of use 















