




canine caviar pet foods inc. - adding life to life































































 













×

        when purchasing canine caviar products online, please ensure that the retailer is an authorized canine caviar dealer. if the retailer is not authorized, we cannot guarantee the quality or safety of the food. to protect your pet's health, always buy from trusted sources that are officially recognized by canine caviar. if you have any questions, please contact our office for assistance.        













our story
products
education
faq
 
find a store









home
our story
products
education
faq
regions
   
 











adding lifeto life      
find a store





choose, live and feed alkaline holistic food
provide your dog with the happiest, healthiest and longest life possible








proper ph balance







holistic food







highest digestibility







allergen free







easy transition








let them live long and strong
balance your dogs ph levels with an alkaline based diet which:

reduces aging
minimizes cellular degeneration and collagen depletion
helps to put more oxygen in the cells

learn benefits





canine caviar utilizes either (peas, chickpeas, brown rice, quinoa, or pearl millet) depending on the diet and added taurine
      for heart health and thus poses no risk for dcm. read more.




we value our customers. read their reviews.


★★★★★
canine caviar is recommended by 140,589 customers worldwide



"my sweet puppy went through 18 months of misery before i found your caviar holistic food. she is alergic to almost everything in all other foods. it made a huge change in her health after i started her on this food."    
jane smith
read reviews






allergen free.no hotspots.no irritation.
animal protein sourced from a free range environment.
no chemical perservatives, by-products, gmos, bha, bht and ethoxyquin.
learn benefits





limited ingredients.single protein. single carbohydrate.



the fewer the ingredients, the highter the digestibility and less stress on the digestive system.
a dog in the wild would not save meat from one day's catch to mix with another day's.
our formulas mimic what and how your pet would eat in nature.

learn benefits















×

cookie notice


we use cookies to ensure that our website is as easy to use as possible. if you continue browsing our website, we assume that you agree to the use of cookies.


accept
reject






×
get the best experience
change to your country's website for localised options and currencies.        please note: changing countries will empty any potential carts.
change region
stay on current site
view regions














 (714) 223-1800            

 info@caninecaviar.com            



companyabout us
contact us
reviews
privacy policy
accessibility
regions
brand guide

educationeducation
before and after
feeding calculator
blog
faq
videos

shopproducts
store locator
feline caviar

wholesaleour team
contact us






©1996 - 2025 canine caviar pet foods, inc. - all rights reserved


      follow us: 







 






























