welcome to processing! / processing.orgprocessing foundationprocessingp5.jsprocessing androidprocessing pythonprocessinghomedownloaddocumentationreferenceenvironmentlibrariestoolslearntutorialsexamplesbooksforumaboutoverviewpeopleprivacydonateexamplesmore examplesgetting starteddownload and open the 'processing' application. select something from the examples. hit the run button. lather, rinse, repeat as necessary. more information on using processing itself is can be found in the environment section of the reference. to learn the processing language, we recommend you try a few of the built-in examples, and check out the reference. a group of diverse books have been written to help people with different goals and skill levels.getting started tutorialdon’t know where to get started? read this tutorial, which will guide you through the basics of processingread tutorialcheck out the referencefind further documentation of the processing languagego to referenceget the softwarethe processing development environment makes it easy to write processing programs. it’s free and open source!download processinghave more questions?join the conversations on the forum to share and learn.visit forumprocessing 4 is out!processing 4 introduces major improvements behind the scenes, with the primary goal to keep your code running smoothly on the latest hardware and operating systems.if you are still using processing 3 or a processing 4 beta, we strongly encourage you to switch to processing 4 to get the best performance, compatibility, and support in the future.read the blog postcontributethe core processing software is augmented by libraries and tools contributed through the community. these inventive extensions are a bright future for the project. we have a list of contributed libraries and contributed tools posted online. these contributions can't be underestimated.to contribute to processing development, please visit processing on github to read instructions for downloading the code, building from the source, reporting and tracking bugs,  creating libraries and tools.processing on githubsee what others are makingopenprocessingfor your processingcreative applicationsprocessing subredditvimeostudio sketchpadpartnersfathom information designucla design media artsdesign systems internationalcontact usfeel free to write us!hello@processing.orggithubblueskymastodoninstagramfacebookmediumprocessing is an open project initiated by ben fry and casey reas. it is developed by a team of contributors around the world.