



freecell - the popular solitaire card game


















freecell.org - the solitaire card game information site


home
download freecell
online freecell

more games 

pretty good solitaire
freecell plus
goodsol free solitaire
play freecell online

freecell.org
about us
contact us










freecell
freecell is the enormously popular solitaire game included with windows.  because all cards are visible 
       at the start of the game, it is almost entirely a game of skill.  almost all freecell positions can be won. 
       the most notable exception is the game #11982 in microsoft freecell and 
       pretty good solitaire.
 download freecell for windows or mac now

in the video below, i show how to play freecell using the game pretty good solitaire on windows.


the rules of freecell can be learned in just a few minutes.  it will take longer, however, to learn how to play well.  some players have played
		hundreds of thousands of games of freecell. it is possible to never lose unless you come upon a very rare unsolvable game.  the key is to simply
		never give up. if you get stuck, undo your moves and start again.  with pretty good solitaire, it is 
		possible to undo all of your moves, not just one.
learn more about freecell rules »

freecell was invented in the early 1980s by paul alfille on the plato educational computer system at the university of illinois.  a intern at
       microsoft, jim horne, then wrote a version of the game for windows in 1990 that was eventually included in windows 95.  since then the game
       has exploded in popularity, becoming one of the most popular solitaire games.
 5 facts about freecell you probably don't know

 download freecell now


download freecell and over 1000 other solitaire games for windows 10!

all downloads below work in windows 10!





pretty good solitaire
pretty good solitaire is the best way
           to play freecell.  it contains freecell and more than 50 other solitaire games similar to freecell, such
           sea towers, penguin, eight off, double freecell, freecell duplex, and many, many more.  over 1000 solitaire
	games total.

for windows 10, windows 7, or windows 8/8.1 or macos or ipad.

 download now for windows/mac





freecell plus
freecell plus is freecell the way it ought to be.
          like pretty good solitaire, its game numbers
          are compatible with windows freecell.  undo any move or all your moves or play in climb mode from game #1 on up.

for windows 10, windows 7, or windows 8/8.1 or macos or ipad.

 download now for windows/mac

for ipad

			freecell plus for ipad is only 99 cents!
			






goodsol free solitaire
play freecell and 11 other games for free in goodsol free solitaire, a freeware 
          download for windows.  you can play game numbers from 1 to 11982.  
          all except the last one are winnable!
for windows 10, windows 7, or windows 8/8.1 only.
 download now for windows









play freecell online
play freecell for free online.

play freecell online »

play pretty good freecell online at goodsol.com


freecell sites of interest
michael keller's information site about freecell lists solutions to games in microsoft freecell, 
       the history of freecell, and much more.

freecell information site main page
includes the index to the catalog of solutions to deals in microsoft freecell and 
pretty good solitaire.
freecell faq
michael keller's freecell frequently asked questions about freecell
list of difficult deals in microsoft freecell 
			and pretty good solitaire
a freecell tutorial

top scores for freecell in pretty good solitaire

freecell in wikipedia

solutions to the first 1,000,000 freecell deals





last updated: july 3, 2020
		this site is copyright ©1999-2020 goodsol development inc. all rights reserved.







 

















