







home - african american museum, dallas






































































		skip to content








 





main menu
 


homemenu toggle

plan your visit history team memberships archival collections hall of negro life
our foundermenu toggle

2024 founders’ ball celebration photos
eventsmenu toggle

dallas mavericks black history contest african american read in dallas texas black history uncensored texas black sports hall of fame freedom schools scott joplin chamber orchestra of houston concert verizon self love event
exhibitsmenu toggle

virtual tour ongoing exhibits current exhibits upcoming exhibits past exhibits
programsmenu toggle

lectures and programsmenu toggle

south dallas children’s choir young professionals council sankofa youth theatre the science of art summer camp 
 educational programsmenu toggle

freedom schools the science of art summer camp 

rentalsmenu toggle

rental information rental request form contact information
supportmenu toggle

donate volunteers partners buy merchandise equity, diversity and inclusion policy
field trips & tourscontact 
donate 


 
 







 















welcome 




					the african american museum is the only one of its kind in the southwestern region devoted to the preservation and display of african american artistic, cultural and historical materials. it has one of the largest african american folk art collections in the us.				





plan your visit






















 




						+1 (214) 565-9026					














 




						info@aamdallas.org					














 




						3536 grand avenue, dallas, tx					



















the african american museum of dallas is a beacon of culture, history, and art dedicated to preserving and celebrating the rich heritage of african americans. founded in 1974 by dr. harry robinson, jr., the museum is the only institution of its kind in the southwestern united states. it houses one of the most extensive collections of african american art, artifacts, and historical archives, offering visitors an immersive journey through the contributions and experiences of african americans. located in the heart of dallas, the museum serves as a vibrant hub for education, community engagement, and cultural enrichment through dynamic exhibitions, programs, and events that inspire and inform. whether you’re exploring the past or envisioning the future, the african american museum of dallas is where history and culture come to life. 




 



















ongoing exhibits 







learn more















 











 










current exhibits 







learn more



















what happens here 

















 




						exhibitions					


						the museum combines the research of its world-renowned staff with its award-winning design expertise to create high-quality exhibitions and events.					









learn more














 




						virtual visits					


						bring the museum straight into your classroom through an interactive live video broadcast featuring museum scientists and their researches.					









learn more














 




						educational programs					


						explore museum exhibitions, engage in hands-on activities, and bring exciting new resources and practices back to your classroom.					









learn more


















 




						field trips & tours					


						make field trip planning easy using our pricing and registration tools. bring curricular concepts to life through immersive field trip programs.					









learn more














 




						lectures & programs					


						we offer a variety of  lectures and public presentations that bring african american history, art, and culture to life!					









learn more














 




						rentals					


						patrons are encouraged to rent one of a plethora of areas inside our museum including theaters, classrooms, solariums, garden walkways, atriums, and galleries with restrictions.					









learn more


















meet the people who make it happen 

















 




						our team					


						make field trip planning easy using our pricing and registration tools. bring curricular concepts to life through immersive field trip programs.					









learn more














 




						volunteers					


						want to get involved? see our current list of volunteer positions. select the title of a position that interests you to view the full description, then apply online.					









learn more














 




						partners					


						the museum partners in innovative ways with other museums, universities and schools to create lasting impact on teaching and learning.					









learn more



















our sponsors 





 

 

 








see full list



















 







support our mission with a purchase on art for your cause 



shop our online collection with exclusive items made with imagery from our museum collections. wear, decorate, or gift african american art and heritage while supporting our mission and programs.  






shop today


















 








							copyright © 2025 african american museum, dallas 

							powered by african american museum, dallas 
 







scroll to top




































