    natural health coalition   





































         +         home
about
contact us
      











 








6 things to do in hong kong this autumn




october 16, 2019


0 comments


health coalition






 
backstreet boys dna world tour
source: backstreet boys
prepare for some 90s nostalgia and head back to macau to catch the backstreet boys on the road for their largest world tour in 18 years. don’t miss your chance to relive more than 20 years of smash hits including quit playing games with my heart, i want it that way and incomplete!
when: october 19 (sat), 8pm
where: cotai arena, the venetian, macau
price: from $688. tickets available online
marco polo german bierfest 2019 (cancelled)
source: the marco polo german bierfest
october’s here, and you know what that means: the marco polo german bierfest is here again! set against backdrop of the spectacular harbour views at marco polo hongkong hotel, the party runs for 11 straight days, featuring performances by german band die notenhobler.
when: october 17-27 (thu-sun), 6-11pm
where: viewing platform, level 6, marco polo hongkong hotel, harbour city, tsim sha tsui
price: sun to thu: adults $160, children $120. fri and sat: adults $280, children $160
rotten head festival (cancelled)
source: rotten head festival
rotten head fest promises to become the most exciting thing to happen to lantau island since the mongol invasion of 1276. featuring 10 hong kong craft breweries, delicious food stalls, a handicraft market and even a dedicated kids’ dance tent, this family-friendly event is undoubtedly going to be one to remember!
when: october 26 (sat), 12-10pm
where: tat tung road park, tat tung road, tung chung
price: adults $300, children $120 and under 12’s go free. tickets available online
pink massage for breast health
source: hong kong breast massage foundation
hong kong breast massage foundation is hosting a fundraising walk on the peak to support international breast massage awareness month. make sure to do your part this year – don’t forget to dress in pink and bring a reusable bottle!
when: october 27 (sun), 8:15am-1pm
where: peak road garden, the peak
price: $350.
asia contemporary art show
source: asia contemporary art show
more than 1,500 pieces of modern art from the world’s most dynamic and promising artists will be on show across 65 different art spaces. featured artists include christophe dénoux from france, who does stunning glass mosaic work, and toshimitsu imai, who was an influential 20th-century avant-grade japanese artist.
when: october 4-7 (fri-mon), times vary
where: conrad hotel, pacific place, admiralty
price: $270. tickets available online
read more: 5 art exhibitions to see in hong kong in october
runitaly (cancelled)
source: supplied
an italian-style family run with an 8km individual run and 1km family run. after the races, participants and the public will be able to celebrate italian-style, with freshly baked goodies, delicious italian wines and exciting live performances to end the afternoon with fun.
when: october 7 (mon)
where: hong kong science and technology park, sha tin
how much: individual run $300, family run $220 per team










top 5 hiking trails in hong kong




august 5, 2017


0 comments


health coalition




1. folding screen buildings
screen-like buildings (photo by brian h.y)
you can get a bird view of tung chung and hong kong international airport near por kai shan. i know the sunset is pretty, but you can view it elsewhere. now let’s focus on the screen-like 50- to 70-storey buildings standing in front of you, which can be found in cities with a high population density.
after the hong kong international airport was relocated from the center of the city to lantau island, the restriction of the height of the buildings was removed. therefore, to fight for a wide angle of sea view on seafront sites, most real estate developers try to grab as much space in the sky as possible. such “wall effect” not only hides the beautiful skyline in the city, but also blocks air circulation and leads to an urban heat island.

2. volcanic eruption
volcanic eruption at sharp peak (photo by chensong)
you can tell the “volcano” is fake. sharp peak is a tough hiking trail in sai kung country park for professional hikers. in clear weather, people can see the sharp peak from almost every angle in the east of sai kung.
the real volcano in hong kong actually died millions of years ago, left thousands of hexagonal volcanic rocks along the coastline in hong kong global geopark. the most popular spots to see those grand volcanic rocks are high island geo trail, fa shan and ninepin islands.
 
3. hsien ku fung
hsien ku fung (photo by chensong)
hsien ku fung (仙姑峰) is at the east end of pak sin leng mountain range and wilson trailstage 9, and it is one of the best peaks to get a 360-degree view of the nature of northeast new territories.
to the east is plover cove reservoir, the first “reservoir in sea” over the world. hikers can also see the sharp peak in sai kung when the sky is clear.
 
4. grass island
grass island (photo by yip ho fai 一毫子)
grass island, a.k.a. tap mun, only one hour ferry away from the city, is one of the most beautiful islands in hong kong.
surrounded by multiple nature parks, grass island has also got perfect grassland, thus, it is a perfect place for camping, although there is no government designated camp sites on the island. it provides a brief escape away from the busy city life.
 
5. dragon diving into the sea
dragon diving into the sea at tung ping chau (photo by chensong)
at the west coast of tung ping chau, hikers can see an interesting geological phenomenon called “dragon diving into the sea”. the white rock strata lying obliquely on the coast looks like the backbone of a dragon and extends from the coast into the sea.
it is actually caused by differential weathering between rock strata consisting mostly of quartz and surrounding weak rocks. the hard and white rock strata is more resistant to weathering than the surrounding rocks, so the less-resistant dark rock strata were eroded first and broken in the stormy and torrential coastal environment, leaving the most resistant white rock strata extending from the shore into the sea.









read more about ..




august 5, 2017


0 comments


health coalition




hong kong may be a foodie paradise, but restaurants serving nutritious, healthy fare aren’t exactly in abundace. if you’re looking for a guilt-free, wholesome meal, the following restaurants will show you that eating healthy can be delicious, too. here are our top 7 healthy eateries in hong kong.
grassroots pantry
open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, grassroots pantry focuses on serving innovative vegetarian cuisine using sustainable and organic ingredients. the airy, minimalist space on hollywood road has a charmingly rustic vibe. the menu caters to all sorts of diets, including raw, vegan, gluten-free and buddhist options. some of their most tempting choices include the lemon chia seed pancakes, vegetarian lotus root ‘meatballs,’ and a kelp stay noodle salad. in addition, they serve some deliciously creative cocktails using ingredients such as lemongrass tea, chrysanthemum syrup and beetroot juice.
108 hollywood road, sheung wan, +852 2873 3353


courtesy of grassroots pantry

 
veggie sf
touted as one of the best options for vegetarians in hong kong, veggie sf’s decor carries a charming and colorful 1950s san francisco theme, complete with quirky antiques and souvenirs. their extensive menu includes a range of burgers, pastas, noodles, fresh juices and all-day breakfast options. highlights include the singaporean-style laksa and sushi rice with fried veggies, as well as the garlicky potato wedges, which are perfect for sharing.
10/f, 11 stanley st, central, +852 3902 3902


courtesy of veggie sf

locofama
located in sai ying pun, locofama is a health-conscious, affordable eatery that ingredients sourced from local, organic farms. with its simple, rustic decor, pale wood tables and open kitchen, this is the perfect spot for a lowkey dinner with close friends. highlights include their snow crab sesame oolong soba and organic cooked chicken.
11 fuk sau lane, sai ying pun, +852 2547 7668


courtesy of locofama


lockcha tea house
enjoy a lighter, meat-free version of hong kong’s famous dim sum at lockcha tea house. patrons love the restaurant’s serene atmosphere, old-fashioned wooden screens and staff dressed in traditional chinese clothing. the menu includes delicious fried mushroom dumplings, custard buns, organic decaf coffee and fried turnip cakes. in addition, they offer over a hundred different chinese teas of the finest quality.
hong kong park, ground floor, the k.s. lo gallery, admiralty, +852 2801 7177


anita venanzi/cc by-sa 2.0/flickr

 
3/3rds
this incredibly cool eatery is located in industrial building in wong chuk hang (not far from ocean park). the interior features exposed brick walls, marbled counters and lots of natural lighting. the menu consists of nutritious mediterranean style salads, ultra thin-crust pizza, in-house roasted coffee, as well as fresh soups and salads. this spot also makes for a great weekend brunch joint, featuring tasty goodies like lemon scented pancakes and french toast with avocado.
yally industrial building, 22/d, 6 heung yip rd, wong chuk hang, +852 3462 2951


courtesy of 3/3rds

 
home – eat to live
the immensely popular home – eat to live is located in a two-storey space on the convenient des voeux road. this casual restaurant is known for its plant-based menu filled with vegan, gluten-free and raw options, but receives praise from veggies and meat-eaters alike for their fresh and filling flatbreads, burgers and salad bowls. the interior consists of warm wood furniture and plenty of lush plants and greenery, with a range of seating for different sized groups – including community tables, bar seating by the window, and cushioned little nooks for intimate groups of two.
shop g01&101, 77 des voeux rd, central, +852 2777 4777


courtesy of home – eat to live

 
mana!
local eatery mana! is founded on the principles of the slow food movement taking root amongst eco-conscious diners. there are two branches of mana! – one is mana! café in sheung wan, which features more seating space and al fresco tables. the other is mana! fast slow food in central, which is a tighter space but features a slightly bigger menu, with custom wraps and salads available. both restaurants serve mana!’s signature ‘open flats,’ which are served over freshly baked bread and smothered in zaatar, a flavorful mediterranean spice mix. in addition, they also serve veggie burgers, raw desserts and coffee.
mana! fast slow food: 92 wellington street, central, +852 2851 1611
mana! cafe: 8 tai on terrace, poho, sheung wan, +852 2347 8555


acai bowl at mana! | courtesy of mana!










 



the many health benefits of sensual massage




july 31, 2017


0 comments


health coalition








erotic massage or also known as sensuous massage or tantric massage is a technique and a one of a kind type of physical therapy that involves naked bodies to achieve or enhance sexual arousal. this massage can be utilized as a sex therapy which is to stimulate libido.
while we know that traditional massage can help improve physical and mental health, erotic type of massage on the other hand is focused on different erogenous zones of the body to boost sexual arousal between couples. erotic massage does not necessarily mean you are obliged to do a “sexual activity”, but it is commonly a large part of lovemaking which includes foreplay or just a plain sex act.
erotic massages makes the couple in a stage of trance where physical limitations are surpassed to a positive extent in life which leads to mental relaxation, emotional rejuvenation and body’s over all physical improvement.
although erotic massage is designed for married couples, today’s session can be done through non-married individuals. erotic massage doesn’t really mean that there is a need of sexual intercourse, but to also explore each others weaknesses through naked body therapy.
this massage can help suit your emotional weaknesses and enhances it to give out your inner strength. it can help take out physical disadvantages as well as improve your social capabilities. you can do this by taking out negative thoughts, stop the shy feeling and let go of life’s insecurities. body massage in sensitive parts in a form of seductive and lust style can help you achieve these benefits.
erotic massage parlor offers different shrubs and herb as aromatic oil during therapy. all focal areas such as breast and pubis for women and the genitals in men, are all exposed to increase the responsiveness of the couples sensual stimulus. the oil are applied to the most part of the body and are carefully and gently pressured with various massage stroke to help achieve sexual arousal.
different stroke in a therapy style are applied not just to stimulate libido, but to many health benefits as well. massage helps the muscles and bones strong and healthy plus it can help refresh the mind during and after an erotic massage session. tantric massage also gives energy throughout the body and keeps your senses awake.
sadly, most people foresee the term “erotic massage” as an immoral act out of human’s sexual boundaries because of the wrong doings of some erotic massage parlors offering sexual services. this is because of its main objective – to achieve orgasm through many forms such as masturbation, oral sex and the actual sex act which some people are taking advantage of. but unknown to many, erotic massage have many health benefits which includes the following.
 

it helps treat premature ejaculation
personal growth
relieves stress
treats anxiety and other psychological problems
regulates the blood flow in the body
relaxes the muscles and builds strength
promotes fertility in both sexes
good for the heart and other body organs
improves social interactions
strengthens couples relationship
detoxifies the body

erotic massage doesn’t have to be tainted with malice and should be given a chance to be seen as a regular physical therapy. some massage parlors do offer this kind of services and before you dive into a certain parlor, make sure that its legal and conducts proper and non-penetration erotic massage therapy. if you wish to go all the way, make sure that you do it with your spouse to achieve sexual enlightenment.










 



the tantric approach to premature ejaculation




february 12, 2017


health coalition




it’s late, you’ve just finished a nice romantic dinner date with your partner. a clear sense of lust within the air means you both rush back to your apartment. once you’ve landed at home, one thing leads to another and you both end up in the bedroom. at this time, the moment becomes too overwhelming and the passionate conclusion to the evening you had in mind has taken an abrupt end; leading to a sense of dissatisfaction, embarrassment and an early night.


why did this happen? the situation became uncontrollable, the brief passion experienced and heightened sensitivity was great enough to cause a premature ejaculation episode. game over.

many males experience premature ejaculation at some point within their lives. the issue has long suffered from a stereotypical stigma that results in the issue often being lowered to a joke or jibe, meaning that a serious issue is not appropriate dealt with. in reality, premature ejaculation can have huge implications for the individual and relationships involved. a person’s confidence can be damaged greatly by the issue. the fear of embarrassment can become so pertinent that some men may end up living alone.

suffering in silence

sadly, many do suffer in silence without the trust to confide in another to discuss their situation. even those that do pick up the courage to visit their doctor are often told that the issue is psychological but not given suitable advice, in some cases prescribing individuals with different medication and in a great deal of cases do very little to help the situation.

in fact, treating premature ejaculation does not need to involve prescriptions at all. there has been great success involving the practice of tantra to enhance male performance and sexual relationships.

what is tantra?

the basis of tantra is the practice of yoga/mediation. there are hundreds if not thousands of practices that fall under the tantric teachings umbrella, many with slight differences in approach.

for premature ejaculation, we shall look at tantra practices that focus on actively harnessing life force energy or ‘sexual energy’, by harnessing this energy we can utilise the energy for optimum health and vitality through mental and physical techniques and exercises.

an important step for individual sufferers of premature ejaculation is to build a new relationship with mind and body around sexual pleasure. by reassessing the existing patterns of behaviour and events that contribute to the levels of heightened sensitivity that makes the situation uncontrollable. by bringing more awareness to these patterns and understanding, the individual can adapt to learn techniques to change the existing patterns and feelings generated.
 
the benefits of tantric treatment as an aid for premature ejaculation

tantra helps individuals become more aware of their individual relationship with their self, their physical body, their personal relationships and their relationship with their environment. assessing these aspects of an individual’s life will enable the individual to evaluate the existing patterns that are leading to episodes of premature ejaculation.

by understanding and assessing your own individual situation, one learns more about the sources, causes and potential triggers of the issue. these may be deep-rooted (developed in puberty, a particular event or related trauma). on the other hand, the issue may be stress-related, by assessing the sources and causes the individual will be better placed to manage those elevated stress levels, introduce methods to prevent and manage stress in a better manner.

by introducing a new relationship with mind and body, assessing the levers involved in your sexual pleasure and reacting accordingly can have fantastic results. confidence is often boosted by the better understanding of their situation, surroundings and relationship with themselves and others.

key components of the tantric treatment



re-evaluation of your sexual pleasure relationship. assess elements of yourself, physical body, personal relationships and relationship with your environment that all contribute to the issue of premature ejaculation. by impacting these areas positively, your approach and ‘journey’ to sexual pleasure will be benefitted.




being present in time. one of the biggest teachings from tantra in general is your presence in the moment. mental contributors to premature ejaculation include anxiety and fear which are spawned from the past or thoughts about the future. by ‘living in the moment’, only focusing on yourself, your partner and immediate surroundings you will become fully immersed, engaged within the act and connected to one another. this benefits by removing space for the negative aspects of your former relationship with sexual pleasure that included feelings such as anxiety and fear, leading to a premature ejaculation episode.




the break-away from the existing negative relationship with sexual pleasure that would contribute to premature ejaculation needs to be consistently implemented and practised. repetition reinforces the new processes and relationship with sexual pleasure, ensuring relapses and reverting to the previous states do not occur. the mind and body are amazing and have the ability to adjust but need to be nurtured to reach the desired state.



in the case of premature ejaculation, it is always advisable to consult your doctor to help rule out potential medication conditions that may be contributing to the problem of premature ejaculation. the tantric approach is a complimentary approach and focuses on re-establishing the sexual pleasure relationship with mind and body.










 



all about japanese shiatsu




march 22, 2016


health coalition




shiatsu is a form of japanese therapeutic massage developed in japan, which has spread worldwide that regulates your nervous system and promotes natural healing by stimulating chemical responses within your body. the therapeutic effect comes from the fact that shiatsu triggers the release of hormones and body chemicals necessary to heal, to soothe, and to make your mind and body perform optimally.
outcall shiatsu massage centre in hong kong central district
japanese shiatsu is a combination of the right foods, proper intake, energy work, and massage therapy. the therapy is done to promote wellness, treat painful body conditions, enhance body functions, and other benefits with the blend of staying in shape through the proper foods being eaten as planned.
the therapy practices the balancing and maintaining of ki or energy within the human body. this practice and principle is common on asian massage techniques that are known for their belief to unclog any blocked passages of life force. any blockage may represent a threat on the current healthy condition of the human body which is due to the proper flow of energy throughout the whole body.
among the health benefits and effects any client can receive from the therapy includes the relaxing and soothing experience during and after the therapy session. the approach is quite gentle but uses fairly firm touch and pressure which is great for relieving pain while at the same time setting the body in a condition capable of de-stressing and calming. the massage work done during massage therapy sessions to the client’s body can benefit a person with magnificent results such as the improvement of blood and oxygen circulation, proper respiratory function for correct breathing pattern, improved sleeping quality and time, enhanced mood, improvement on the range of motion and flexibility, treatment of all sorts of body pain such as joint pain and back pain, relief from headaches, stress, fatigue, and tension, treatment of indigestion and many other medical conditions, disorders, and dysfunctions.
aside from the health benefits the client receives from the massage therapy, the dietary plan also contributes to a healthy body due to the right types of foods and the quantity being eaten. practitioners of the therapy believe that the foods have their own energy or ki that can improve and maintain the present life force inside the human body. by eating the right foods, the body accumulates enough energy to be used in aligning and balancing it in order to keep a healthy constitution inside and outside. as a result, the massage therapy acts only as a support in energy work as most of the ki required is supplied by the foods.
aside from the health benefits and all sorts of advantages a person can get from japanese shiatsu and any type of massage therapy, it is equally important to research on the risks and dangers that are also included in the natural healing art. in doing so, you can make sure that you only get what you want and avoid going through the risks of the therapy.









 



top 4 tantric massage places in hong kong




may 22, 2015


natural health




visiting hong kong can be a great experience. there is so much to do and to try, but one of its less known hidden pleasures is the tantric massage places you can find in hong kong.it is a form of erotic massage using specialized buddhist and hindu techniques designed to use sensuality to draw latent energy in the body into being released through sensuous processes. this very intriguing process is well sought after by many visitors to asia and not least of which is hong kong. so to guide people to their services, i will list the 4 top places in hong kong you can visit.

kaishun massage is a full body erotic massage therapy place located in hong kong with a highly reputable service with registered therapists who are skilled and knowledgeable. for those on vacation in hong kong that have the time, all the locals who know highly recommend this place for those seeking to try erotic massage for the first time. see about kaishun massage in this site: http://ke-rio.net/top/
coral spa hong kong is another great place to try out being a wonderful spa and resort place which also offers tantric massage with full services providing customers a memorable time they will not soon forget. this place comes highly rated by those who are familiar with the tantric massage. they are also known for having a very good bargain rate as these services can tend to be highly expensive depending on the place you go. it can range from 1000$ to 1800$ or more if they have high-quality service and younger women.



hong kong best tantric massage is a well-known outcall service that provides a call-in service so that the massage therapist will go to your hotel and perform their services there. with a good website that you can use to contact them, they provide several variations of service from full body to nude massages. with numerous satisfied clients, they have earned their important reputation in the city as being one of the top service providers well loved by foreign visitors. more details, here!
silkytouchtantric.com provides a growing service to increasing list of satisfied clients who have used their services. with several beautiful therapists, they are a rising star in the field. their receptionistis fluent in english, chinese, and japanese and, therefore, able to service a broad range of clients for the erotic massage services they offer.

with all this in mind, it can be astrange experience for those who have never tried it but a very pleasant one too. these are the most highly recommended tantric services in hong kong and many well-satisfied customers both foreign and domestic can attest to that many of them having returned multiple times to visit these places!









 



top 4 companies that offer cheap tantric massage therapy in hong kong




february 7, 2015


health coalition




are you catering for the affordable tantric massage therapy in hk? do you want to get handy services of tantric massage therapy in hk? if yes, then i am here to give you some tremendous suggestions. tantric massage therapy in hk is a session therapy that requires some equipment and some items for sake of accomplishing the task of message. the basic items that are mandatory for the tantric massage therapy in hk embraces message table bolster pillows, oils, lotions, creams, hand sanitizers, rollers, nail clippers and files. moreover, tantric massage therapy in hk also demands some of additional items for message as well. read more →









 



5 myths about massage outcall services in hong kong




february 7, 2015


health coalition




in this hustle bustle of life, hong kong massage outcall services are the most tremendous sources of getting rid of fatigue. basically, outcall message services are those in which the therapist moves towards the clients instead of client go towards the therapist. such hong kong massage outcall services can be provided at hotels, spas, homes, offices and at other destiny which the client suggests. simply it’s a sort of handy service to order an outcall massage hong kong visit www.hongkongmassageeden.com/index.php/contacts. but there are some myths populated among the people about the hong kong massage outcall services. let us have a look over such myths and the right direction of such myths: read more →









 



where to look for massage outcall services in hong kong




february 7, 2015


health coalition




hong kong massage outcall services are getting the leading demand in present ear. the reason is, everyone wants to shed off his/her tensions and fatigue in a healthy way. now the days are passed when one has to extract the extra time for sake of visiting a message centers. now message services are becoming more classical and easier to get. you just only have to hold your phone and to call a hong kong massage outcall services. they will cater by their own towards your suggested destiny.
means, now message services are only few steps away from you. you can bid for such services only by dialing the number of message centers. but here a logistic question arises in one’s mind that where to look for message outcall services in hong kong? this is the helping platform for you in this regard. i am going to tell you about some of the astounding massage outcall services. read more →



 




1
2
next






lolita 18 – 23yo young girls massage 
kaishun full treatment massage 
six sensual tantric massage hongkong 
savoury smooch! bizarre & hardcore 
pageshome
about
privacy policy
contact us
categories 
healthy life

natural health

outcall massage

tantric massage therapy

uncategorized


  recent posts 

6 things to do in hong kong this autumn


top 5 hiking trails in hong kong


(no title)


the many health benefits of sensual massage


the tantric approach to premature ejaculation


useful links reducing hypertension with massage therapy
the art of sensual massage for valentine’s day
8 reasons why every man should experience a tantric massage







teen masseuse 18 – 23yo 
kaishun full treatment massage 
six sensual tantric massage hong kong 
savoury smooch! bizarre & hardcore 
  recent posts 

6 things to do in hong kong this autumn


top 5 hiking trails in hong kong


(no title)


the many health benefits of sensual massage


the tantric approach to premature ejaculation


pageshome
about
privacy policy
contact us
useful links reducing hypertension with massage therapy
the art of sensual massage for valentine’s day
8 reasons why every man should experience a tantric massage







 







copyright © 2025. powered by wordpress. designed by mythem.es












