















home | university of arizona college of nursing

















      skip to main content
    
















search

search








 



        resources
    

academic resources
administration & governance
business, finance & hr
clinical operations
college safety information
communication & collaboration
computing
eac faculty toolkit
faculty affairs
onboarding
policies & procedures
research & scholarship
space & facilities
staff advisory council
teaching & learning








 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 






















 
 give now admissions questions? contact us








 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search





menu resources


 



        resources
    

academic resources
administration & governance
business, finance & hr
clinical operations
college safety information
communication & collaboration
computing
eac faculty toolkit
faculty affairs
onboarding
policies & procedures
research & scholarship
space & facilities
staff advisory council
teaching & learning











main navigation


about

welcome
locations
mission & vision
year-end report 2024
history
daisy & sunflower awards
employment & volunteer opportunities



academics

academic programs
pre-nursing major
bachelor of science in nursing direct admit (bsn-da)
bachelor of science in nursing (bsn)
master of science for entry to the profession of nursing (mepn)
doctor of nursing practice (dnp)
doctor of philosophy (phd) in nursing
graduate certificates



student success

academic advising
academic success strategies
academic program resources
student support & wellness
writing coaching
costs & financial aid
advanced nursing education workforce (anew) scholarship
accelerated masters scholarships for nursing (aims4nursing) program
arizona nursing career apex transitions (ancat) project
indians in nursing: career advancement & transition scholars (incats) program
con ambassadors



research

research & scholarship
areas of excellence
faculty interests & expertise
societal impact & news
current research
accomplishments and accolades
laboratories
office of research & scholarship



global


directory

college of nursing directory
nursing faculty
college staff
nursing & health education division (nhe)
nursing & health sciences division (nhs)
office of student & academic affairs (osaa)
office of research & scholarship (ors)
office of learning & healthcare technology innovations (lhti)
office of marketing & communications (marcom)
office of clinical operations
business office
simulation innovation & mentoring services



news


alumni & giving

nursing alumni
support nursing



events

all events
dnp final oral defenses
equity, diversity & inclusion events
phd dissertation defenses
required immersive summer experience (rise) & campus clinical immersions (ccis)
uahs events
























 







image
 





bsn ranked #1 in az by us news & world report


2025 best colleges list: #19 nationally, #13 public, and #1 in arizona! 


read more














image
 





mepn fall '25 program application opens march 1


gilbert & tucson accelerated master’s rn program


learn more














image
 





#1 bsn program in arizona!


two options: tucson bachelor’s program, gilbert accelerated program


learn more














image
 





advancing nursing research


ranked #13 amoung public institutions in nih funding recipients


read more








previousnext















home










 




nih research ranking#19overall#13public2023 blue ridge institutefor medical research






us news dnp ranking#19overall#10public#1arizona2024 u.s. news & world report






us news bsn ranking#19overall#13public#1arizona2025 u.s. news & world report






100%fnp & pnpcertification exam2024 first-time pass rate






93%mepn program nclex & crnacertification exam2024 first-time pass rate






92%bsn program nclex2024 first-time pass rate






 
 more facts 








community oriented. technologically advanced. focused on integrative health.we create programs, projects and partnerships to expand our understanding of the needs of the health care community and prepare our students for what the future may hold.learn more






 







new to nursingstart with one of our bachelor of science in nursing (bsn) pathways or change careers with a master’s entry to the profession (mepn).bsn conventional (tucson)bsn-ih accelerated (gilbert)mepn (tucson & gilbert)









lead the fieldtake a leading role in healthcare, teaching, or research with a dnp, phd, or dual doctoratedoctor of nursing practicedoctor of philosophy in nursing









skill developmentexpand your skill set with a post-graduate certificategraduate certificates






 






research & clinical scholarshipdiscovering new approaches to the science of health and well-being.learn more







 






view our latest accomplishments in research and scholarship







 

nursing news



skip to search and filter













image
 





nursing’s park accepted into pain group’s leadership academy


feb. 3, 2025


juyoung park, phd, a professor in the college of nursing and associate director of the college’s brain digital technology laboratory, was accepted into the united states association for the study of pain leadership academy. the yearlong program, which starts in april, aims to develop leaders in pain research.




    read more
  














image
 





black history month: celebrating the first african american nurse


feb. 3, 2025


in recognition of black history month, the college of nursing honors mary eliza mahoney as the first african american to study and work as a professionally trained nurse in the united states. in 1879, she became the first african american to graduate from a nursing school in the united states.




    read more
  














image
 





improving stroke care: how nursing science is shaping the future of treatment


jan. 30, 2025


helena morrison, phd, rn, associate professor at the college of nursing, is advancing stroke science to improve stroke patient outcomes. she conducts essential basic science that establishes the foundation for future applications in human medicine. her work often involves collaborations with private industry, particularly pharmaceutical developers and colleagues from the college of medicine, showcasing her interdisciplinary approach to advancing healthcare.




    read more
  










read all news







 

upcoming events


 


skip to search and filter













all day, feb. 11 – march 15, 2025



pictures of nursing: the zwerdling postcard collection exhibit


this traveling exhibition and companion website presents a selection of postcards featuring images of nursing and nurses. it investigates the hold these images exert on the public imagination—then and now.















11 a.m. – noon, today



dnp final oral defense - barbara boemer














noon – 1 p.m., today



dnp final oral defense - sarah boisen 










view all events on the calendar



































footer - main


campus accessibility


contact us


copyright


emergency information


employment
















information for


future students


current students


faculty & staff


alumni & donors


parents & visitors


corporations & businesses




topics


about the university


academics


arts & museums


athletics & recreation


colleges, schools, departments


diversity


environment & sustainability


global engagement


health & medical


libraries


outreach & extension


research & innovation




resources


a-z index


calendars


campus map


news


phonebook


weather




connect


facebook


x, formerly twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube







we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














