












discover foxfire - foxfire











































































 

 















plan your trip to visit foxfire today!
about

what is foxfire?
foxfire staff
contact
join our team


visit us
learn

the foxfire magazine
education
events
heritage skills classes
journal
podcast
collections


support

annual appeal campaign 2024 – 2025
donate
museum shop
memberships
join our team


share your story



 








select page


  
 



 



 



















































































 
foxfire has so much to be thankful for this year– foremost you, as a loyal supporter, also record number of demonstrators, well-attended festivals, record museum attendance from area schools, a number of beautiful gifts to the organization, a new pavilion to host outdoor classes and events, the continued popularity of the foxfire books–and so many other things.  we hope you’re actively planning your 2025 visit, because we can’t wait to welcome you to the foxfire museum!
 
foxfire will be closed to the public beginning monday, december 23rd reopening monday, january 6th, 2025.  
 
































































books, magazines, handmade soaps & more!
check out our online museum store for foxfire books, magazines, locally-made goods, and more! delve into over 50 years of appalachian culture and heritage through our publications, support foxfire artisans by purchasing traditionally-made products, or show your love of foxfire with a t-shirt, sticker, and other foxfire-branded goods.

shop now

donate





classes and events
explore appalachian crafts and traditions at the foxfire museum during special events and classes. take workshops to learn crafts like needle felting or flintknapping, or expand your culinary skills in our wood stove cooking workshop. be the first to know about upcoming classes and events when you subscribe to our newsletter at the link below!
 
 
 

upcoming classes













hands on history
get hands on with history by visiting one of our on-site demonstrators! from weaving to blacksmithing, these talented individuals bring the past to life. learn about the role these crafts played in everyday life, and how they’ve been adapted to the modern era. 

demonstrators





join the foxfire family
we rely on folks just like you for support of our education and preservation efforts. it’s through the generous gifts of our members and donors that foxfire has maintained its mission for over 50 years! thanks to our extended foxfire family, we have supported local youth through our student enrichment programs, preserved southern appalachian culture with community-based cultural preservation projects, and maintained our 106-acre museum and heritage center for the public to enjoy. now you can join these efforts and more by donating to foxfire, becoming a member, or both!









become a member!



volunteer








journal & recent news





it still lives, season 5, episode 8: the buckeyes

may 23, 2023our final podcast episode features a conversation with director, writer, producer, and teacher evelyn pollard of louisville, kentucky. evelyn works with diverse student groups to capture their stories and experiences through filmmaking. she has also been working a...
read more




it still lives, season 5, episode 7: the coal prince

may 16, 2023have you ever thought about what a superhero from appalachia would look like? coder and developer justin hall blends his love of art and storytelling with tech to create interactive comic book characters that retell the story of coal mining counties. learn more about...
read more



it still lives, season 5, episode 6: muser

may 9, 2023madison whittle, a senior at western kentucky university, shares her work in user experience and design this week as part of continuing miniseries on creatives in appalachia as part of the civic imagination incubator. learn more about the civic imagination project...
read more









admission
adults (19+): $15
seniors (62+): $12
students (11-18): $8
youth (7-10): $5
kids 6 and under: free



regular hours
monday through saturday 9:00 am – 4:00 pm*
sunday 12:00 pm – 4:00 pm*
 the foxfire museum and village will be closed sundays
beginning in december until march of 2025.

*last admission at 3:00 pm*
 





 

 
 
 












foxfire
contact info
general inquires
donate
memberships


visit us
map & directions
admission/tours
open hours


about
history
the foxfire magazine
foxfire books
staff / board


shop
books
magazines
foxfire merch
local artisans


events
mountaineer festival
all upcoming events


education
at the museum
resources for educators
podcast



 









po box 541, mountain city,
georgia 30562 usa



the foxfire fund, inc. is a registered nonprofit.
copyright © the foxfire fund, inc. site by braizen 



 






facebook




x




rss


  

 
 
 
















 


































