






















cna | national security analysis














skip to main content




article
podcast
report
summary
quick look
quick look
video
newsfeed      
triangle
plus sign
dropdown arrow
case study

all
search 
x (twitter)
facebook
linkedin 
youtube
bluesky

threads

instagram

right arrow


press release








external report





































about us


		what is cna?
	

		our leadership
	

		our experts
	

		our approach to research
	

		a brief history of cna
	


		community
	

		service award recipients
	
 







expertise


		civilian harm mitigation
	

		data and architecture management
	

		domestic safety and security
	

		fleet and installation readiness 
	

		force readiness
	

		future fleet concepts
	

		global security environment
	

		innovation and communications 
	

		plans and strategy
	

		strategic competition
	

		military and first-responder tactics and operations analysis
	
 







our research


		our reports
	

		our case studies
	

		cnai2
	

		explore all
	
 







centers and divisions


		center for naval analyses
	

		institute for public research
	
 







our media


		newsroom
	

		blog
	

		podcasts
	

		seminars
	

		newsletters
	

		news releases
	

		in the news
	

		videos
	
 







careers


		working at cna
	

		why cna?
	

		benefits
	

		internship program
	

		community
	


		open positions
	
 







contact


		contact us
	

		cna contract vehicles
	
 








this is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. activate any of the buttons to disable rotation. use next and previous buttons to navigate, or jump to a slide using the slide dots.








pause slide rotation







resume slide rotation







previous slide













report


wartime russian civil-military relations

                            this report examines russian civil-military relations by focusing on tensions between russian political and military elites that have arisen.

                        


read













report


the evolving russia-iran relationship

                            the russia-iran relationship has changed over the past decade, and this report examines the relationship in temporal and thematic dimensions. 

                        


read













blog


the need for body-worn cameras in prisons

                            body-worn cameras had a large impact on the response to the prison death of robert brooks. here’s how body-worn cameras can improve corrections even more.

                        


read












podcast


tackling challenges in the industrial base

experts from across cna join the show to discuss their research, which aims to bridge the gap between the us government and the industrial base.



listen











next slide





dedicated to the safety and security of the nation
cna is an independent, nonprofit research and analysis organization dedicated to the safety and security of the nation. for 80 years, our scientific rigor and real-world approach to data have been indispensable to leaders facing complex problems. cna employs operations research to address military questions in the center for naval analyses and domestic challenges in the institute for public research.



reports









inclusion of sustainable materials and innovative techniques in military construction    







                        this report examines various data sources to identify potential barriers to including sustainable materials and innovative techniques in milcon. barriers identified include a broad lack of relevant knowledge, availability of sustainable material data, and forcing functions.

                    











taiwan lessons learned from the russia-ukraine war    







                        this report examines taiwan’s lessons learned from the 2022 russian invasion of ukraine and how they are already influencing taiwan’s defense strategy and created a sense of urgency for government leaders.

                    











we need a medic!    







                        the paper finds that russia’s war on ukraine has stressed the russian military medical system and that the system continues to be at risk of being overburdened because of the demands of the protracted conflict and russia’s casualty-heavy approach to the fighting in ukraine. 

                    











china’s military presence in africa    







                        the largest deployed people’s liberation army force outside of china’s periphery is operating in africa, and beijing seeks to deepen its african security ties.

                    






                more reports
                    








experts







samuel bendett    





russia studies









vivian elliott    





justice research and innovation









eric trabert    





public health preparedness and resilience









jessica olcott yllemo    





strategy, policy, plans, and programs









leola abraham    





vulnerable population protection






                more experts
                    








multimedia









podcast
polar politics: argentina's view    






cna analyst ralph espach sits down with paulo botta of argentina catholic university, to discuss argentina's interests in antarctica.












newsletter
intersections, issue 12, january 2025    







                        intersections is a cna news digest of china’s efforts to acquire western technology, and u.s. and partner efforts to protect that technology for national security.

                    











press release
retired navy vice admiral dave johnson named chair of cna board of trustees    







                        cna announced the appointment of retired navy vice admiral dave johnson as chair of the cna board of trustees.

                    











podcast
syria after assad    






this episode covers the fall of the assad regime and what it means for syria, russia, iran, and turkey. 












blog
unique challenges of wildfire cleanups confront los angeles    







                        the debris removal process after the wildfires in los angeles could benefit from lessons learned by cna in after-action reviews from previous wildfire cleanups. 

                    











podcast
ukraine today, taiwan tomorrow    






this episode covers how taiwan applies lessons from the ukraine war to prepare for a potential invasion from the people’s republic of china. 







                more content
                    













working at cna

        our flexible, collaborative and energizing work environment allows for creative teamwork in every step of theproblem-solving process.
        












field program

        run by cna's operations evaluation group (oeg) and marine corps program, the field program deploys analysts for two to three years to posts ranging from aircraft carrier strike groups and marine expeditionary forces to the u.s. pacific command.
        























3003 washington boulevard suite 200, arlington virginia 22201 | 703-824-2000










































copyright © 2025 cna all rights reserved


                all media posted on our social media channels and/or our website are intended for a general overview and discussion of the subjects dealt with. cna will accept no responsibility for any actions taken or not taken on the basis of this publication. all videos, podcasts, or any other media published or posted by cna remain subject to our copyright and all applicable rights are reserved unless other ownership or license rights are acknowledged.
            





