








carriacou maps and business guide, lodging locations and history.



















































grenada and carriacou
carriacou maps and business guide, lodging locations and history.
map of carriacou island. business directory and locations with satelite images after hurricane beryl. most constructions suffered considerable damage or are completely destroyed,




menu
skip to content
menumenucarriacou

divingfishing tripsnational parksnature

hiking 
sailing

the grenadines 
transport
guides

bars - rumshopscar rentalshealthcarelawyersrestaurantsshops
history

arawaksbelaircolonialismgrenada historygarifunagrenada revolution

grenada 17maurice bishop 
windward
hurricane beryllodging

apartmentsguesthouseshotelsvillas - cottages
photo gallery

video
 
guides


please note that most businesses have sustained heavy damage due to hurricane beryl.
therefore many shops and lodging facilities will not be opened or are in the process of reopening.




maps of carriacou.


 
zoom in the map to see the damage done, these satelite images reflect carriacou 2 weeks after the hurricane passed.
videos from explore carriacou are a good way to see actual news from the island.on facebook are a few pages that are worthwile visiting and subscribing to, here are the most active pages.carriacou on fb , buy sell trade and giveaway , carriacou coming events, activities , advertising & information.the sailing community shares news on the carriacou cruisers page.
 the business guide listings are from before beryl, these locations will open in the map below with a link to their page. 
detailed map with constructions on the island.
show larger map.
following are some of the maps which we used to illustrate this websites content.placement of archeological findings and migration maps of the past.






				map of dumfries and the points worth to see.
				




				maps from latinamericanstudies.org
				




				garrifuna communities spreading.
				




				archeology at grand bay and jews bay on carriacou windward side.
				




				carriacou history and important historical locations.
				




				carriacou national parks and nature reserves.
				




				carriacou with top left union island and top-right the tobago cays.
				




				foreign occupancy of caribbean islands.
				




				amount of slaves transported between africa and the americas.
				




				carib stronghold and dominica – guadeloupe passage.
				




				surface of the carib reserve is 3,700-acre (15 km2)
				




posts nearby


grenada co-operative bank in hillsborough.
0.02 km


hillsborough center – gramma’s apartments.
0.03 km


kim’s plaza supermarket.
0.03 km


paterson rumshop and justice of peace.
0.03 km


pharmacy hills & valley in victoria street hillsborough.
0.04 km


hillsborough – kim’s plaza guesthouse.
0.04 km


kayak kafe & juice bar.
0.05 km


hillsborough – ades dream hotel.
0.05 km


republic bank of grenada carriacou and petit martinique.
0.06 km


ades carriacou auto rental company.
0.06 km


hillsborough – millie’s guest house on main street.
0.07 km


ade’s supermarket in hillsborough.
0.08 km


wayne’s auto rentals & car services carriacou.
0.09 km


hillsborough – laurena jerk center
0.11 km


golden eagle bar – allso known as billy’s.
0.12 km


mnib farmers market and national importing board.
0.13 km


deefer divers – diving centre and dive operator in hillsborough.
0.13 km


marketing board.
0.14 km


video gallery of carriacou.
0.14 km


modern tech construction company.
0.15 km


hillsborough – hotel laurena.
0.16 km


sunkey’s auto rental carriacou.
0.17 km


hillsborough reef bar and restaurant.
0.17 km


hillsborough – traps restaurant.
0.18 km


carriacou fish market.
0.20 km


hillsborough – frank and hilary’s apartment on the beach.
0.20 km


matheson supermarket.
0.20 km


bullen & sons drugstore in hillsborough.
0.21 km


cuthbert snagg boattrips and water taxi.
0.22 km


hillsborough – excelcia butterfly bar and pizza.
0.23 km


hillsborough jetty arrival.
0.25 km


hillsborough north – la playa beach bar and snacks.
0.26 km


hillsborough – patty’s delicatessen shop.
0.27 km


gentle dental care in hillsborough.
0.27 km


hillsborough – john’s unique resort hotel.
0.27 km


lorels bar and rum shop.
0.28 km


grenada pharmacies in hillsborough.
0.28 km


john’s supermarket.
0.28 km


g & g construction company on carriacou.
0.30 km


hillsborough – peace haven guest house.
0.32 km


hillsborough – mermaid hotel on silver beach.
0.36 km


hillsborough, callaloo restaurant at the mermaid hotel.
0.37 km


storage room for ammunition, dead house.
0.40 km


hillsborough cemetery.
0.52 km


hillsborough north – connie and larry apartment for rent.
0.61 km


hillsborough north – green roof inn bar restaurant and cottages.
0.76 km


down island villa rental agency and cottages for rent.
0.78 km


hillsborough north – wilson’s apartment for rent.
0.82 km


belair – grand view hotel and restaurant.
0.87 km


belair – grand view restaurant.
0.87 km


carriacou health services in hillsborough.
1.00 km






 


























previous: national parks on grenada and hiking excursions.next: fishing trips carriacou –  the best spots.





				go to mobile version			





