




virginia fly fishing, madison county trout | rose river farm | syria, va









































home
about the farm
farm news
fishing reservation system
luxury rental cabins
rose river beef
weddings & events
bamboo rod building class
gift certificates
additional links








news & events

february 18, 2025

newsletter



january 1, 2022

named 10 most unique hotels in va



august 1, 2015

the cabins a top dc getaway-- the travel channel



april 1, 2015

feature story in bethesda magazine 



january 1, 2014

review--  family getaway at the cabins at rose river farm in lateral line



june 5, 2013

the farm is named a top destination



february 11, 2013

common bonds-- relaxing with friends at rrf by ed felker in dispatches from the potomac



january 23, 2013

great article about staying at the cabins and fishing the farm by joel johnson 



april 15, 2012

big brookies in the park-- 10 min from the cabins. great photo essay!!!



november 22, 2011

nbc sports films phw at the farm



july 20, 2011

independent review of the cabins at rose river farm


testimonials

"whoever said trout only live in beautiful places must have been fishing at your farm!  what a great day my 4 clients and i had fishing the rose. i can't think of a better place to entertain my best customers-- thanks for allowing us to spend a day in trout paradise!!!    "-mike

proudly sponsoring































a rose river beauty (17+ inches)
head guide gary burwell guiding virginia lt gov. bill bolling
another typical rose river monster rainbow
fly rod chronicles "22 degrees episode" curits and koby with a double
17-inch rose river farm virginia brookie of a lifetime!
rose river farm is the national home waters of project healing waters
beautiful rose river farm brown trout on size 20 zebra midge
project healing waters' jake goodine catches a monster rainbow
winter rainbow trout on bamboo rod

 



western style fly fishing for trophy trout in virginia
dry fly and nymph fishing at its finest - our private water on the rose river is cold, 
crystal clear, spring fed water that has a river rock base with very little sediment. 
the water is rich in the kind of natural trout food that produces trophy conditions.
come and spend a day on our private water - or add a night or two in our luxury 
cabins and make it a virginia fly fishing vacation.
 
limited pressure and fly fishing only
as a strictly on the fly, catch and release stream we create the ideal fishing conditions. 
we limit the number of rods per day to assure uncrowded water. for 2015 there will be a number of 
orvis endorsed fly fishing school classes taught at the farm.
we also have expert private and group lessons, as well as corporate events, available at 
the farm. please click on reservations to set up lessons or private guide services or contact 
us directly if you have any questions.
 
unparalleled mountain scenery
fly fishing for trout is great anywhere but when you can do it in the majesty of the rose river 
valley you really have something special. looking out at old rag mountain, double top mountain and 
the national forest you will fish for trout as president hoover did 75 years ago. make sure you bring your 
watch - it's easy to lose track of time. also do not forget about our other farm amenities such 
as our luxury rental cabins and our natural angus beef.
 
all of this only an hour and a half from tyson's corner?
location, location, location - that's a drive not a flight. located 7 miles from route 29 and the town 
of madison. 17 miles from culpeper and 25 miles from charlottesville. only 1:45 from washington dc.
two minute rose river farm video











rose river farm
our stretch of the rose river is some of the purest water in the state of virginia.  it is regularly tested for both water quality and aquatic insect populations. with strict catch and gentle release fishing our trout population stays strong year round.

©2025 - all rights reserved. www.roseriverfarm.com
contact us
website design: rule13


the farm in the news

fly rod chronicles at the 2-fly
fly rod chronicles
angus phillips writes about fishing the farm
the washington post
cnn at the farm for phw
cnn
fox news films phw at the farm
fox news
fly rod chronicles at rrf
youtube
virginia living magazine cover story
virginia living magazine
medicine for the soul by ed felker
the american fly fisher
a great article by king montgomery
baltimore press box
jamie lord's independent review
jamielord.com
phw 2-fly by king montgomery
the virginia sportsman
destination rrf
woods and waters magazine
exploration - rose river farm
virginia sportsman by michael simon
nbc sports films phw at the farm
nbc sports
angling at rapidan camp
the virginia sportsman



favorite fly fishing blogs

flyfishin'
a great blog on fly fishing and other thoughts
midcurrent fly fishing
all kinds of fly fishing information
switch fisher
a great local blog and fishing site
flyfish magazine
what's new in the world of fly fishing
moldy chum
an uncouth perspective to fishing
fly fishing in yellowstone
a great resource for the park
singlebarbed
a fine blog about fly fishing
the phw 2-fly blog
all about the tournament
trout underground
great fly fishing info
deadbait
terrific blog about fly fishing and more!
dispatches from the potomac
the eclectic musings of ej felker



outdoor writing
in addition to running the farm, i enjoy writing about bird hunting and fly fishing.

a maine blast and cast
the virginia sportsman
bonefishing in the british west indies
the virginia sportsman
close to home bird hunting
the virginia sportsman
a fly fishing expedition on the fabled deschutes
the virginia sportsman
summer steelheading on the famed north umpqua
the virginia sportsman
hunting texas quail
the virginia sportsman
trout artist michael simon
the virginia sportsman
saving virginia's wild quail
the virginia sportsman
a quail hunt with the hemingways
the virginia sportsman









