


refinished / used factory alloy wheels sales & repair - wheel collision center






















231 moorestown drive   bath, pa 18014
phone: (610) 837-8792   toll free: (800) 292-7467   fax: (610) 837-8967
hours: mon - fri 7:30am-5pm ... sat 8am-12noon ... sun closed
e-mail:wccpa@erols.com
easy driving directions










straighten 

weld 
polish 
paint 
clearcoat 
chrome plating 
wheel inspection 
lughole repair 
bolt pattern redrill 
motorcyle
wheel repair


powdercoat 

steel wheels 

wheel covers/hubcaps 

center caps

valve stems/tpms sensors

lug nuts & lug bolts 

wheel wax & polish 

stripping of wheels/parts 
 

refinished wheel sales 
wheel & tire packages 
wheel locating
 

we welcome your alloy wheel business!

 



looking
for a specific wheel? 
search our site by wheel 
collision part number.
for example, type in wcc 
wheel number h 2084, or 
2006 chevrolet equinox. 
click find. then click on the 
wheel collision page(s)
that come up in the search.  
 


ultrablack 

hyperblack 

hypersilver 

chrome shadow 

european brilliant 

hyperchrome x  
hyprchrom black  







wheel collision center professionally repairs,
refinishes and 
recycles damaged alloy wheels at a fraction of their new cost...
guaranteed!
 
wheel collision center's wheel production facility
offers insurance quality wheel refinishing and a limited lifetime
warranty, as well as custom wheel polishing, painting, powder coating,
and chrome plating services. we stock thousands of refinished and used
recycled factory alloy wheels, available for sale or exchange.
aftermarket or out of stock factory wheels can often be repaired or
located!

 wheel collision center leads the industry in
straightening
aluminum wheels, using proprietary machinery and tooling. our patented
repair process assures 100% wheel integrity.
wrecks, potholes, curbs, or even dropping a wheel can
cause damage resulting in
it being discarded at a total loss. scratched, bent, gouged or small
sections
missing, wheel collision center can repair it properly, backed by 2 
years of independent metallurgy testing.
 our
expert technicians can straighten or weld damaged areas back to
original
condition in less time than it normally takes to buy a new wheel. 100%
inspection before shipping checks radial run out, lateral runout, and
balance to insure
the wheel is perfectly straight, so the car rides smoothly.

roger chen writes:
"wheel collision center team:
you guys did a wonderful job on my 2003 bmw e39 m5 rims. the turnaround
time was incredible -- they were dropped off on tues and that same fri,
they were on my car. the rims look pristine (had dents and curb rash)
and the technician (sorry forgot his name) took a lot of time and tlc
to mount, balance the tires and put them back on the car. if i lived
closer (drove over 70 miles one way), i would always mount and balance
my tires at your shop. actually, i might drive that far just to have
someone who cares about attention to detail and quality work on my car.
will highly recommend your shop to everyone i know and don't know. keep
up the great work.
 roger 




the high quality of wheel collision center's alloy
wheel repair/refinish/recycling process has been featured in: 
vw
vortex , swedespeed and  audi world  


wheel collision center has customers all over the
united states . . . automobile dealers, tire dealers, body shops,
insurance
companies, auto repair shops, hubcap stores, wheel distributors and
individual automobile owners. and, daily ups shipments makes shipping
efficient. or, if you are in driving distance, call us to make an
appointment monday - saturday to have wheel collision center remove,
inspect and straighten your original or aftermarket wheel(s) while you
wait. 

call us, toll free at:
1-800-292-rims

1-800-292-7467









check out our
wheel
collision center monthly wheel specials!

like us on facebook! 
wheel collision center
 




this web site created by gbs teleproductions
this page, and all
contents, are copyright 2024 by wheel collision
center, bath, pa, usa.
























