









software testing consultancy and quality engineering specialists


































































services



quality engineering

load & performance testing services
performance engineering
test automation services
system integration testing
user acceptance testing services
security testing services
accessibility testing services
website and mobile app testing
soa and middleware testing
penetration testing
etl testing



technology

sap test automation
salesforce
workday
m365 & copilot
ellucian banner
tribal sits:vision

consultancy

testing health check
qa consultancy
cloud migration and devops testing



tools & innovation

testing genai apps
tool evaluation
accelerators

delivery models

managed testing service
team staffing
offshore testing





white paper
transforming legal tech: the essential role of quality engineering
read more >>







industries





higher education



legal



public





banking & finance



logistics



healthcare





utilities



retail



telecoms





featured blog

ai automation tools and trends in 2024: explore how ai-driven test automation tools and trends are transforming software testing and reducing time-to-market in 2024.
read more >>



featured case study

sits performance testing for clearing: ensuring reliable cloud-based systems for university of portsmouth (uop) students through performance testing and strategic advisory.
read more >>



featured white paper

transforming legaltech: delve into how quality engineering enhances efficiency, compliance, and resilience.
read more >>







training

training
istqb certified courses
training for teams



resources

case studies
blog
faq
resources



about us

careers
clients
partners
events
management team
prolifics group
accreditations
our charity
why us?


 contact us 

























 
 




+44 (0) 20 8905 2761





























comprehensive software testing health check
optimising nhs kent & medway’s pathology diagnostics and data integration with a strategic software testing health check.
read the case study





















 official g-cloud 14 supplier 
prolifics proudly announces inclusion in the g-cloud 14 framework, delivering high-quality software testing solutions for uk public sector organisations.
our services





















ai test automation in the legal sector 
prolifics testing's exclusive dinner event exploring ai test automation with senior it delegates, engaging talks, and networking at hawksmoor guildhall.
read the press release





















quality engineering services for ai
explore prolifics testing's specialised services for genai applications, ensuring reliability, fairness, and performance across all industry sectors.
find out more

























consult • transform • deliver
your trusted partner in quality engineering and software assurance
at prolifics testing, we specialise in delivering quality engineering and software assurance solutions to help organisations meet and exceed their software reliability goals. we bring over 25 years of expertise, with a team of 500+ certified consultants dedicated to ensuring the success of your most critical software projects and qa initiatives.
we have long-term strategic partnerships with opentext and tricentis for automation and performance testing tools, to offer tailored, cutting-edge qa solutions that adapt to your unique requirements. our team specialise in supporting legal / professional services and higher education, and support a wide range of sectors - helping clients with both short and long term engagements.
our adaptable, cost-effective approach provides access to trusted experts precisely when you need them. we’re committed to building enduring partnerships with our clients, delivering measurable improvements and protecting the success of every software initiative.

testing services



































all services
browse our complete list of testing services - including managed services, project specific support, health checks and test process improvement / test management consultancy.



view services






















performance
performance is a vital element of how users interact with apps and sites. our expert team can simulate thousands of users on applications, web apps and apis, identifying bottlenecks ahead of time.



view services






















automation
release faster and maximise uptime of critical apps at less cost. we implement modern test automation solutions for major enterprise apps, using the latest tools, without the headcount.



view services

















prolifics testing, with 20 years of experience and a 500+ delivery team, offers specialised testing services for the legal sector, including cloud migrations and many lawyer productivity applications, enhancing it performance and reducing business risks for law firms.
find out more












...their ability to swiftly assemble a highly skilled team and their close collaboration with both the vendor and our end users ensured the timely completion of all functional and non-functional testing. we’ll continue to choose prolifics testing as our go to supplier for burstable resource for our browne jacobson projects when we do not have internal capacity as they can quickly and seamlessly integrate with our experts.









steve brooks, head of application development, browne jacobson













some of our clients




























































































































































































































































































































solutions

test automation
perfomance testing
functional testing
accessibility testing
security testing
consultancy
projects
delivery models
training services



company

about us
management team
sectors
universities
accreditations
partners
careers
events
our charity
modern slavery statement



resources

case studies
blog
faq



contact us

t: +44 (0) 20 8905 2761
e: info@prolifics-testing.com
follow us













2025 software testing consultancy | qa & testing services by prolifics testing all rights reserved

info@prolifics-testing.com /
                                    legal / privacy policy /
                                    training terms & conditions /
                                    modern slavery statement





















chat with us, powered by livechat





