







the spa at yellow creek

























































top










































































              about
            

              services
            

        spa packages & gift cards
      

              memberships
            

        e-gift card
      



        products
      

              contact
            

              hydrafacial™
            

            keravive™
          

        text the spa 
      

the gym


        book now
      





back


              the gym website
            















































































aboutservicesspa packages & gift cardsmembershipse-gift card







award-winning day spa & gym | akron, ohio




productscontacthydrafacial™keravive™text the spa 
the gym

the gym website

book now









scroll



















    shop spa packages
  

  











welcome
immerse yourself in the most indulgent and luxurious spa treatments within the tranquil and contemporary environment of the spa at yellow creek – an award-winning day spa, gym, and wellness facility.we are a haven of inner calm and tranquility where beauty, comfort, and personal attention create a memorable & rejuvenating experience. this is our passion.



learn more






 







 

our services



nourish the body and mind






featured

























hydrafacial






click to discover hydrafacial. the hydrafacial is a high-tech treatment designed to give clients the same results as three treatments in one. by cleansing, hydrating, and nourishing the skin, the hydrafacial can work miracles on common facial issues. the safe and effective treatment is known to help acne, skin tone/texture, and oily congested skin.


























massage & body treatments






click for menuthe spa at yellow creek specializes in a full array of massage therapy services and specialty massages. our massage treatments are based on the power of essential oils. your therapist will choose an appropriate aromatherapy balm specific to your needs.we offer a number of solutions for dehydration, water retention, cellulite, and stretch marks, as well as a carefully crafted collection of body treatments and rituals designed to escape, relax, detox, invigorate, and leave you in a state of tranquility.


























facials & advanced skincare






click for menuall of our facials begin with a personalized consultation, ensuring your treatment is customized for your skin’s unique needs. our extensive menu of facials is designed with science-based, professional-grade clean formulas, rich in natural origin and high-tech ingredients enhanced by proprietary massage techniques that induce deep relaxation and a heightened sense of well-being.


























nail services






click for menuwe feature red flower, a 100% botanically based organic line. our hands and feet connect us to the earth, and red flower keeps us connected through these luxurious treatments. complete your nail treatment with on-trend colors by deborah lippmann.


























maternity wellness






click for menuour maternity treatments are designed to pamper, promote circulation, and ease the aches and pains of pregnancy. we can help you soothe sore muscles and reduce anxiety so you are ready and prepared for the arrival of your little bundle of joy.


























treatment enhancements






click for menuthese special add-on moments are designed to enhance your treatment.


























waxing






click for menuour expert aestheticians remove unwanted hair from head to toe, including brazilian waxing, through the use of hard and soft wax applications.
















    

gift wellspa gift cardsinspire health and happiness for the people you appreciate by giving the gift of wellness with a spa gift card. select from our carefully curated spa packages, or treat them to a spa gift card in any amount. 




    shop now
  

  




















“exhale and leave your cares at the door”











  











book appointment
quickly schedule an appointment for your perfect treatment or a spa day with our online booking. you can also call the spa directly at 330.665.2555, and our spa coordinators can guide you to the perfect treatment choice.



book now


















spa memberships
regular healing therapies enhance your mood, calm your skin, and soothe your body and mind. make well-being a part of your lifestyle with a spa membership. enjoy discounted treatments and other bonuses with your regular visits.



learn more


















buy gift card
pamper the people you love with a spa gift card. select from our curated spa packages, or treat them to a spa gift card in any amount. all of our gift cards are wrapped in our signature french blue silk pouch and logo satin ribbon.



buy now






  

unparalleledspa andwellnessholistic treatments and rituals are designed to shape the body and balance the mind and spirit. whether you are looking for a massage to calm the soul and relax aching muscles, a custom facial to release your inner glow, or meditation to provide relaxation or relief from stress, we have a comprehensive menu of services that approach the body as a whole.




    spa menu
  

  

















  

featured services













aromasoul volcanic body scrub ritual



learn more


















cbd power nap facial and hand treatment



learn more


















red flower nyc hammam body ritual



learn more






  







 




featured












kind words





kathy s.



kind words




i had such a fun time! thanks to everyone on your staff for the positive, relaxing and upbeat evening.



kind words











kind words





molly s.



kind words




i had a facial w/ suzette & a massage with stephanie...both of these ladies were amazing and gave this working mom exactly what she needed. thank you for helping me relax. you are both wonderful!



kind words











kind words





jennifer b.



kind words




loved everything about this spa! they made my friends birthday surprise extra special



kind words











kind words





alisa h.



kind words




my family and i had a wonderful time!! i would recommend this spa to everyone!! we will be back!!



kind words











kind words





jessica a.



kind words




i went for the first time w/ my mother for manis/pedis. it was lovely; everyone is so nice & attentive & go out of the way to make you feel special. it's worth the price. can't wait to go back



kind words



















new page



home2



home3



home4



home6



testimonials








 













the spa at yellow creek
3636 yellow creek road,
akron, oh, 44333,
united states
330.665.2555
info@yellowcreekspa.com


hours
mon  8am to 8pm
tue  8am to 8pm
wed  8am to 8pm
thu  8am to 8pm
fri  8am to 8pm
sat  8am to 7pm
sun  9am to 6pm




how to spa
faq's
spa cuisine menu
new clients
guest intake
client login
popular links
guest survey
buy a gift card
treatment menu
our products
spa memberships
fitness
subscribe
contact
gallery
company
about
careers
staff bios
employee portal
facebook review
guest survey
privacy policy
pws lead & copper results consumer notification



 

the spa at yellow creek3636 yellow creek road | akron, oh  44333330.665.2555  info@yellowcreekspa.com



spa hours  m-f 8a-8p | sat 8a-7p | sun 8:30a-6pgym hoursm-f 5:30a-8p | sat 8a-7p | sun 8a-6p

 

© 2024 the spa at yellow creek, llc. all rights reserved



































    what about my footer injection? 





















