



 




winfield wv - winfield west virginia - putnam county wv - news and tourism resources in the winfield west virginia area - putnam county, wv - home page











home | contact us
















riffle falls, near millwood, wv
                    see photos and videos of riffle falls (aka the riffle waterfall). the height of this natural waterfall is 8 feet. with the right weather conditions, the riffle waterfall projects a dazzling sunlight reflection onto a rock.
see photos and videos















9 domains of cities in west virginia
                    explore the list of these potential tourism resources.
see more information















pysanky (ukrainian easter eggs)
                    (handmade, dyed eggs)
                    several designs are shown.
see more photos and read about them















asian radishes
                    (organically grown in millwood, wv)
                    radishes have numerous varieties, varying in size, color, ........
read more















hedge apples in millwood, wv
                    click on the link below to see what the hedge apple tree and hedge apples look like.....
see more photos















tame blackberries in millwood, wv
                    click on the link below to see what the blackberry vines and blackberries look like.....
see more photos















cross pin
                    you only need to know how to make one knot to make this beautiful, handcrafted pin.......
see how to make it















1948 canada nickels - 14 of 1,810,789 minted
                    this is a semi-key coin, due to the low mintage that year.
see more photos















1970 canada nickels - 4 of 5,726,010 minted
                    although not really a semi-key coin, it did have the lowest mintage since 1948.
see more photos















1967 canada centennial nickel
                    this nickel has a rabbit on it, instead of a beaver. it shows the date as 1867 -  1967.
see more photos















2006 canada pennies: magnetic, with no logo and no "p" - ultra rare (qty of 2 are shown).
                    this is a rare error coin. being magnetic (steel), it should have either a royal canadian mint logo or a letter "p" on the front of the coin. worth about $60.00 to $100.00 each in this condition (not mint). found in pocket change in ravenswood, wv in 2018.
see more photos
















        this website is not affiliated with any federal, state, county, city, town, municipal, township, or local government.

copyright â© 2021 linkedads.com, llc and winfieldwv.com. all rights reserved.
 all logos, trademarks, banners, and photos are property of their respective owners.
 although an effort is made to ensure accuracy, we are not responsible for errors,
 omissions, typographical errors, or advertising content contained on this website.




