














             
		   xnet - data center, cloud, colocation services | chicago
        








































  for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
 here are the  instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser.  



call us at: 630-983-6064
contact us
about us
blog
customer support










data center
why xnet?

history
our people
technology providers
testimonials


services

colocation services
cloud services
web & app hosting
email hosting
dedicated connectivity


our customers
resources















 hosting services  host your hardware and applications
in a grown-up data center  colocation services  cloud services  dedicated connectivity 



















high-performance
from fast network switches and servers to premier horizontal scale-out architecture and pillared services delivery, performance is in our dna.









intense customization
“one-size-fits-all” doesn’t fit you, so we designed and built our services to bring unique solutions to your unique problems.









high-touch relationships
no offshore support. we don’t even use online chat support. we only have real people who get you and get your problems.








the power needed to keep your business online.you know what happens when your power goes out. staying online is more than just backup generators or multiple fiber ports tied to the data center, its redundancies in the internal systems and critical infrastructure that supports your business. tell me more



a grown-up data center for
grown-up hardware and applications.




over 1,000 companies trust xnetwe build our business around keeping yours online, and every day we’re trusted to do so. even if there’s an issue, our customers can expect immediate, honest communication and zero spin. it’s why they rave about us. meet our customers












adios hardware.
say hello to peace of mind.relieve yourself of hardware headaches and costs. let xnet help evaluate your migration to the cloud so you can free up your it resources for what really matters.
dump the hardware. head to the cloud.
















constant support 24x7x365


 630-983-6064 sales 


email us


business hours: 9am-5pm cst









data centerlocation
power
cooling
network
security

why xnet?history
our people
technology providers
testimonials

servicescolocation services
cloud services
web & app hosting
email hosting
dedicated connectivity

resourcesdata sheets
case studies

about usmanagement
community
careers
contact us

 






© 2014 xnet information systems, inc.  all rights reserved.
legal
sitemap
 











