





wine country getaways - wine country getaways

















































skip to content 





 
 


 
menu 




menu 
wine regions

healdsburg wineries
napa valley wine country guide
healdsburg – russian river wine country
sonoma valley wine country planning guide
mendocino wine country
carneros
paso robles wine country
santa barbara wine country
livermore valley wineries
lodi wineries
sierra foothills wineries
monterey wineries
santa cruz wineries
lake county wine country
yolo county wine country


tasting room guide

tasting room etiquette
napa valley on a budget 2022
what to pack for a wine country picnic
how to taste wine
bocce wineries
organic wineries
vineyard year
best wine country backroads
winery wine clubs
buying wine at a winery
wine varietals
wine appellations
solar wineries in california
how many bottles of wine in a barrel?
hiking in wine country


wine guide

pairing food & wine

which wines for dinner?


which wine glass
decanting wine
which corkscrew works best
corkage fees
corked wine

preserving wine – what to do with the unfinished bottle of wine


hosting a wine tasting party – how to pull it off

hosting a serious wine tasting party
how to host a fun and casual wine tasting party
wine scoring sheets | wine tasting forms | wine scorecards
checklist for successful wine tasting


wine gifts for wine geeks

best wine books
top ten wine cookbooks
best wine fiction books


best wine bargains
wine collection tips


wine country insider

wine trails off the beaten path
quick getaways
hiking in wine country
when to visit wine country
which wine region to visit and why
redwoods and vineyards


blog
 


 
















wine information
november 17, 2023
semi sweet red wine: exploring flavors, pairings, and preferences








napa valley
unveiling the 32 best napa valley wineries for an unforgettable tasting journey





napa on a budget, napa valley
napa valley on a budget?






we recently added two helpful articles. the first is “where to go in california wine country in 2023. the second is all about the “big three wineries in paso robles.”
 wine country getaways – california’s best wine regions
where do you want to go in wine country – planning guides

napa valley
sonoma west – healdsburg 
sonoma valley – city of sonoma
paso robles
mendocino
santa barbara
lodi
livermore
santa cruz

• what is the difference between sonoma, sonoma valley, sonoma county
• comparing napa valley and sonoma wine country
• deciding which california wine region to visit


napa valley
best wine trails in napa valley


sonoma valley
best wine trails in sonoma



healdsburg

best wine trails near healdsburg


paso robles
best paso wine trails


mendocino
anderson valley


santa barbara
santa barbaries wine trails



best wine country travel books
sierra foothills 

wine country – sierra foothills wine trails


lodi 
lodi wine trails


livermore
livermore wine trails





carneros
carneros wine trails


monterey
monterey wine trails


santa cruz
santa cruz wine trails



best wine country travel books
about wine country getaways 
we love wine country. we love searching for wine, food, and other delights. these pages contain our discoveries from years of traveling to all the great wine regions of california and other famous wine areas. follow our wine trails and recommendations for where to wine, dine, lodge, and have other fantastic adventures.
since the days of covid, wine country has been different for the traveler. reservations at a winery are now the norm. tasting room fees have more than doubled. once was the day you could head to napa valley or sonoma and wing it, as they say. now it is essential to plan which wineries you want to visit and taste wine or take a tour.
what you find in these pages:  designated wine trails in large and small wine regions in california. the wine trails lead to a mix of wineries and tasting rooms that will delight the wine country traveler. find out which are the best wineries for visiting and learning about wine. discover the best lodging and restaurants. follow insider tips for discovering little-known backroads, picnic areas, hiking, and much more in wine country.
wine businesses are constantly in flux, especially after the covid epidemic. even though we try our best, we cannot keep the listings on this website entirely up to date. keep that in mind when you plan your trip.

happy couple at the yorkville cellars winery in mendocino county
wine country getaways takes no advertising from wineries. the winery recommendations and blog reports are solely from our travel experiences. where else on the internet is it possible to have this type of unbiased wine country information?
to stay in tune with the latest wine country travel information, sign up for our blog reports and articles. there is always something of current interest on wine country getaways. 












california wine country regions: carneros  •   livermore  •  lodi  •  mendocino  •  monterey  •  napa valley  •  paso robles  •  santa barbara county  •  santa cruz mts.  •  sierra foothills  •  russian river  •  sonoma valley
 

about usabout us
contact us
advertise
 








					© wine country getaways | 2024				



 



search for:
















