











golem

















































 





















menu




home
news
shows
music
about
photos
albums
events
contact














news






 

golem on amazon’s hunters

check out golem in the upcoming amazon blockbuster hunters. al pacino and company are hunting nazis in 1970’s nyc. we were happy to join the party.




06 feb 20




 

purim show with zion80

join us for a special purim show with golem and zion80 on match 16 @ drom, nyc.
buy your tickets here




01 mar 19




 

new video!

new video, vodka is poison, is out today. enjoy!




01 mar 16




 

new video “chervona ruta”!

we just released a new video of ukrainian song “chervona ruta” (червона рута). enjoy!




29 jan 15




 

tanz is out!

you can buy the new cd on bandcamp or purchase digital version on itunes or google play. cds purchased from bandcamp will be autographed while supplies last!





06 may 14




 

new video released!

a new video for “freydele”, a new song from golem’s upcoming album tanz, was released!




16 apr 14


















show schedule




more shows coming soon…

 











golem music



 




tanz  [tanz]






freydele [tanz]






i’m a snake [tanz]






train across ukraine [citizen boris]






mirror mirror [citizen boris]






charlatanka [fresh off boat]






tucheses and nenes [citizen boris]













about golem




klezmer-rock band golem was founded by annette ezekiel kogan in new york city in 2000. since then, the band (annette ezekiel kogan, aaron diskin, jeremy brown, curtis hasselbring, taylor bergren-chrisman, tim monaghan) has become a leading re-interpreter and innovator of yiddish and eastern european music, pushing tradition forward into the 21st century. golem performs nationally across the united states and internationally, in clubs and festivals in france, germany, poland, sweden and mexico. after self-released album “homesick songs” (2004), golem released two albums, “fresh off boat” (2006) and “citizen boris” (2009) on independent jewish label, jdub records. their new release, “tanz” (2014) on the prestigious mexican label corasón digital and produced by tony maimone of pere ubu, marks a conscious move into new territory, with mainly original material. the album was released to great critical acclaim and was reviewed on the npr program “fresh air.” golem’s music has been featured in several films and documentaries from the u.s., germany and russia, and most recently the band performed on an episode in season 4 of the hit television show, “louie.” golem is known for its virtuosic musicianship, theatricality, humor and fearless wild energy, combined with a boundless love of tradition. golem is clearly “not your grandparents’ klezmer.” (npr)


the players

 



annette ezekiel kogan
vocals, accordion
					founder and leader of golem, annette ezekiel kogan is a performer, singer, writer, dancer, linguist and pianist who picked up the accordion in order to learn ukrainian and russian tunes, and then fell in love with yiddish song. with this extraordinary group of musicians, annette is able to combine all her passions, bring raw material to the band from her research and travels, and add the special twist that makes it all golem.
						






aaron diskin
vocals
					aaron diskin is an artist living and working in new york city. in addition to playing with golem he can be found stirring up trouble with his bands flying teeth, predator prey, and lycaon pictus. otherwise he is usually encountered making photographs, or paintings of waves and water.
						






jeremy brown
violin
					in front of the chuppah at a hasidish wedding or onstage in a bar on the lower east side, jeremy brown has been a string player since the day he picked up a cigar box with a ruler attached in his first suzuki class.  jeremy plays viola and violin with “pitom”, who have released two albums on john zorn’s tzadik records. his first solo album, "this year in st. louis", was released in 2001. he consistently exceeds osha regulation limits when playing acoustically.
						






curtis hasslebring
trombone
					curtis hasselbring is a composer, trombonist and guitarist who has spent the last 20 years in new york city’s experimental, jazz and world music scenes performing and recording with such diverse artists as medeski martin & wood, frank london, tom harrell and john hollenbeck. curtis appears on over 80 recordings including three releases as a leader with his group, the new mellow edwards.  he also leads a busy life creating electronic music under the name curha.
						






taylor bergren-chrisman
bass
					self-taught on electric bass and formally schooled on upright, taylor bergren-chrisman is a los angeles native who began his musical career playing gypsy-jazz in paris, france shortly before moving to nyc and joining golem. since then he has cultivated a deep interest in traditional music of eastern europe and beyond. from 2009-2012 he traveled as part of the cultural exchange program american voices to teach and perform old-time and bluegrass music, playing with local musicians and visiting many countries including yemen, turkmenistan, algeria and belize.
						






tim monaghan
drums
					tim monaghan is a brooklyn-based drummer, with a bfa in jazz performance from the new school. tim has experience performing and recording many styles of music from rock (j.a.c.k., the walkmen), soul (deva and the delmonts), psych-folk (brute force), to classical (hunter symphony). he is currently working toward a master’s in music education from hunter college and hopes to pursue a dual career of musician/music educator.
						














photos











            golem
          








            golem
          








            golem
          




























 









official releases







tanz

released: 2014
label: discos corason

buy cd @ bandcamp
buy @ amazon
buy @ google play
buy @ itunes





citizen boris

released: 2009
label: jdub

buy @ amazon
buy @ google play
buy @ itunes

 





fresh off boat

released: 2006
label: jdub

buy @ amazon
buy @ google play
buy @ itunes

 





homesick songs

released: 2004
label: aeronaut records

buy @ amazon
buy @ google play
buy @ itunes





libershmertzn (love hurts)

released: 2002
label: golem records

 









jewish wedding music and private events



to find out about booking golem for a wedding or another private event click here.











contact us
follow golem on social networks





















send us a message





send


                    sending...
                
















 ©2001 - 2024 golem











































top

