

j.r. burrows & company







        sadly, j.r. burrows passed away on may 20th, 2023. his obituary can be
        viewed at
        nitardy funeral homes. this site is a memorial to his work.
      


          for wallpaper and fabric inquiries, see waterhouse wallhangings


          for carpet inquiries, see grosvenor wilton








 







historical-design merchants









offering art for your home since 1985!


 



 
 




burrows studio
                  consulting services john burrows, historic carpet and period floor covering consultant;
            business established 1985
            
about j.r. burrows & company and burrows studio


lace curtains


burrows studio design list, arts & crafts movement
                  designs


burrows studio: wallpaper designs

jennie b. jones

c.f.a. voysey wallpaper and fabric design


candace wheeler fabric and wallpaper designs


burrows studio: fabric designs


william morris carpet designs


stourvale mill carpet collection


brief history of english carpets, and the stourvale
                  mill


historic carpet cleaning methods in the nineteenth and
                twentieth centuries







work of j.r. burrows & co.


the director


doing business with us


burrows & co. events page

related links

what's new





            "a specialist decorative furnishings supplier in the english
            tradition, featuring arts & crafts movement wallpaper,
            furnishing fabric and william morris carpet marketed as the burrows
            studio collection, scottish lace curtains, and the stourvale mill
            collection of wilton and brussels reproduction historic carpet from
            the federal, neo-classical and victorian periods."











                   






burrows studio
art wallpaper




                   lace curtains






english and american arts & crafts movement designs
                        from the 1880s - 1920s. our designs are particularly
                        well suited for queen anne, shingle style, colonial
                        revival houses, arts & crafts bungalows, and
                        victorian revival homes.




scottish lace curtain panels in authentic designs for
                        victorian, arts & crafts, and art deco homes. we
                        specialize in stocking a large range of sizes and
                        styles.


















william morris carpets, rugs & runners




                   bespoke wilton and brussels carpets






woven on the original looms in england, suited for
                        large area rugs, wall-to-wall installation and stair
                        runners.




the finest collection of historic carpet designs, from
                        the 1790s - 1950s, woven to order. expert historical
                        design consultation on period floorcoverings is offered
                        by our staff.






visiting our office


j.r. burrows & co. is located in rockland,
                    massachusetts, 20 miles se of boston on route 3. please make
                    an appointment with our staff. for historic carpets please
                    indicate the style and period of interest prior to
                    visiting.




images: upper left, stairhall, elsa wallpaper in blue at
                    our showroom. upper right, neo-grec panels at hamilton
                    house, whitewater, wi. lower left, wreath carpet by morris
                    and honeybee wallpaper by candace wheeler at our showroom.
                    lower right: grand floral medallions at white hall,
                    richmond, ky below: john jay homestead, katonah, ny credit:
                    john burrows


                  please visit us on facebook
                  facebook
                  for new projects and products.
                








news! 







john burrows contributed to research for peter
                            waddell's painting
                            
                              the splendid mrs. madison in the "elliptical
                              saloon," 1810-1814. 14 paintings envision the white house in
                            different eras in a new exhibit
                            an artist visits the white house.








john burrows recommends that people visiting boston see
                        the 
                        new art of the americas wing of the museum of fine arts,
                        boston, ma.
                        burrows studio products are featured in these galleries
                        and period rooms.





















oak hill parlor brussels carpet



oak hill dining room - brussels carpet



oak hill bedroom - brussels carpet



gothic gallery - brussels carpet





















life in america gallery - wilton carpet



roswell gleason room - wilton carpet



roswell gleason - madras muslin curtains



aesthetic gallery - honeybee wallpaper









            
          








federal style carpet


                  the finest collection of floorcoving for american federal
                  period and regency rooms. burrows & co. is a specialist
                  supplier of carpet woven to match the authentic designs and
                  colorings of regency england that were imported to america in
                  great quantity. we provide consultation services on historic
                  floorcoverings for homeowners and museums.
                











booknotes: further readings on
                  nineteenth century interior design, sponsored by j.r. burrows
                  & co. for information on programs of interest to
                  enthusiasts of the 19th century, please look at the
                  victorian events calendar, sponsored
                  by j.r. burrows & co.
                





founders of the arts & crafts movement 1870 - 1900,
                  an anthology of writings on design by william morris and his
                  contemporaries, sponsored by j.r. burrows & co.
                














j.r. burrows & company


      web design by
      misch'n impossible~

















