ï»¿








prjc events

all that jazz

hot jazz news

dc local jazz bands

musicians' exchange

jazz links











welcome to prjc











features






upcoming prjc jazz events
jazz happenings this month
hot jazz news
dc local jazz bands
the musicians' exchange
jazz links





prjc




about the prjc
become a member
renew your membership
send prjc e-mail














address change?






do 
			you need to change your e-mail or street address? send prjc email with your former street address or e-mail address and new street address.











sample newsletter






to receive a free sample
 		copy of "tailgate ramblings" 
		send
 		an e-mail to prjc with "sample newsletter" 
		as the subject line and include your name and email address in the text, 
		or click here for a pdf sample of our newsletter: march tailgate.
















		   the 
	potomac river jazz club is a nonprofit society whose purpose is to preserve, encourage and promote the playing and appreciation of traditional jazz. 
	on our web site you’ll find information about trad jazz happenings 
	in the washington-baltimore area, about our organization, about our affiliated jazz bands, about 
	jazz history, and about many other items of interest to jazz fans. and be sure to check out what 
	prjc is doing to encourage young musicians to play traditional jazz with 
	the capital focus youth jazz band. 
	please look around the site, and if you want to make a comment or a suggestion, ask a question
	or just say “hi,” please send us an e-mail. the prjc can also be reached at 484 626-0887.






upcoming jazz events  
				
	 mark your calendar for upcoming prjc events:
	



feb 10: prjc zoom jazz talk: stride piano, keys to harlem's renaissance featuring tom roberts
 7pm. free, online via zoom. registration by 5pm on the day of the event is required: 
zoom registration link


feb 23: prjc mardi gras concert with orleans express jazz band 
1:30-4pm at rosensteel hall, 9707 rosensteel avenue silver spring, md 
 ticket purchase


march 9: prjc jam session with 
the conservatory classic jazz band 
2:30-5pm at alfio's la trattoria, 4515 willard avenue, chevy chase, md. ph: 301 657-9133. $10. 
ticket purchase


march 10: prjc zoom jazz talk: stomp off, let's go! the early years of louis armstrong with ricky riccardi  7pm. free, online via zoom. registration by 5pm on the day of the event is required: 
zoom registration link


march 16: heather pierson with an all star local lineup 
at rosensteel hall, 9707 rosensteel avenue silver spring, md, 2-4:30pm 
purchase tickets



you can support the prjc, our monthly educational talks and prjc concerts 
 using the paypal link www.paypal.me/potomacriverjazzclub





  check out the prjc upcoming events page for more information on 
all prjc events, including directions and advanced tickets purchases.
	 
	  looking for more jazz in the region? 
	prjc’s “all that jazz” page lists 
	live traditional jazz and ragtime music	happenings in the washington-baltimore metropolitan area.



past events 

if you missed any of our recent jazz educational discussions, you can view all 
past event videos on the prjc youtube page:
prjc youtube channel.






prjc 50th anniversary logo polo shirts and hats!
 
on sale now!





prjc shirts & hats
polo shirts - small $25.00 usd
polo shirts - medium $25.00 usd
polo shirts -  large $25.00 usd
polo shirts -  x large $25.00 usd
polo shirts -  2x large $25.00 usd
hat - tan $15.00 usd
hat - tan and blue $15.00 usd
 













the prjc band highlight


"mini mardi gras concert 2021," featuring prjc all-time favorite band orleans express! 


  have a video clip of your band playing a hot jazz tune on youtube?
		 send prjc an email and your video could be highlighted here!
		 priority is given, but not limited, to prjc-affiliated bands. 
prjc
 				e-mail - please include the embed code or link to video.









advertise in the tailgate ramblings
			 
	  you can place a jazz-related advertisement in the prjc’s 12-page newsletter 
	and pay for it online using your credit card and the paypal system. 
	“tailgate ramblings” is read by more than 700 prjc members in the washington-baltimore area 
	when it is delivered to their homes every month.
			get details.








e-mail service with jazz news of interest
			 
			  the potomac river jazz club offers an e-mail information service. 
			the club will e-mail periodic 
			“hot jazz flashes” containing information of immediate interest 
			to members. we send flashes before our current month's event, and occaisionally do so if there are changes to the information.  we do not share our email lists outside of the prjc and try to keep our email notices to a minimum. 

		   if you would like to be added to our e-mail list, send an e-mail to 
			prjclub@gmail.com, 
			put “prjc hot jazz flashes” in the subject line and the word “subscribe” in the text.

























prjc home


upcoming prjc jazz events

all that jazz this month

hot jazz news


affiliated bands

musicians' exchange

jazz links

about prjc

become a member

send prjc e-mail







site content
		(c) 1998-2025 the potomac river jazz club










