


	home























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




toggle navigation








martin army community hospital


                    martin army community hospital
                






search


search this site: 


search




search this site: 


search













getting care



appointments & referrals
            


doctor on demand
            


driving directions
            


mhs genesis
            


mhs nurse advice line
            


my military health
            


new patient resources
            


visitor guidelines
            




health services



case management
            


contraceptive care
            


dental



dental clinics
            




emergency & urgent care
            


hospital care & surgery
            


lab tests & radiology



laboratory
            


radiology
            




medical efmp
            


mental health
            


pharmacy



fill a new prescription form
            


pharmacy resources
            


q-anywhere
            




preventive care



covid-19 vaccine
            


food operations safety course
            


nutrition services
            




primary care



family medicine residency



about the program
            


curriculum
            






readiness



soldier recovery unit
            


viprr
            


warrior care
            




specialty care



allergy/immunology service
            


cardiology
            


dermatology
            


gastroenterology services
            


neurology
            


ophthalmology
            


orthopedics
            


otolaryngology (ent)
            


rehabilitative services
            


sleep medicine center
            


sullivan memorial blood center
            


urology
            


vision



ophthalmology
            


optometry
            




women's health & pregnancy



community resources
            


essential for spouses
            


getting ready for delivery day
            


getting started during pregnancy
            


mother baby unit
            






other
            




patient resources



access to care



patient centered medical home
            


performance triad
            


secure messaging
            


system for health
            




customer service
            


dha office of the inspector general
            


faqs



warrior transition battalion faqs
            




feedback
            


forms
            


healthcare resolutions
            


mhs notice of privacy practices
            


pastoral care
            


patient administration
            


patient rights & responsibilities
            


policies



hipaa
            




related links 
            


virtual education center
            




news & gallery



articles
            


dha health news 
            


videos
            




clinics



30th adjutant general reception battalion clinic
            


consolidated troop medical clinic
            


dahlonega troop medical clinic #6
            


eglin troop medical clinic #4
            


eglin troop medical clinic #8
            


harmony church troop medical clinic
            


mcclellan medical aid facility
            


sledgehammer troop medical clinic
            


winder troop medical clinic
            




about us



about the dha
            


about the mhs
            


careers
            


clinical operations
            


contact us
            


directory
            


graduate medical education
            


leadership
            


quality management
            




tricare
		
















martin army community hospital (mach) labor and delivery (l&d) will be on full divert status (emergency ob care only) starting november 1 for the next 30-120 days due to an ob nursing shortage. during this time, mach l&d will have very limited staff and will only be able to support obstetric emergencies. most newborns will need to be delivered at one of our civilian network hospitals.  labor and delivery page

















beneficiaries are advised that the official mhs genesis patient portal is accessible at https://patientportal.mhsgenesis.health.mil. it remains a secure website for 24/7 access to your personal health information. if you find any websites that reference the mhs genesis patient portal or other information about mhs genesis that are not part of the .mil domain, those are not official government websites or affiliated with the department of defense or military health system. for your cyber safety, only use official websites. if you have questions about the mhs genesis patient portal, you can call the defense health agency global service center at 800-600-9332 or dsn 312-838-3000, available 24/7 or visit https://patientportal.mhsgenesis.health.mil.
































my military health: improving the patient experience
great health care is more than just appointments and treatments. with my military health, you’ll enjoy a simpler health care experience – with more opportunities for virtual care. powered by advanced digital tools, my military health helps you engage in your health when, where, and how you need to.

learn more about dha's new model of care!

















visit our new virtual education center!
the defense health agency’s virtual education center is an online educational platform with more than 50,000 resources covering 60 medical topics. the virtual education center puts the power in your hands to research health topics before you talk to your provider.

visit our new virtual education center!















mhs genesis - electronic health record
mhs genesis, the new electronic health record for the military health system, provides enhanced, secure technology to manage your health information. mhs genesis integrates inpatient and outpatient solutions that will connect medical and dental information across the continuum of care, from point of injury to the military treatment facility. this includes garrison, operational, and en route care, increasing efficiencies for beneficiaries and healthcare professionals. mhs genesis provides a single health record for service members, veterans, and their families.

learn more















women's health & pregnancy
find out how to get the care you need.

learn more















mhs genesis is here!
mhs genesis is the new electronic health record for the military health system and department of defense.

learn more















q-anywhere
new! remote pharmacy check-in using q-anywhere
now you can reduce your wait time at the pharmacy for new or renewal prescriptions. martin army community hospital now offers remote pharmacy check-in using q-anywhere. with remote pharmacy check-in, you can activate your prescription with a simple text message from your phone. q-anywhere is currently available at the main hospital's outpatient pharmacy only.

learn more















interactive customer evaluation
do you know about the interactive customer evaluation, or ice? ice is a web-based tool that collects feedback on services provided by various organizations throughout the department of defense. the ice system allows customers to submit online comment cards to provide feedback to the service providers they have encountered at military installations and related facilities around the world. it is designed to improve customer service by allowing managers to monitor the satisfaction levels of services provided through reports and customer comments.

send us feedback




















quality and safety reports






make an appointment






connect with a patient advocate






























martin army community hospital news and updates







news


                        united for success: soldiers and teachers work together through partners in education (pie)
                        
                    

                        from fall 2023 to may 2024, fort middle school faced a critical need to improve its 8th graders' georgia milestones assessment system (gmas) test scores to retain magnet academy funding. martin army community hospital joined forces with the school in a powerful collaboration known as pie.
                        









news







                        pharmacy upgrades: quicker service, reduced waits
                        
                    

                        no time to wait for your new prescriptions to be filled? never fear, martin army community hospital pharmacy is here. use rapid return!
                        









news


                        prucc catches rare covid complication
                        
                    

                        “it was scary, but i knew i wasn’t going to lose him.” a mother’s faith sustained her through the most terrifying week of her life, as her 10-year-old son fought off a rare but serious covid complication in the pediatric intensive care unit.
                        









news


                        medical support assistants: the face of mach
                        
                    

                        “i will stay out here until there is no longer a need,” vowed tara hopkins. the medical support assistant works in martin army community hospital’s covid testing tent. hopkins volunteered for the duty last august. as an msa, hopkins is often the very first face patients see when they come to mach.
                        









        more
        









tricare news and updates







news







                        learn how to get care from dental specialists with the tricare dental program
                        
                    

                        if you’re a tricare dental program member, you might need to see different types of dentists for specific tooth and mouth problems. luckily, the tdp, administered by united concordia, offers a wide range of specialists in conus and oconus locations.
                        









news







                        tricare west region contractor transition: what to know if you live in the west region
                        
                    

                        on jan. 1, tricare began delivering health care under its new regional contracts. this means that triwest healthcare alliance is now the contractor for the tricare west region, including six states that moved from the east region. the defense health agency is aware that some west region beneficiaries have experienced challenges since jan. 1. together, the dha and triwest are actively implementing strategies to address these concerns.
                        









news







                        tricare pharmacy network expands with addition of kroger pharmacies
                        
                    

                        on feb. 5, the kroger family of pharmacies rejoined the tricare pharmacy program network. this means that tricare beneficiaries now have access to over 2,200 additional network pharmacies across 35 states.
                        









local news







                        tricare message to west region beneficiaries
                        
                    

                        a message to west region tricare beneficiaries from the defense health agency director.
                        









        more
        















dod safe helpline






988 suicide & crisis lifeline






dod sexual assault prevention and response office


















don't forget to keep your family's information up to date in deers!























martin army community hospital
6600 van aalst blvd.
fort moore, ga 31905
usa







stay connected












e-mail updates
sign up to receive tricare updates and news releases via e-mail.
patient advocate
phone: 762-408-2598/2599
email: dha.moore.martin-ach.mbx.bcacdcao-ftmoore-ga@health.mil
 










www.tricare.mil is an official website of the  defense health agency (dha), a component of the military health system.
tricare is a registered trademark of the department of defense (dod), dha. all rights reserved.
the appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the dha of non-u.s. government sites or the information, products, or services contained therein. although the dha may or may not use these sites as additional distribution channels for department of defense information, it does not exercise editorial control over all of the information that you may find at these locations. such hyperlinks are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this website.
some documents are presented in portable document format (pdf). a pdf reader is required for viewing. download a pdf reader or learn more about pdfs.











need to submit a claim?
send it to the correct claims address.
need technical help?
find the right contact info for the help you need.
dha address
7700 arlington boulevard
suite 5101
falls church, va 22042-5101

    
 














privacy policy
privacy program
information quality
open government
plain writing
accessibility/section 508
fraud & abuse
foia
no fear act
usa.gov









hosted by defense media activity - web.mil












