






home page










         







welcome to
i5 network solutions 
your quickest path onto the 
information superhighway...
at
i5 network solutions, we 
look to create an easy way to access the internet and to place commerce on the 
net in a quick amount of time and at a reasonable rate.
we offer basic and 
full network dial-up depending on your internet needs. all 
full network dial-ups allow you access to the internet over most of the
continental us as well as parts 
of canada.


i5 
network solutions hot  
topics   



website spotlight:

http://www.civilsolutions.com

    civil engineering specialists in drainage hydraulics and hydrology.  

    makers of cs drainage studio and cs utility suite software
 last weeks spotlight was
    
    http://www.compositemodelworks.com .  we manufacture the "spyder 
    moth" kit
    and provide related accessories for radio controlled flying.

i5 network solutions 
    picks one of the sites hosted on our network and we feature it here! sites 
    are evaluated for content and rating before posting.



helpful hints:


    secret content needed to maximize search engine submissions...
here we will post links to helpful topics 
    for maximizing your ability to get the most out of the internet.  all 
    previous articles are listed at 
    http://www.i5net.net/helpful_hints
any  questions please feel 
    free to call us at 916-456-7240 (10 am to 7 pm monday 
    - friday) any calls other than these times will be directed to our 
    on-call technician who will be happy to assist you in your internet needs. 
    i5 network solutions   
    offices will observe all us national holidays, but in case of emergency our 
    on-call technician will return your call.




*webmaster quotes:



if you ever find a quote or a special day you would like 
    to see on the page, email us at 
    webmaster@i5net.net
welcome to the beginning of a wonderful and 
    exciting time in i5 network 
    solutions. sometimes getting on-line is a little intimidating, 
    unless you know where to look. recently i found this site, which answers 
    many basic questions asked.
    learn the net: a 
    guide to  surfing the net.



funny signs 
    around the world:



*seen 
        in a health food store —
        " shoplifters will be beaten over the head with an organic carrot ".




* don't waste your time with those "free" sites.... (or you'll get what you 
pay for). host with the professionals.
©i5 network 
solutions 2003

webmaster@i5net.net


*i5 
network solutions is dedicated to providing and hosting quality web 
content. we reserve the right to refuse of terminate service to any customer as 
a result of complaints or discovery of offensive material. thank you.



