



	homes for sale in lexington, homes for sale in louisville, kentucky real estate, knoxville homes













ball homes

home
call now



christie’s international real estate bluegrasswalden mortgage grouprental homes


follow us:

facebook












menumenu
homelocations
central kentuckylouisvilleknoxville
floor plans
all floor planstrend collectiontownhomes
open housequick move
central kentuckylouisvilleknoxville
employmentcontact us







photo galleries
ball advantage
about us
testimonials


search for your new home today!












mortgage guide
questions about homebuying? get started with the mortgage guide from walden mortgage group.




the peninsula townhomes
privacy, personal space, and a low-maintenance lifestyle.




create and build your vision
browse our floor plan catalogs!




we're building!
view available and upcoming homes in our quick move inventory.






news

design center tourpeninsula townhomes available!new versailles locationnew model homes!browse catalogsthe landing at grey oakdesign center open house




save on closing costs with the walden mortgage incentive
choose walden mortgage to finance the purchase of a new ball home and receive up to 2% of the loan amount in closing costs and/or prepaids from ball homes at closing.




design center open house
the central kentucky design center will host open house on select tuesdays from 4-6pm.  come see us and preview the available beautiful finishes and products to choose from when building your new home!



sanders garden release
(lexington) new release! now selling in the final phase of the popular sanders garden community, on lexington's west side.  sander garden offers close access to citation boulevard off greendale road.  two new plans, the tristan and the palmer, are added for this phase.
 



ball homes has been making new home dreams come true since 1959. a longtime leader in the central kentucky homebuilding market, we also offer new homes in the louisville, kentucky and knoxville, tennessee areas. we are proud to offer homes for most any family size and lifestyle, with great luxury options and available features, all at attainable prices. choose your floor plan and homesite to create the perfect build to suit home, or make your move with one of our quick move homes.  new homes are available in central kentucky in lexington, georgetown, nicholasville, and versailles.  in tennessee, we have locations in west knoxville and the hardin valley area, and maryville.










testimonials
disclaimers and policies


    copyright © 2007-2025.
    ball homes llc. all rights reserved.
    site by hammond communications group.
disclaimers and policies



facebook


christie’s international real estate bluegrasswalden mortgage grouprental homes






    copyright © 2007-2025.
    ball homes llc. all rights reserved.
    site by hammond communications group.
disclaimers and policies






























