














 





















commercial insurance broker edmonton | lloyd sadd insurance











































 
skip to content



toll-free: 1.800.665.5243






lloyd sadd






menu

about

our team
careers
our approach
testimonials
community investment & sponsorships
disclosures
navacord


insurance

commercial insurance

agriculture
ambulance
auto dealership
construction
design professionals
energy
forestry & wood products
hospitality
landscaping and nurseries
manufacturing
not-for-profit
property management & real estate
public entity
technology
transporation
small business & entrepreneurs


personal insurance

auto insurance
condo insurance
renters insurance
home insurance
umbrella insurance
senior driving insurance
private client solutions


specialty programs

federation of calgary communities
realprosure
dentist professional liability program
canadian lpn program
paramedic program
acupuncturist program
dairy queen members
nsa canada insurance program
fort mckay insurance and risk services
shop program
yoga association of alberta
tech start-ups and consultants program
oil & gas contractors
water ski and wakeboard canada program
radon professional insurance
empire banquet hall
new horizon mall insurance program
homes by avi


executive risk

crime
cyber risk
directors’ & officers’ liability
employment practices liability
fiduciary liability insurance
kidnap & ransom


insurance products

commercial auto liability
aviation
boiler & machinery
builders’ risk
business interruption
cargo
casualty
contractor insurance
credit insurance
environmental impairment liability
employers’ liability
errors and omissions
garage auto liability
general liability
inland marine
product recall
professional liability
property
trade credit & political risk
umbrella
war & terrorism
workers’ compensation
wrap-up liability




benefits, pensions & investments

employee benefits
group retirement & pension
lloyd sadd wealth / acpi
strive insure


services

risk management
property & casualty risk services
transportation risk management
surety & bonding
claims advocacy

report a claim




insights & events

insights

general commercial
construction
energy
hospitality
manufacturing
not for profit
real estate
transportation
cyber
personal insurance


news
events


client connect
contact us

report a claim
get an instant business quote
payment options


 







elevating insurance, benefits & risk management
we listen. we think. we deliver.







trusted advisors making a difference
lloyd sadd is a navacord broker partner, one of canada’s largest insurance, group benefits and pension providers. our goal is to provide our clients with expert advice in risk management, employee wellbeing and insurance. lloyd sadd is your preferred partner, investing time to understand your business, reducing your total cost of risk, and helping you build a better organization.
we listen. we think. we deliver.tm

 



insurance
as sector specialists lloyd sadd offers a wide range of insurance products to suit the specific needs of our clients.
insurance  

benefits, pensions & investments
as your trusted advisors , we work hard to provide you with complete and customized employee group benefit and pension programs as well as individual wealth planning.
learn more 
 



what we value




supportive relationships
we value lasting connections with clients, suppliers, and employees. we provide guidance, when and where you need it.



stable investments
we constantly invest in our people, our business, and our community and assure secure coverage.



passionate and unique
we are dedicated to the success of our current and future clients. by understanding all our products and their applications, we find creative solutions for your specific needs.



forward-thinking
we always look forward and constantly improve and with lloyd sadd, you have access to diverse product offerings and quality advice because of our experience in different sectors





learn more about usour approach

 



get an instant business insurance quote online
apply now

 



community
involvement
lloyd sadd is proud to support numerous initiatives in our community. each year we raise over $50,000 for local and regional charities through internal events such as our summer barbecue series, food bank fundraisers, and casual dress fridays, as well as through external event sponsorship and participation.
learn more 
 



keeping you informed
see the latest articles and news that affect you.
news 
 





client support
we are proud of the supportive, innovative services and expert advice we provide to our clients and are even more proud to share what they have to say about us.




lloyd sadd not only eliminates the complexities behind insurance and bonding, but they find ways to help clients like dawson wallace reduce their insurance costs. in dawson wallace’s particular case, lloyd sadd has provided consulting services beyond expectation.




over the years we have come to expect the highest levels of knowledge and service from [the lloyd sadd team]. i have no reservation providing my unreserved recommendation.




the exceptional level of service, professionalism and depth of knowledge (insurance, claims management, and the oilfield services industry in general) throughout the team has been of great assistance.




this is a relationship that has been very beneficial to keller and one that we value to same degree as our legal and accounting firms. these are all important business partners to keller – they help us grow successfully.




they are professional, trustworthy and i like the way they treat me.




they have consistently provided a high level of service and oilfield industry knowledge. we have been impressed with the support and services that the lloyd sadd insurance group has provided. we would highly recommend this team to others.




insurance is vital to my business, and i look for our insurance broker to be a ‘strategic business partner’, no different than our law or accounting firm. that vision i believe, is one that is shared by lloyd sadd. they continually tell me that their goal is to “understand my business, and help me become a better organization,” and for that reason, i trust my services to lloyd sadd.





read testimonials



connect with us
contact us

producer-to-partner programabout navacord




lloyd sadd






edmonton
head office (bell tower)
suite 100, 10120 – 103 avenue nw, 
edmonton, ab t5j 3r6 
main:780.483.4544tf:1.800.665.5243consulting:1.888.423.2702fax:780.484.5727  


calgary
1810, 144 – 4th ave sw
calgary, ab t2p 3n4
phone:403.444.0950tf:1.866.845.8330fax:780.484.5727  


kelowna

1499 st paul st #705,
kelowna, bc  v1y 0l9

phone:778.313.0504tf:1.800.665.5243  


bonnyville
5206 50 ave,
bonnyville, ab t9n 1y5
phone:780.826.3611  


cold lake
unit 103, 4807 51 streetcold lake. ab t9m 1p2
phone:780.639.8811  


peace river
10024 101 streetpeace river, alberta t8s 1s6



manning
stone insurance brokers ltd.
a division of lloyd sadd
117 4 ave sw, manning, ab t0h 2m0
phone:(780) 836-3061  
 


 



lloyd sadd




facebook twitter 

linkedin 

youtube 



sitemap
privacy policy
cisro principles & ribo fact sheet
 
copyright © lloyd sadd 2025 | website by top draw









