






 



restaurant technology to help your business thrive | erc






















































































 





































skip to content



1.800.241.6880 ext 1002atlanta, ga  |  louisville, ky  |  cleveland, oh







erc parts inc.


posrestaurant pos software pos bundles mobile pos  solutionssmart surveillanceai timer video surveillance cloud managed services  restaurant managementkitchen display system back office software advanced back office  paymentscredit card processing cash discount program contactless payments order and pay at the table cash management  customer engagementonline ordering loyalty waitlist  drive thrudrive thru timer drive thru headsets drive thru menu boards order confirmation boards   servicesheadset repair pos installation and training pos project management  industriesquick service fast casual bar and nightclub table service enterprise  supportrequest support how to videos  aboutcompany partners meet our staff  blog contact 

request a demo




 
posrestaurant pos software pos bundles mobile pos  solutionssmart surveillanceai timer video surveillance cloud managed services  restaurant managementkitchen display system back office software advanced back office  paymentscredit card processing cash discount program contactless payments order and pay at the table cash management  customer engagementonline ordering loyalty waitlist  drive thrudrive thru timer drive thru headsets drive thru menu boards order confirmation boards   servicesheadset repair pos installation and training pos project management  industriesquick service fast casual bar and nightclub table service enterprise  supportrequest support how to videos  aboutcompany partners meet our staff  blog contact 









restaurant technology to keep up with the evolving hospitality industry 
							request a demo 
							company brochure 
							 











the right restaurant technology can make all the difference to your success





from drive thru and tableside service to online ordering and delivery, we empower restaurateurs to leverage technology to meet customer demand. our restaurant technology solutions enable hospitality organizations to streamline productivity, improve customer engagement and increase profitability. from front of house to the guest experience, our full-suite of restaurant technology solutions provide hospitality organizations the ability to simplify operations, create memorable customer experiences and gain real-time insight into restaurant performance. erc’s restaurant tech experts aid in equipment selection, manage large deployments, and offer ongoing support and repairs for existing installations. discover how our restaurant technology solutions can be tailored to the unique needs of your restaurant business.








are you ready to revolutionize your restaurant?we equip restauranteurs with advanced tools for drive thru efficiency, tableside service, secure payment processing, and customer engagement. discover why many hospitality establishments turn to erc!learn morerestaurant technology to meet every need





we offer innovative hardware, software, and services tailored to your needs for a comprehensive solution.


pos systemswe provide pos software that offers comprehensive solutions such as advanced kitchen display systems.



pos system solutions:

restaurant pos
pos bundles
kitchen display systems




smart surveillanceelevate security measures and optimize efficiency through our advanced video and surveillance equipment solutions.



smart surveillance solutions:

restaurant ai-based timer
video surveillance




restaurant managementwhether you have 2 or 200 stores, we offer a centralized control so you can keep a pulse on business performance.



restaurant management solutions:

cloud office
cloud loyalty
reporting




paymentsaccept a variety of payment methods, including credit card, contactless, gift, loyalty, and pay-at-table options.



payments solutions:

order at the table
contactless payments
cash management
credit card processing




customer engagementgive customers the convenience they expect by offering options such as online ordering and delivery service.



customer engagement solutions:

online ordering
curbside pickup
waitlist
digital menu boards
restaurant delivery software




drive thruempower your drive thru operations with our comprehensive tools that amplify both speed and efficiency.



drive thru solutions:

drive thru timers
drive thru headsets
drive thru menu boards
order confirmation boards




industries





qsr   


fast casual   


bar and nightclub   


table service   erc is trusted by a diverse range of successful clients












































































































































































































































see what our satisfied customers are saying


glenn j jacobvice president, pontchartrain foods, inc.one of the most significant features of the focus pos software is that there is no down time.  the reaction is immediate if there is a system glitch and the system remains operating throughout the correction time, by correction time i mean minutes not hours or days.  the erc help desk is a very organized; extremely user friendly resource that does not require your management team remembers to possess a master’s degree in computer science.
jim patton ownerwen choo choo, inc.we are a wendy’s franchise group with ten locations. we have been an erc customer for almost 20 years. we have been very pleased with the service we have received over the years. currently, our restaurants are using panasonic stingrays with focus pos software. employees are able to learn to operate them quickly. one of…
michael tangandolfo's new york deli, bellingham, waerc installed our pos systems flawlessly days prior to our opening on sept. 23, 2009. ﾠall systems were tested and operated seamlessly from the get go. ﾠany time we encountered problems, erc was just a phone call away and the after hours service is phenomenal because erc personnel is just 100% responsive ensuring that our…
barbara newsombarbara newsom, concessions manager, altoona curve, altoona, pawe wanted to drop you a note to tell you how pleased we are with our p.o.s. system. everything from the first time we met until when the final installation was made has been exceptional. …to know that support is only a phone call away makes us very comfortable with the system.
matthew kirbypresident, trickum ops llc, bojangles' franchiseein 2004, we selected erc parts to serve our growing bojangles’ restaurant company’s needs related to pos systems, drive-thru timers, and drive-thru communications systems. though we are not yet a large franchisee, the erc team has served our needs with professionalism, expedience, and friendliness. we consider erc parts to be a real partner that is…
joe sardinavice president of operations freshens quality brandsfreshens has been an erc customer for over 2 years and operates multiple sites. we have experienced excellent service and support from the 24 helpdesk whenever we need it. the focus pos system has delivered all the data we need from dallas to atlanta to effectively make business decisions. we do recommend erc and focus…
get started on boosting your restaurant operationserc provides leading restaurant technology solutions to streamline operations, boost revenue, and empower your business! contact our experts today to get started.contact us










about erc erc hospitality systems is a georgia-based national point of sale (pos) reseller and technology provider. with nearly four decades of experience providing cutting-edge restaurant technology, we have provided more than 15,000 restaurants with the technology they need; and we’re ready to consult with you to identify the solutions your restaurant needs to operate more profitably and competitively.

contact infolocations:atlanta, ga | louisville, ky | cleveland, ohphone number:1.800.241.6880 ext 1002email:info@erconline.combusiness hoursmon. - fri. 8:30 - 6:00
support open 24/7



 








					©2025  erc hospitality systems. all rights reserved.
                

design by skyrocket group 
read our privacy policy 








go to top































































