




bitboost (aka bitboost systems) -- provider of python obfuscation software, pawsense software to help protect computers from 'cat typing,' and other products and services...








          welcome to
          


aka bitboost systems





contact us |
         copyright & trademarks

























 pawsense







your computer can know the difference between 'cat typing' and human typing.



                    pawsense detects and blocks cat typing,
                    and helps train your cat to stay off the keyboard.
                   




 to learn more about pawsense, click here.


 
                               to buy pawsense, click here.
                               








 
 

















python obfuscatorand code shrinker



 helps you protect python code against reverse engineering.
                             

 handles even large-scale 
                             programs or libraries containing many
                             modules, packages, and subpackages.
                         


 can reduce code size.
                             

 thorough and flexible.
                             




obfuscate your python code with the bitboost 'bobs' python obfuscator(new website)
(old website)






 
 












other products and services
please see below































the most mature, well-debugged, and featureful
python obfuscator and code size reducer
available




 developed and updated 2003-2014.


 benefits
                       
 impedes reverse engineering of your python code.
                          useful against even bytecode disassemblers 
                              and decompilers.
                          can reduce code size in both source code
                              and compiled forms.
                          'industrial-strength' automation can obfuscate
                              even large-scale programs and libraries
                              consisting of many modules, 
                              without limitations on import syntax. 
                          a body of code containing multiple packages and subpackages can even be obfuscated as a coordinated unit, within which even the interfaces between the packages and subpackages are obfuscated.
                       
 key technical features
                       
 automated analysis and obfuscation
                              of identifiers defined by
                              your code:
                              variable names, function names, 
                              function attributes,
                              function and method argument names,
                              class names, class and object methods, 
                              class and object variables,
                              object names,
                              module names,
                              including inter-module 
                              interfaces and some inter-package interfaces.
                              

 namespace analyzer
                                     optionally avoids a 1:1
                                     mapping of cleartext names to obfuscated 
                                     names.
                                     (the same variable name or
                                      function parameter name
                                      may be converted to several different 
                                      names
                                      within a piece of obfuscated code, without
                                      changing code functionality
                                      nor increasing the number of code 
                                      instructions.)
                                 you can choose the format
                                     of replacement identifier names.
                                   

 choose to shrink code more with smaller identifiers.
                                     choose extra-confusing formats.
                                     choose to have different identifier names for each customer's build (a code watermarking feature.)
                                     

 you may mark some names and
                                   docstrings for retention
                                   (mostly so you can produce libraries 
                                    for other programmers to use.)
                              
 removes/replaces
                              docstrings and comments.
                          psychologically inspired techniques
                               produce extra confusion in human readers.
                          outputs python source code for maximum
                               flexibility.
                             
 python source code can easily be byte-compiled
                                    or converted to other formats.
                               

 copyright 
                              information can be inserted automatically.
                          various 
                                   additional advanced options.
 code to be obfuscated may include
                              
 all python 2.3, 2.4, and 2.5
                                     language & library features.
                                 almost all language & library features
                                     added 
                                       in python 2.6 and/or 2.7.
                              
 obfuscator can be run in python 2.5, 2.6, and 2.7
                             
 obfuscated output code can be run in python 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, and 2.7
                                   (if the code you fed into the obfuscator could run
                                   in those versions of python.)
                                      
                          'convenience features' such as
                              
 utility to deobfuscate your software's
                                     error data
                                     (aka tracebacks / stack crawls / 
                                      stack dumps.)
                              
 cross-platform: operates under windows, 
                              os x (macintosh), 
                              unix/linux.
                       
 manual for obfuscator version 3.0
 pricing: 
                       a one-user, one-machine license costs usd $200. (permits use by one user at a time, on one machine at a time.  includes free upgrades to any later minor (.x) versions.) 
                   please
                       contact us
                       for more details and 
                       to purchase an obfuscator license.
                   limited online demo as web form -- lacks the real thing's multi-file capabilities and many other features.

to our new python obfuscator website(larger & more complete)







other products and services


custom software development and content authoring services are also available.
          

          bitboost's
          puzzle solutions
          unit has provided
          maze puzzle games and specialized services since 1995.
          



tiletag: a computer game
helps you learn to read and write japanese.  tiletag teaches the japanese hiragana and katakana characters  (kana), and additional information about the japanese language.
        













 


                questions?  please

              
contact us.
















copyright and trademarks

      this page and its contents are
      © copyright 1998-2014 by bitboost systems.
      all rights reserved.
      


      bitboost, bitboost systems, tiletag, tiletag for kana, tileset creator, tileset creator for tiletag,
      pawsense, puzzle solutions, and poster-maze are trademarks of bitboost systems.
      (bit boost, bit boost systems, paw sense, tile tag, and tile set creator
      are variant forms or misspellings of bitboost systems trademarks.)





        bit boost systems and tile tag are misspellings of bitboost systems and of tiletag.
        "python obsfucation", "python obsfucator", and "python obsfucater" 
        are misspellings of "python obfuscation", "python obfuscator", and "python obfuscater".
        we provide educational software for helping people learn, study, and review japanese characters,
        such as the hiragana and katakana (kana) and eventually kanji/kanzi.
      



reference section: international postal address format data, user groups, &c.





