

new river fishing, cabins, weddings in virginia


























join us on facebook



join our mailing list


new river outdoor co. is owned and operated by  britt and leigh stoudenmire. since 2004, the couple has been blessed to provide award-winning outdoor services to clients from across the globe. new river outdoor co. specializes in professionally guided fishing trips on the smallmouth- and musky-rich waters of the nationally recognized new river. their fishermen love to stay at walker creek retreat, their private, waterfront vacation rentals, along the hidden banks of walker creek. in addition, they have recently opened a spectacular, mountain-top event venue, walker creek barn, where they continue to show off his majestic creation. located in pearisburg, va, approximately 30 min 
            west of blacksburg & virginia tech. please contact us at 540-921-7438 or info@newriveroutdoorco.com.

 












new river outdoor co - with stunning scenery abound, britt and his team of professional guides have plied the ancient waters of the new river for decades in pursuit of trophy smallmouth bass. our  guided fishing                  trips are run on over 100+ miles of the new river considered  one of the best smallmouth rivers in the country. the nroc team tailors each day on the water to their clients’ wishes and goes above and beyond to help create lifelong memories.  please visit new river smallmouth  for more information on our trips  or call 540-921-7438 and we'd love to discuss getting you on the river.



southern musky guide service -  southern musky guide service features veteran river guide britt stoudenmire and his team on two of the best musky rivers in the south, the new and james rivers. our winter season (dec thru early-march) and early summer season (may & june) are two of the the most sought-after times of the year to fish these rivers with us. these dates are limited and in high demand so please make sure to visit  southern musky guide service   for more information on our trips and packages or call us at 540-921-7438 to get your dates booked.



walker creek retreat - walker creek is a local treasure and our retreat boasts five waterfront vacation rentals with rustic-chic cabin décor that include numerous handmade and amish touches. unique floor plans, each with ample space inside and out, make the cabins at walker creek retreat the perfect place for anglers, wedding parties, graduations, corporate retreats, football fans, and those simply looking to escape everyday life. holidays, summer weekends, and virginia tech home football games fill fast, so please visit walker creek retreat for more information or call 540-921-7438. 



walker creek barn - a spacious, 5,600 square-foot meeting and event space. situated on the crest of a 10-acre picturesque mountaintop with long-range and panoramic views of walker mountain, sugar run, and angel's rest among others, walker creek barn provides a truly breathtaking and one-of-a-kind location for any wedding or event. some of its unique features include a spacious bridal loft, a groom’s lounge, catering prep area, day-of coordination, and access to our compilation of decor. we conduct bridal tours year-round so please visit  walker creek barn or call 540-921-7438 to schedule your tour.








 







about 
              new river outdoor co. 


nestled 
                in the beautiful new river valley, the mighty new river in giles 
                county, va is a known commodity among fishermen, river-goers, 
                outdoor enthusiasts, and vacationers. while the new river is considered a world-class fishing destination, the river 
                also offers some of the best paddling trips in the 
                state of virginia. the appalachian trail, new river trail state 
                park, new river water trail, cascades falls, and jefferson national forest are just minutes away and 
                provide a plethora of outdoor activities including mountain biking, 
            hiking, camping, hunting, etc. 


new river outdoor co. is located in the heart of giles county 
                and just minutes from the new river. we are a one-of-a-kind outdoor 
                company offering  new river guided fishing trips for trophy smallmouth 
                bass and musky; private, waterfront vacation rentals along the gorgeous banks of walker creek; and memorable weddings & events at our mountain-top event venue.


 we are located just 30 minutes from 
            blacksburg, virginia tech, radford, and princeton, 45 minutes from roanoke, 2.5 
            hours from greensboro, charlotte, and winston salem, 3 hours from 
            raleigh/durham, and 4.5 hours from the northern virginia and 
            washington, dc area.







home | new river smallmouth | southern musky guide service | walker creek retreat | walker creek barn | sitemap


new 
      river outdoor co • pearisburg, va • (540) 921-7438


© 
      2024 by new river outdoor co.
























