











charing cross gestational trophoblast disease service




























skip to content


charing cross gestational trophoblast disease service



welcome
patients

introduction to molar pregnancy
the treatment of molar pregnancy
the importance of human chorionic gonadotrophin (hcg)
follow-up after a molar pregnancy
further treatment after a molar pregnancy
chemotherapy treatment – practical issues
hcg monitoring during chemotherapy
completing treatment and follow-up
timetable of hcg follow-up
diagnosis and treatment of choriocarcinoma
diagnosis and treatment of placental site trophoblast tumour (pstt)
advice for overseas patients
patient stories

patient stories – molar pregnancies
patient stories – choriocarcinoma


frequently asked questions (faqs)


clinicians

introduction
registration
classification
pre-malignant trophoblast disease
malignant trophoblast disease
pre-cxh management
gtt treatment plans
common treatment issues
post chemotheraphy follow-up
more background information
other background information
chemotherapy regimens for trophoblast disease
references
publications


news
donations
staff
faqs
glossary
links
contact
 







welcome


on this website we hope to give an introduction to molar pregnancies and gestational trophoblast disease that will be of value to our patients, referring medical teams and other interested readers and health professionals.
all forms of gestational trophoblast disease (gtd) are rare and we are fortunate in the uk to have a national service for their follow up and treatment. the centre at charing cross has treated over 3500 patients with the various forms of trophoblast disease giving us the largest experience of this disease worldwide.
gtd forms a spectrum of illnesses that are rare, almost always curable but not always well understood. the types of trophoblast disease range from the usually benign partial molar pregnancy through complete molar pregnancy and invasive mole to malignant choriocarcinoma and the rare placental site epithelioid trophoblast tumours. all of these illnesses share the characteristic that they arise from a pregnancy.
in a molar pregnancy, at the time of conception, the fertilised cell becomes abnormal as a result of an imbalance in the number of chromosomes supplied from the mother and the father. the molar pregnancy cells that result can grow quickly, produce hcg (human chorionic gonadotrophin)and so give a positive pregnancy test but are unable to form a proper embryo. most molar pregnancies are diagnosed relatively early on in pregnancy and treatment by evacuation is sufficient in most cases to be curative. those who require further treatment after surgery usually need chemotherapy which is curative for nearly all patients and has much less side-effects than most people expect.
there is more information on molar pregnancies, their diagnosis, treatment and the uk follow up service in the information pages for patients and clinicians. further information can be found in our gtd and life after gtd leaflets, a full list our patient leaflets can be found here.











copyright charing cross trophoblastic disease service
privacy policy







