



california bankruptcy law - chapter 7, 11, 13 information








 


california 
              bankruptcy law

tweet













 











     this california 
            bankruptcy law website will offer basic, general information about 
            filing bankruptcy in california, including chapter 
            7, chapter 11, and chapter 
            13 cases. it will address personal bankruptcy and corporate bankruptcy, 
            liquidation, insolvency, reorganizations, debt consolidation, credit 
            after bankruptcy, re-establishing credit, credit card debt, foreclosures, 
            repossessions, and garnishments, taxes and bankruptcy, discharge of 
            debts, as well as corporate bankruptcy involving asset liquidation 
            and reorganization under chapter 11. bankruptcy is often misspelled 
            as bankruptsy, bankrupsy, or bankrupcy, among other versions.

     the term "bankruptcy" 
            itself is defined as being financially unable to pay one's debts as 
            they become due, or to have more debts than assets. the word derives 
            from a medieval term meaning "broken table". in towns where 
            merchants sold their wares on tables, the table of a non-paying or 
            defaulting merchant would be broken by those with whom he did business.

the debtor
     bankruptcy is 
            also the statutory procedure under federal law by which a person, 
            known as the "debtor" under goes a judicially-supervised 
            liquidation or reorganization for the benefit of those who are owed 
            money, known as "creditors", where the debtor is usually 
            relieved of most of his debts through what is called "discharge". 
            the debtor's property becomes what is called "the bankruptcy 
            estate". this federal law is commonly known as "the bankruptcy 
            code". bankruptcy filings are all done in federal court, thus 
            ensuring uniformity throughout the united states. certain variations 
            do occur from state to state relating to what assets an individual 
            debtor is allowed to keep ("exemptions"), and as to the 
            nature and extent of a debtor's property interests and other matters. 
            therefore, debtors should consult a local bankruptcy 
            attorney to ensure the best representation.
     
            


voluntary bankruptcy
     
            the vast majority of cases are filed voluntarily by the debtor. however, 
            creditors are permitted to file involuntary bankruptcy cases against 
            a debtor who is generally not paying his debts as they become due. 
            these types of cases are much rarer. they require 3 or more petitioning 
            creditors who are owed a total of at least $10,000.00; if there are 
            less than 12 creditors in total, then the involuntary petition may 
            be filed by one creditor who is owed at least $10,000.00. 
bankruptcy law
     the above information 
            will be divided into the following categories:

corporate 
              bankruptcy
personal 
              bankruptcy
chapter 
              7
chapter 
              11
chapter 
              13
taxes
filing 
              bankruptcy
post 
              bankruptcy credit
frequently 
              asked questions
informational 
              links

please note: the materials on this site 
            are informational only, of course, and are not guaranteed to be correct, 
            complete, or up-to-date. the within information is not intended to 
            give legal advice upon which you can rely for your particular situation. 
            if legal advice or other expert assistance is required, the services 
            of a competent professional person should be sought. links to any 
            other internet pages are not meant to imply any affiliation. henry 
            rendler has attempted to comply with all known legal and ethical requirements 
            in compiling this website.
written 
            by henry 
            rendler, attorney at law 
            in california








































  



copyright 2005 
            - 2012


    






