





cool family – hruska family website




































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footercool familyhruska family websitemenuphotos

hruska family
glenn family
classic photos


videos

hruska family


stories
recipes
birthdays
the farm
everyone in the extended hruska family tries to make it to the farm on the third weekend in october every year, but it has occurred to me lately that maybe some of the younger generations may not know why the farm exists and why it is so important to show up. maybe a little background …
read morethe farmfarm clovis points
clovis points found near the farm! this looks a lot like the one that was found on susan’s property! clovis points are distinctive spearheads crafted by ancient native american cultures, particularly prevalent during the paleo-indian period around 13,500 to 12,800 years ago. named after the town of clovis, new mexico, where they were first discovered …
read morefarm clovis pointscrazy farm tree
oliver and theo visited aunt susan at her estate in march 2024, and had a blast playing on the crazy tree in her back yard!
read morecrazy farm treesex, lies, and a great deal of agitation in the family tree
young people always believe that they have invented love, romance and sex.
read moresex, lies, and a great deal of agitation in the family treeanyone can learn to fly (part one)
donna always wanted to learn to fly.  here’s the first of her two part story.  she talks about the civil air patrol and their first airplane.
read moreanyone can learn to fly (part one)anyone can learn to fly (part two)
in this second part of the story, donna talks about the oshkosh air show, heading to mexico, and a few hairy experiences flying.
read moreanyone can learn to fly (part two)

great grandma hruska’s houska bread
read moregreat grandma hruska’s houska breadgrandma hruska’s fruit dumplings
read moregrandma hruska’s fruit dumplingschocolate pie
read morechocolate pie


inspiration

“never forget, you eat a bushel of dirt before you die….”



recent posts




copyright © 2025 · cool family · all rights reserved · 








