



  


capstone green energy holdings, inc. (cgeh)

















 


































investors
supplier


 











home

solutions


oil, gas & other natural resources


critical power supply


renewable energy


energy efficiency


microgrid


ev charging


 
products


microturbine technology


microturbine products


eaas / rentals


 
services
 
distributors


find a distributor


become a distributor


 
case studies
 
news


press releases


smart energy blog


articles


tradeshows & events


in the news


media assets


 
about


contact


capstone careers


code of business conduct


conflict mineral report


 

            search
        


search

search terms









search terms






contact us
























×


contact us







first name





last name







company





email







city





state





country



message





    this site is protected by hcaptcha and its
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.
 

submit














oil, gas & othernatural resources

tough, tested, and reliable: onshore and offshore solutions that perform in the most rugged conditions and remote locations.

view solution







                            $80k                        

potential annual energy cost savings 

a c1000s microturbine at the wallumbilla lpg facility is the first gas site in the world to use a butane-fired, grid-connected microturbine to generate power onsite for site electricity demand, while exporting excess power to the grid. view case study › 









energy efficiency

harness the power of combined heat and power (chp) and combined cooling, heating, and power (cchp).

view solution







                            $80k                        

usd saved during the first 2 months 

as a five-star luxury hotel, the world-renowned logan hotel in philadelphia utilize 3 capstone c65 ichp microturbines to generate the hotel’s own onsite power. view case study 









renewable energy

generate power from waste gas fuels, hydrogen blends, and renewable natural gas (rng).

view solution







                            30%                        

annual reduced electrical use 

two capstone c65 microturbines produce electricity and thermal energy from biogas generated on-site during the treatment process at edar de lloret de mar wastewater treatment plant. learn more › 









critical power supply 

from emergency backup power to mission-critical operations, our solutions deliver seamless and dependable power when it matters most.

view solution







                            50%                        

less energy used 

the pennsylvania state employees credit union, a 239,000-squarefoot leed gold-certified facility and data center is powered by capstone’s chp systems. the system is also providing space heating, space cooling and cold water. view case study 









microgrid

ensure energy independence and reliability, especially in remote or critical locations with our microturbines as part of your microgrid design.

view microgrid







                            2015                        

awarded power grid winner for oncor installation 

a c1000s capstone microturbine has reduced the santos tarbat oil field facility’s on-site fuel consumption by 50%, thus reducing their carbon footprint resulting in $1 million aud annual savings per year. view case study › 









ev charging

a seamless blend of cutting-edge microturbines and rapid dc charging technology.

view ev charging







                            40%                        

reduced fuel consumption 

two liquid natural-gas fueled capstone c30 microturbines onboard the mts argonon type c tanker, serve as the main electrical power supply. view case study 



















take control of your energy future
do any of these goals look familiar? capstone can help you meet them all with smart solutions:

a lower carbon footprint
more resiliency
meet your customers’ sustainability expectations
improved reliability
increased cost efficiencies

with capstone, you get a partner with customized solutions to fit your business’s energy needs. watch video










do you know the total cost of your energy?


energy is money. do you know how much you spend? it’s often one of the largest expense items, whether companies realize it or not, and it’s also something you can control.

 








energy can cost much more than dollars.

how much would you lose if your business had to close for several days due to a power outage?
how important is resiliency for your business?
what would the total cost be if you had to face disruptions or delays?
what about getting equipment and machinery back online?
what is the cost to customers who depend on your services?


 




time to take the power into your hands.



1
identify your needs 



2
talk to a capstone green energy specialist 



3
never worry about sustainability again 




        			contact us        		








about capstone
capstone green energy is a provider and partner in smart energy solutions learn more ›










capstone tradeshow and events
upcoming capstone events explore  ›










investor relations
a comprehensive resource with the most up-to-date investor information overview ›










smart energy blog
read the latest post view blog posts ›







































			© copyright 2025 capstone green energy holdings, inc. all rights reserved.
		




























privacy policy
disclaimer
sitemap









 




 





