


	lovett miller & co.- florida and southeast venture capital and private equity
























home | contact us | site map











homefirm overview
historyinvestment criteriatrack record
investment team
rad lovettscott millerdavid shields kristie peccijeannine mello
portfolio companieswhy lovett miller
our experience & approachceo testimonials
co-investorsnewscontact
locationsmaps







providing equity capital to rapidly growing companies




lovett miller & co., based in florida, provides growth capital and shareholder liquidity for rapidly growing, privately-held companies, with a particular emphasis on technology-enhanced services and healthcare companies. the firm invests in a broad range of financings including (1) growth capital, (2) minority shareholder liquidity transactions, and (3) growth buyouts. lovett miller & co. typically invests $3 to $10 million in equity per company, although it is willing to consider both smaller and larger equity investments.

  > learn more about lovett miller
 






ceo testimonials





employease, inc. (nyse: adp)
employease, inc., which was recently acquired by automatic data processing, inc., provides leading on-demand hr and benefit administration solutions.
phil fauver, president & ceo of employease, writes "scott miller was a particularly helpful investment partner for employease. the company benefitted from his experience and contacts in the human resource software and business process outsourcing markets when it was developing its bpo service offering. specifically, scott helped us avoid a very capital intensive approach to the market and helped us formulate a high return on capital bpo stratgey that ended up being an important, fast growing segment of our business.
"scott and rad are independent thinkers and bring a long term orientation to company building. employease found then to be very accessible and decisive. we benefited greatly from their insight, and i highly recommend them as partners."
> view more ceo testimonials

 







news


may 2012
everbank financial corporation announces pricing of initial public offeringapril 2012
lovett miller & co. portfolio company, sigma international general medical apparatus, llc, has been purchased by baxter international, inc. (nyse: bax).february 2012
everbank acquires banking operations of bank of floridajanuary 2010
lovett miller & co. portfolio company, peopleclick, completes merger agreement with bedford fundingoctober 2009
lovett miller & co. portfolio company, everbank, announces a definitive acquisition agreementview all news







phone 813.222.1477  |  fax 813.222.1478  |  info@lovettmiller.com








copyright (c) 2025 lovett miller & co.
 | login












