
      think bank - meet your money.
    




homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.   think bank menu  close menugo back to all menu categories

for you


bank


checking

savings, money market, & health savings accounts

education savings

cds & iras

debit cards

overdraft protection

online & mobile services

direct deposit



borrow


home loans

home refinancing

home equity loan

personal loans

vehicle loans

credit cards



invest


raymond james

retirement planning

financial planning

education funding

asset protection

long term care



insure


vehicle insurance

home & renters insurance

life insurance

personal article insurance

umbrella liability



learn


online & mobile how tos

life events

financial wellness

debt management

fraud prevention

investing

protecting & insuring





for your business


bank


checking

savings

debit cards

overdraft protection

online & mobile services

cash management

remote deposit

merchant services

banking for non-profits



borrow


loans & lines of credit

credit cards

banking for dental practices



learn


business education

online & mobile how tos





connect


1-800-288-3425

customer support

find a branch/atm

newsroom



 open search  close searchwhat are you looking for?search keywords start site searchloginonline bankingcloseusername loginadditional loginscredit card managementconsumer loan applicationmortgage application systemthink financial planning

download our mobile app:


download our app for ios

download our app for android




      think bank - meet your money.
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentthink bank 











great certificate of deposit rates.
4.00% apy 6-month fixed cd. 
3.75% apy 1-year fixed cd.
rates effective 2/7/2025.

view details




  











do more with a home equity loan.
get up to $250 toward closing costs when you open a fixed-rate home equity loan.*

see details




  











kick back in your new home. 
looking for the right home to put your feet up? it's closer than you think. we can help.

apply now




  











checking that's music to your ears.
do a happy dance with a bank that puts you first. a checking account from think is where it all starts.

current offer




 click here to start or stop the slider's autoplay featureclick here to scroll down the page    ready, set, explore.   open an account   find a location   view rates   apply for a loan   explore calculators  see vehicle pricing  

 start planning

  get insurance  fraud prevention     where are you and your money headed?
we'll help you get to a great place.

about think bank    focused on community   
we really like giving back to our communities – both financially and through our time and talents.

community involvement    focused on education  
we’ll help you navigate the real, impactful things in your life.

education center    focused on you   
we keep it simple by asking honest questions and offering advice in plain human speak.

about think bank  


"they're always a pleasure to work with. i feel like they care about me and my needs, and do everything they can to help me."
- carrie j
  
"my banker was very helpful and went out of his way to make the process very easy."

- donna v
  

"everyone is always super friendly. they often greet me by name as i pull into the drive-up."
- chuck s
  

"the personal service was great! really clear to understand and trustworthy."
- gary f
 click here to start or stop the slider's autoplay feature    which best describes you?  i'm an individual  i'm a business owner  i need help/have a question  i'm an individual.  here are a few suggestions.  compare checking accounts  learn about online & mobile services  learn about think

search our site  
i'm a business owner.
  
here are a few suggestions.
  compare checking accounts  learn about online & mobile services  learn about think

search our site  
i need help/have a question.
  
here are a few suggestions.
  customer support

request an appointment  education center

search our site  report a lost/stolen card

protect yourself from fraud go back                 click here to start or stop the slider's autoplay feature bank anywhere with think online
simplify the management of your accounts and customize how you view them.  
download the app
mobile deposit
  
overview
getting started 
   contact us

contact us and we'll help you build a stronger relationship with your money.   find a location

find the nearest think bank or surcharge free atm location near you.  request appointment

set up an appointment to chat about your needs. click here to start or stop the slider's autoplay feature      who said things in life aren't free?  open an account, get a free gift!

we'll also pay you up to $10 for your debit card and unused checks from your current checking account at another financial institution.


see offer details   










meet your money. 
we’re here to help you create a simpler, more meaningful relationship with your money, so that you can get where you want to go.
about think bank



 back to the top1-800-288-3425routing number 291975465

about think

community involvement

careers

like us on facebook like us on linkedin follow us on instagram

legal notices

privacy policies

member fdicequal housing lender nmlsr id 440195©  think bankinsurance products are offered through think insurance (mn license # ia-538), not think mutual bank. insurance products are not fdic insured, are not insured by any federal agency, and are not a deposit or guarantee of think mutual bank. this is not a policy. for a complete statement of coverages and exclusions, please see the policy contract.



