







home - rachael herron












































 

 skip to main contentrachael herron(r.h. herron)blog
books
bio/faq
subscribe
for writers
podcast
patreon essays

buzz about unstuck
“herron’s jaunty prose will have readers breezily flipping through the pages as she enriches the narrative with indelible metaphors. this true story shows that making a big move can be a daunting but worthwhile and fascinating endeavor.” – kirkus reviews 
 “the story of herron’s move to the other side of the world in unstuck made me feel everything: curiosity, grief, transformation and joy. i loved every moment of this glorious, heart-warming book.” - monna mcdiarmid, author of after everything 
 


about the book
unstuck: an audacious hunt for home and happiness
available now!
get ready to become delightfully unstuck.
bestselling author rachael herron is stuck. she and her partner have lived in their beloved east oakland home for 15 years, almost as long as they’ve been married. but the house is in a rough area, and they’re tied to a mortgage she’s not sure they’ll ever be able to pay off.  
so when the whispered longing for adventure grows into a bellow she can’t ignore, rachael decides to utilize not only her dual citizenship but also her impulsive nature. 
she and her partner will abandon their standard-issue american life and move to the far-distant shores of aotearoa new zealand. 
it’ll be easy, she thinks. it’ll be fun! they’ll ditch the mortgage and pack a couple of bags, traveling light and fast to find a new life. she’ll say goodbye to everyone she knows and loves, board the plane using a one-way ticket, and surely, that will solve everything. 
but even though she hasn’t bargained on the difficult realities behind relocations made with no final destination in mind, she can’t begin to imagine the untold surprises that will unfurl along her way. 
in this no-holds-barred love story, a delightful cross between eat, pray, love and under the tuscan sun, rachael chronicles the messy, enchanting, and growth-demanding challenges of relocation and personal resurrection.
on sale now!

 


about rachael herron


rachael herron (r.h. herron) is the internationally bestselling author of more than two dozen books, including thriller, mainstream fiction, feminist romance, memoir, and nonfiction about writing. she received her mfa in writing from mills college, oakland, and she’s taught writing extension workshops at both uc berkeley and stanford. she lives in wellington, aotearoa new zealand with her partner and way too much yarn.
follow her on social media:
  



© 2025 rachael herron · log in
























