








































home









water is life
we believe everyone has the right to safe and accessible drinking water.






scroll for more
















our story


    ▾▾

our vision + strategy
    

our history
    

our people
    

lessons learned
    

frequently asked questions
    





our work


    ▾▾

project map
    

where we work
    ▾▾

haiti
liberia
nigeria
kenya
other nations


project types
    

project costs
    





resources


    ▾▾

our reporting
    ▾▾

human impact data
human impact stories
annual reports
newsletters
audited financial statements


promotional media
    

news media
    

sharing knowledge
    





get involved


    ▾▾

fundraising
    

overseas trips
    

sponsors + partners
    

featured donor profiles
    





donate


    



contact us


    














 
 
 


we have been ranked a 2024
top 10 impact charity
by charity intelligence canada for the sixth year in a row!


this just in


read our 2024
annual impact report
to learn more about our work and the local teams we partner with


 
 

the "why"
learn all about the "why" behind lifewater canada by watching the short video below and hear from our president, lynda, in her own words.






safe and accessible drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene (wash) are fundamental to human health. without them, people have to rely on unclean water sources, leading to widespread illness and over a million deaths each year. when children are sick, they cannot go to school. when adults are sick, they cannot earn a living to provide for their families. in this way, contaminated water prevents families, communities, and entire regions from reaching their potential. learn more here from the world health organization.




with the support of donors like you, lifewater canada has drilled 2,995 wells, rehabilitated 1,650 out-of-service wells, repaired 13,631 broken hand pumps, built 204 community washrooms, and held countless health and hygiene workshops since we began in 1995.

but there is still an enormous need for more.

provide the life-saving gift of safe, accessible water. you'll never regret it.




 donate




what we do


drill new wells


we can never stop drilling new wells! although repairing broken wells is more cost-effective, most of the wells we repair have failed due to extreme over-use. we therefore must drill more wells to lessen the demand on each well that is in operation, while continuing to repair and rehabilitate broken and out-of-service wells.





repair broken wells


we fix broken hand pumps and rehabilitate out-of-service wells, including those installed by other organizations that no longer maintain them. we strive to help communities work toward self-reliant maintenance, as each well has an official caretaker who the community has selected and we have trained and equipped.





build washrooms


open defecation directly contributes to disease, poverty, malnutrition, and death - especially in children under the age of 5. building a latrine, though not always glamorous, is life-giving to a community. we build community toilets and hand-washing stations at schools, orphanages, medical clinics, and community centres.





lead health & hygiene workshops


we teach communities about the importance of handwashing and how to sanitize their water and environment. we also explain how to produce an oral rehydration solution that can aid diarrhea victims (often children). we teach about the significance of menstrual hygiene and provide free “dignity kits”, containing reusable sanitary pads, for women and girls.



 

where we work




haiti
haiti has a tragic history rampant with external political and military interference, natural disasters, and short-sighted international aid projects. in response, lifewater canada helped establish a local non-profit organization called lifewater d'haiti. learn more.



nigeria
since 2003, lifewater's partnership with nigeria has persevered amidst unimaginable challenges - all while the nation suffered internal religious conflicts and devastating boko haram attacks. in 2020 the current team was established and has since flourished. learn more.



liberia
more than 200,000 people were killed during liberia's civil wars, and most of the nation's wells and other water supplies were destroyed. in 1995 our founders were invited by the european union and the liberian government to test their existing well's water quality. thus began our ongoing work in liberia. we now have two partner teams - lifewater liberia and sts-lifewater. learn more.



kenya
located in the greater horn of africa, more than 80% of the land in kenya is arid or semi-arid. severe water scarcity affects the nation as they are impacted by climate change and vulnerable to droughts and floods. rapid urbanization and refugee displacement has left the rural areas and urban slums especially in need. lifewater has partnered with three local organizations. learn more.



 

how we are doing


672,529
hours saved  per day


90.1
minutes saved  per household


$0.18
daily savings  per person


462,263
monthly school  days recovered


$10,607,812
total monthly economic impact


2,238,489
beneficiaries


$5.00
sroi (social return on investment)



in fiscal 2024, we recorded 672,529 hours saved per day in water hauling duties no longer necessary, which averaged to 90.1 minutes per household per day. daily savings per person averaged $0.18 usd from their previous water costs. 462,263 monthly school days were recovered from students no longer having to travel long distances for water, and the total monthly economic impact of our work was $10,607,812.73 usd, benefiting 2,238,489 people. our internal social return value for each $1 invested (sroi) calculation for fiscal 2024 was $5.00, meaning each donated dollar generated $5.00 of benefits.
   


 

the latest news




 lessons we've learned


one of the key benefits of drilling a well and making safe water easily accessible is increased school attendance. when children no longer need to spend hours each day walking to and from distant ponds and creeks for water for their families, they can be in their classrooms. at times however, we see improved attendance among the boys but not among the girls. learn more here.





 drill rig campaign


this past christmas we began a campaign to raise funds for a customized drill rig for a new team in rural liberia. this rig needs to be agile enough to travel over the roughest of terrain to drill wells in the remote villages of mountainous northern liberia. read more here.





 in the field: meet hosea


hosea apeh is a professor who teaches in the faculty of education at nigeria's abuja university. he also leads our partner team in nigeria. he has suffered many setbacks but persevered in his goal of providing safe water to rural nigerians. we hope hosea's “impact story” — including a recent update — inspires you just as much as it continues to inspire us. read hosea's story.




 


a charity intelligence canada top 10 impact charity for six years running!
 
we are proud to be an organization that places people first and keeps them at the center of everything we do. with only a handful of employees in canada, we seek to empower and equip in-country teams made up of local people.

we are committed to keeping our overhead costs below 10% and being ultra transparent in our financial and business practices.
 



featured content


 our latest newsletter

 
 annual report



 
 



for just over $1 you can provide a child with safe water for a year!









home

our story

resources

get involved

donate




contact us
457 heather crescent
    thunder bay, on p7e 5l1, canada
    +1 807-622-4848
    bn: 885420737rr0001
    info@lifewater.ca

















     
  





  copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.
  











