
































	state universities civil service system


skip to main content 





sucss




home

about









agency information



agency profile
executive director's profile
calendar of events
frequently asked questions
freedom of information act
mission and purpose
organizational chart





special projects



demonstration projects





departments



administrative 

responsible for the general internal office human resource function for the university system employees.

classification, examination and compensation 
develops, revises, and performs routine administration of the classification and corresponding examination system.

compliance services
performs regular compliance audits at each university and agency in the university system.

information technology
maintains all internal it functions, including development of web-based applications.

legal services
responsible for legal and ethical compliance such as identifying and monitoring state and federal statutes, court rulings, and rules and regulations.

complete staff listing






other info



frequently used forms
privacy policy
terms and conditions
other links





contact us








1717 philo road, suite 24
                                                                urbana, il 61802





phone: 217.278.3150
                                                        




fax: 217.278.3159
                                                        




tty: 866.488.4003
                                                        




email: info@sucss.illinois.gov





x (twitter): @systemoffice











boards/committees









merit board




merit board


                                                        date:
                                                        4/22/2025


                                                        time:
                                                        1:00 pm


                                                        documents:
                                                        
                                                    



documents

minimum benefit requirements
bylaws
general information
powers and duties





employee advisory committee



employee advisory committee

                                                date:
                                                4/15/2025

                                                time:
                                                9:00 am


documents

membership manual
bylaws














classification/testing









classification plan



class specifications
class specifications search
class status notices
custom classes

reports

index of classes
occupational area list 
promotional line list





universities and agencies



designated employer representative group
employment opportunities
universities, agencies and campuses










test preparation



why take a test?
what is a civil service exam?
what is a class specification?
how do i apply?
the day before the exam
the day of the exam
general test taking guidelines
interview tips
sample interview questions
frequently asked questions
police series







reports









reports



annual report 

                                                    this report provides an overview of our business operations, an analysis and update of our many programs/initiatives, and a brief description of our agency action plan. 
                                                

audit reports 

                                                    each university and agency covered by the state universities civil service system is audited for compliance purposes once every two years. 
                                                

quarterly employee data

                                                    the quarterly employee data reports are a compilation of data submitted by the agencies and universities regarding civil service, paa, and student employments.
                                                

salary range report

                                                    approved salary rates and ranges for each authorized classification in use by employers, compiled into a monthly report.
                                                








rules/procedures









rules and procedures



procedure manuals 

                                                    procedures that manage all aspects of the classification plan, including the maintenance of written specifications and examination materials for each class title in the classification plan.
                                                

definitions 

                                                    commonly used words or phrases within the civil service system.
                                                

revision letters

                                                    cover letters highlighting revisions made to the procedure manuals.
                                                

statute and rules

                                                    the purpose of the university system is to establish a sound program of personnel administration.
                                                




















jb pritzker | governor
john r. butler, ph.d. | merit board chair
gail schiesser | executive director







mon - fri: 8:00 - 4:30

                    sat: closed
                    sun: closed
                







1717 philo road
                        suite 24
                        urbana, il 61802
                    







217.278.3150
info@sucss.illinois.gov
www.sucss.illinois.gov











                        state universities
                        civil service
                        system
                    

























                                        loading
                                    















welcome





welcome to the state universities civil service system



                        as we continue to evolve, communication and collaboration become even more essential elements in fulfilling our mission and in the administration of our many business processes. we need and value your suggestions and comments. so, whether you are simply looking for information, researching employment protocols, or just browsing the site, we're glad you're here.
                    
if you are unsure who to contact, please use our general office email at info@sucss.illinois.gov and we will address your question.








upcoming events


apr
15


employee advisory committee meeting

                                the state universities civil service employee advisory committee will convene on april 15, 2025.9:00 am




apr
18


closed - spring break

                                the university system office will be closed for spring break.
                            



apr
22


merit board meeting

                                the merit board is the governing body of the university system.   it is composed of 11 members representing the public universities of the state of illinois.1:00 pm



  view calendar









recent job postings





deputy director of facilities management
-plans, develops, directs, coordinates, and evaluates operating, project, and program activities, directs the development, revision, and implementation of the unit’s policies, rules, and operational...
  view full posting


human resource officer
human resource officer

the human resource officer is responsible for recruitment, onboarding, personnel file management, and supporting the employment services function to include ensuring compli...
  view full posting


educational interpreter
the laboratory schools are a service unit of the college of education of illinois state university, made up of thomas metcalf school pre-k through 8 and university high school. the unit offers a com...
  view full posting






the university system office permits universities and agencies to post current job openings on our website. to view the postings above, and any other postings, go to the jobs page.










class updates




  view more status notices





university system updates





jan
24


december quarterly report of employees served

the december quarterly employee served report has been compiled and is now available.  click here for the current report or to view historical reports.





jan
22


september quarterly report of employees served

the september quarterly employee served report has been compiled and is now available.  click here for the current report or to view historical reports.





jan
03


december salary range report

the monthly salary range report for december has been posted.  click here for the pdf report or to search past reports.





nov
18


november salary range report

the monthly salary range report for november has been posted.  click here for the pdf report or to search past reports.





nov
01


state universities civil service advisory committee minutes

minutes for the july 18/19 meeting of the employee advisory committee, and the july 19th meeting of the legislative committee, have been uploaded and are available on the eac page. click here for the eac page.





oct
16


merit board minutes

the minutes and the closed session minutes for the 225th meeting of the merit board have been posted to the merit board page.  click here for the documents.





oct
16


october salary range report

the monthly salary range report for october has been posted.  click here for the pdf report or to search past reports.





oct
11


merit board agenda

the agenda for the 226th meeting of the merit board is now available.   click here for the agenda.





oct
01


state universities civil service advisory committee agenda

the agenda for the october 23 and 24 employee advisory committee is available.  click here for the agenda.





sep
15


september range report

the monthly range report for september has been posted.  click here for the pdf report or to search past reports.





aug
15


august range report

the monthly range report for august has been posted.  click here for the pdf report or to search past reports.





aug
14


june quarterly report of employees served

the june quarterly employee served report has been compiled and is now available.  click here for the current report or to view historical reports.





jul
15


july range report

the monthly range report for july has been posted.  click here for the pdf report or to search past reports.





jun
15


june range report

the monthly range report for june has been posted.  click here for the pdf report or to search past reports.

























                                        1717 philo road, suite 24
                                        urbana, il 61802
                                    












phone: 217.278.3150
                                    




fax: 217.278.3159
                                    




tty: 866.488.4003
                                    












email: info@sucss.illinois.gov





x (twitter): @systemoffice













terms and conditions





privacy policy





web accessibility














