


home - chicago realtor homes for sale 60641















































chicago real estate


tapiarealtystaffbiographies


belmont cragin chicago homes


hermosa chicago homes for sale


humboldt park chicago homes for sale


irving park chicago homes for sale


norwood park chicago homes for sale


albany park chicago homes for sale


austin galewood chicago homes for sale


avondale chicago homes for sale


dunning chicago homes for sale


edgebrook chicago homes for sale


montclare chicago homes for sale


rogers park chicago homes for sale


jefferson park chicago homes for sale


chicago suburbs


español













tapia  realty
                           inc. 3042 n laramie ave, chicago il
                           60641phone
                           773 736-2460           fax 773-736-9767 homes@tapiarealty.com  hablamos español 

we are a local real estate company located in
                           chicago il 60641 serving all counties and suburbs around the chicago area with a very efficient, experienced and well-organized
                           team. our main objective is to offer our clients professional and pointed advice on buying, selling and renting real estate
                           in chicago and surrounding communities. the
                           purchase and sale of a property is a decision that should be carefully analyzed, and in order to maximize the benefits of
                           this process, a team of experienced, skilled, and honest real estate professionals is absolutely necessary. whether it is
                           a home, condominium, townhouse, commercial or rental property, tapia realty is the "go-to" realtor to see.
tapia realty is a full service real estate firm that
                           specializes in working with the first time buyer as well as with seasoned investors, let our experience work in your benefit. call today for a free home valuation market analysis    773-736-2460  




















we
                                                specialize in these chicago neighborhoods;   belmont cragin area, jefferson park, hermosa area, albany park, austin area, humbolt
                                                park, logan square, rogers park, irving park.we specialize
                                                in these zip codes 60602, 60625,60647,60651,60622,60614,60630, 60634, 60635,
                                                60639, 60641, 60630, 60646, 60639, 60641, 60647  far north side: rogers park
                                                . west ridge . uptown . lincoln square . edison park . norwood park . jefferson park . forest glen . north park . albany park
                                                . o'hare . edgewaternorth
                                                side: north center . lakeview . lincoln park . avondale . logan squarenorthwest side: portage park . irving park . dunning . montclare
                                                . belmont cragin . hermosa  central,
                                                near north, and near south side: near north side . the loop . near south side  west and near west side: humboldt park . west
                                                town . austin . west garfield park . east garfield park . near west side . north lawndale . south lawndale . lower west side
                                                southwest side:
                                                garfield ridge . archer heights . brighton park . mckinley park . new city . west elsdon . gage park . clearing . west lawn
                                                . chicago lawn . west englewood . englewood  south side: armour square . douglas . oakland . fuller park . grand boulevard . kenwood . washington
                                                park . hyde park . woodlawn . south shore . bridgeport . greater grand crossing  far southwest side: ashburn . auburn gresham . beverly . washington
                                                heights . mount greenwood . morgan park  far southeast side: chatham . avalon park . south chicago . burnside . calumet heights . roseland
                                                . pullman . south deering . east side . west pullman . riverdale . hegewisch    call today, we can help make
                                                your dreams come true  


home search tools   click for a home search  tapia realty featured properties   rental listings   commercial listings   click for mortgage calculator      real estate calculatorsaffordability calculator   current mortgage rates    home valuation request  contact form to tapia realty    

if you are in
                                                need of a home inspection




 

 











mortgage calculator






amount borrowed:


interest rate:


term of loan:
10 years
15 years
20 years
30 years
custom (months)


 



estimated monthly payment:






















enter your starting address:


street address: 



city: 



state: 



zip code: 


































































 testimonials"we were referred to tapia
                                             realty, from our lawyer for assistance in the short-sale of our condominium. we were very pleased with the entire experience,
                                             which only took approximately two months. our agent was not only personable, helpful and informative, but also very punctual
                                             and reliable. she was able to work around our busy and variable work schedules, and conduct much business over the phone or
                                             through email. our agent even took care of important last minute details to ensure the closing of our property. we would certainly
                                             work with tapia realty again in the future and also gladly refer them to friends and family."  jen & dan; skokie il "i am very happy having
                                             tapia realty assists me with my rental properties. veronica tapia is very knowledgeable, very professional, hard working and
                                             pleasant to work with. i will definitely continue to use the help of this real estate agency while renting, selling or buying
                                             properties"  juliana,
                                             real estate owner oak park, il  "i was looking to move near chicago from naperville and eventually chose oak park. tapia realty
                                             guided me  through the whole process of selling my home in naperville to finally buying a condo in oak park.  the agent
                                             working with me was very knowledgeable with the neighborhood and showed me a number of places before finally deciding on where
                                             i still reside after 10 years.  i would
                                             recommend tapia realty for any future real estate questions, or if i may want to sell and buy again" silvia, oak park, il"my family and i have used tapia realty for a number of years now
                                             for multiple real estate deals. the brokers at tapia realty are very knowledgeable of the market and were in top of every
                                             detail and successfully closed in our properties"amer, cicero il  "when it comes to customer satisfaction i have to say that tapia realty made my
                                             experience one to remember. i felt like i was your only client even though i knew otherwise. with emails of new homes everyday
                                             and constant communication helped me find the perefect home for me. today i stand in my perfect home thanks to you and all
                                             your hard work."jimmy, chicago last names have been removed for privacy
                                             purposes   







contact information:




full name:










email address:










telephone number:










your interests:




send info about:




buy a home / property
sell a home / property
rent a property






comments:









refer a friend:




contact information:








 





























tapia realty inc., an equal housing opportunity broker that does
                                    not guarantee the accuracy of square footage, lot size or other information concerning the condition or features of property
                                    provided by seller or obtained from public records or other sources, and the buyer is advised to independently verify the
                                    accuracy of that information through personal inspection and with appropriate professionals. 
   some properties which appear for sale on this
                                    web-site may   no longer be available because they are under contract, have been sold or are   no longer being offered for
                                    sale. all data and/or search facilities on this site are
                                    for   consumer's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose   other than to identify prospective properties
                                    that consumers may be   interested in purchasing. tapia
                                    realty inc. cannot guarantee the accuracy of the data   created by outside parties. tapia realty inc. further assumes no 
                                     responsibility for any misleading content or incorrectly listed information   due to such negligence. all ancillary information presented on this web-site is   not guaranteed and should be independently
                                    verified by the users of this   site. tapia realty inc. makes no warranty, either expressed or implied, as to   the accuracy
                                    of the data contained within or obtained from this web-site.    


 copyright 2014 tapia realty inc3042
                                    n laramiechicago il 60641773-736-2460 






home



tapia realty staff and biographies



tapia  realty inc.   3042 n laramie ave, chicago il 60641 phone 773 736-2460           fax 773-736-9



hermosa chicago homes for sale 60639



humboldt park chicago homes for sale 60647



irving park chicago homes for sale 60641



norwood park chicago homes for sale 60631



albany park chicago homes for sale 60625



austin galewood chicago homes for sale 60651



avondale chicago homes for sale 60618



dunning chicago homes for sale 60634



edgebrook chicago homes for sale 60630,60646



montclare chicago homes for sale



rogers park chicago homes for sale 60626



jefferson park chicago homes for sale 60630,60646



suburbs bordering chicago homes for sale



espanol tapia realty





















