the family tree  links to other parts of my web site where is john marion marshall buried?  find him and win $100!click here for more information about him. marshall genealogy pages it has my entire database of just over 44,000 names and is completely searchable.   genealogy of the bible   a complete genealogy of the bible from adam to jesus.   biblical archaeology   archaeological discoveries that speak to the reliability of the bible as history.  marshall family and bible genealogy manuscript for sale.  click  here  for more information. a  map to martin marshall's gravesubmissions to the  databasemore good genealogy web sites a really great site - take this link to get to the surry county, north carolina cemetery projecttake this link to learn about the marshall familydna project lds - familysearchinternet genealogyservice - this is the mormon church site that has their database that you can search online.  it should be the starting point for any genealogy search.   rootsweb  - one of the most complete genealogy sites on the web.  along with the lds site above, it is a must for any serious genealogy research.   us genweb project - part of the world genealogy project below. world genealogyweb project - links to genweb projects all over the world.just starting your genealogy research? here is a good site to help you get off the ground. your personal family history: learning about genealogy cemeteries  - cemeteries of interest to surry county, north carolina researchers  surname search - a very good surname search page.  it quickly gives you thee names of other people who are researching the same surnames that you are.  don't pass this one up!!  coats of arms - many coats of arms and more to be added. mycinnamontoastsurname search - another surname search page you will find very useful. jarvis family - there are many families here that are allied to the marshalls. family reunion list - this is an index of family reunions all over the country.  who knows, you might find one you will want to attend.  or, maybe your family is planning a reunion and hasn't told you. biographical directoryof the united statescongress - what congressional offices have your surnames held?  go to this site and find out.like what you see? click below to pass it on to a friend.you can reach me by email at: david@marshallgenealogy.orgcaution if you are using earthlink for your email, or any other mail server that automatically blocks every message as spam,  be certain to read this.back to top.various marshall crestsclick this link for many other marshall crests.thanks to john lehman for these crests.the family treededicated to the martin marshall and allied family lines - over 44,000 and growing!david w. marshall, sr.147 west idlewood circlewest columbia, sc 29170phone: 803-553-3709 e-mail:david@marshallgenealogy.org videos  click  here to see two videos of my special needs granddaughter, maggie. one is about her first outing besides to the doctors since she was born. the second is about her first day at school. she is three in both videos.marshall genealogy manuscript for sale  click  here for the details.bible genealogy manuscript for sale  click  here for the details.please visit my son's web site below.  use your back button to return to this page.david, jr's web sitewhat day of the week were you born?  click week day born and find out. welcome to the only web site dedicated entirely to the marshalls of surry, forsyth, and stokes counties in north carolinaand carroll county in virginia.i also research the following allied families:  badgett, frey (fry), joyce, marion, marshall, key, nichols, quesenberry, robertson, sparger, talbot, vanhoy, venable, wolfe, wray.this site focuses primarily on the family of martin marshall; born in calvert county maryland; died in stokes (now forsyth county), north carolina.  the information at this site also includes the names of the people we believe to be the ancestors of martin.   even though we are not certain about martin's ancestors, michael marshall of caret, virginia has come closer to closing that gap than anyone else i have been in contact with.  i am including the results of his work in hopes that as time goes along others can refine the data and, perhaps eventually find the documentation we need to firmly establish the family links.  the data at this site begins with william marshall, the person we believe to be martin marshall's 2nd great grandfather.  beginning with william there are over 13,00 marshall descendants on this site.  so, begin your search by going to  marshall genealogy pages.  good luck, and please contact me if you find a connection to any of the family lines on this web site.where is john marion marshall buried? here is everything i know about john marion marshall that i hope will eventually help us find his grave site. it is quite a story. first, john marion marshall is my great grandfather.  he married christina sparger and fathered 12 children by her in white plains, nc, just outside mt. airy.  until late in the year 2001 i had no solid documentation about where he might be buried.  i was pretty sure that he was buried in or around san antonio, texas, but had no official documentation.  now i have some census information that firmly places him in san antonio in 1880.  here is what i know. i have two letters that robert k. marshall and gurney robertson exchanged in 1925. robert k. marshall is the one who tried to connect us to chief justice john marshall, which gil robertson was able to disprove.  gil is gurney's nephew.  anyway, robert k. was collecting letters about the marshall family to store at guilford college in greensboro. here is what robert k. had to say about john marion marshall: "to this i hope to add a letter written by john marion marshall to uncle sam." (uncle sam would be john marion marshall's son, samuel edward marshall, my grandfather - dwm)  "there was also a letter written to eleanor martha (saunders) by john marion asking if it would be possible for him to return (with his second wife).  this should also be located." gurney's letter to robert k. marshall says the following about john marion marshall: "john marion marshall became attached to a woman in yadkin county and about 1872 left the county with her going west.  her name was frankie pate.  they lived together and two children are know to be born unto them.  elizabeth and bill.  they were living in indianapolis, indiana.  in 1876 they left there to go west of san antonio, texas.  he was going there to look after a ranch for a man near indianapolis.  before he arrived there the man that owned the ranch died and left him without a job.  the last he was heard from his wife had died and he was living somewhere in texas." to the information in those two letters, add the information below from the census records:1880 united states censuscensus place: san antonio, bexar, texassource: fhl film 1255291 national archives film t9-1291, page 79b   rel sex marr race age birth occupation john m. marshall self m w w 55 nc wheel wright elizabeth marshall dau f s w 9 nc wm marshall son m s w 7 nc minnie d. marshall dau f s w 3 inmaria garera  other f w w 35 nm house keeperyou can see that the census record agrees with gurney's letter in great detail.  frankie was dead, and they did have at least two children, actually three children.  his occupation also matches what we know about him in surry county.  there are a couple of interesting things that the census record shows.  notice that the first two children are said to have been born in north carolina.  i have never heard of any children being born to them while john was still in white plains.  this could mean a couple of things.1.  he lived in nc for a while with frankie before going to indianapolis.  however, that doesn't agree with gurney's letter that he left surry county in 1872.  the oldest girl, elizabeth, would have been born about 1872.2.  john misreported their birth locations to the census taker.3.  something else happened that we don't know about.does anyone have an idea about this?back to topsubmissions to the computerized"family tree" databasethe computerized "family tree" will add your family data to the database of the descendants of martin marshall and their allied families.  it is the most extensive database in existence that is devoted entirely to these families.don't delay - submit your family and ancestor names today and receive free family group sheets. we only accept names that are related to families already on our database and we do not charge you for the privilege of adding your information.  in fact we automatically print and return family group sheets to you free of charge that reflect the information you submitted.  many times the family group sheets we return to you are more complete than the data you gave to us, because of the data already on the database.  we only ask that you submit copies of any documentation you have to confirm the information you wish to add and agree to allow us to give your name to others who are researching the same family line.back to top.a map to martin marshall's grave site -  it is about 6 miles northwest of winston salem up baux mt. road.  dusty trail is just below the stokes county line on the map below.  you turn right down dusty trail until you reach the old civitan camp.  you have to walk about 75 to 100 yards beyond the old camp and go into the woods to the left.  do not go there without contacting the owner.  send me an email or call me at 803-796-7228 to get his name.back to top.you can reach me by e-mail at:david@marshallgenealogy.org a caution about your spam blocker i have a large number of people who contact me daily and ask for information about their families.  i love to communicate with "cousins" and others who are interested in something on my web site.  however, if i send information to you and the message comes back because of your spam blocker i will make no further attempt to send the data to you.  are you using earthlink, or another email server that automatically blocks every message as spam unless i go to a web site and jump through hoops to get the message to you?  if so, you must set your account to accept messages from me before i reply to your request.  i will be happy to communicate with you through email.  but, you need to be sure that my messages will get to you the first time i send them and not be blocked by an automatic message filter.i deal with spam everyday and don't like it.  but, i also do not like having to solve your spam problem by doing extra work to get messages to go through.  view statistic