







plastic tanks, plastic fabrication services, inc., industrial tanks, plating tanks, polypropylene tanks, chiller tanks, process tanks, pvc tanks, chemical tanks, plastic fabrication, fabricated plastic, anodizing tanks, pickling tanks, water plastic tanks, plastic tanks for industry, industrial plastic tanks, factory plastic tanks, plastic tanks for storage, plastic fabrication, aerospace tanks, galvanizing tanks









plastic tanks  plastic fabrication services, inc.  chemical tanksclick here to get your custom tankphone 440-953-9990             company@plastictanks.com
 

home
large
divided
small
enclosed
general
plating
round
clear
spray
features
cle
chem
h2o







plastic fabrication services, inc. 




 we are a custom fabricator of plastic tanks and products.  
we custom build to your specifications.  
we are available to offer design and material suggestions after you submit your rfq.  we have over forty-two years experience in the field of plastic fabrication.please note that the ultimate design is up to you and that you are to determine the suitability for your requirements.
 please feel free to contact us with any questions that you might have.you may click on any of the links below to see images of the many applications of plastic tanksand items that we have completed for customers across the united states.   
  please note that we service industry and government only.  we do not respond to private or individual requests.click here to buy plastic materials online.sheet, rod, & tube

















please click on a product
for more information.
www.plastictanks.com











buy norwesco tank & bulkhead fittings online

click here to buy plastic materials onlinesheet, rod, & tube





plating tanks 


 chemical tanks 


 wastewater tanks 


 water tanks 




 plastic tanks 


plastic fabrication 


 plastic machining 


 plastic materials 




 commercial tanks


 polypropylene tanks 


  overflow tanks 


 plastic welding 




 pvdf tanks  


 storage tanks 


 industrial tanks 


 polyethylene tanks 



 

 pvc tanks 


process tanks

 







 

do you need a plastic tank, fume hood or other industrial item made of plastic?   
   we are here to help with all of your fabricated plastic tank requirements.  plastic fabrication services, inc., is a quality fabrication and manufacturing facility which serves the needs of industry and government all across the united states.  
   this is an industrial website.  we serve industry/government and industry/government only!  we produce a quality product  at a commensurate price.  
 if you want the best in your product and the assurance of dealing with a world-class fabricator, stick around.  welcome to plastic fabrication services, inc.  we welcome your business.  

 


 

 we custom fabricate to your specifications.

 


 

 




who we are and what we do
plastic fabrication services, inc. is the leading manufacturer of custom fabricated plastic tanks.  with over 42 continuous years experience in the building of plastic tanks we have secured our place in industry as a high quality fabricator of plastic tanks and components.  whether it's a plating tank, a dip tank, plastic rinse tank, or rust-resistant chiller tank or industrial process tank we can most likely tackle the job.  we have made thousands of plastic electroplating tanks, polypropylene process tanks, pvc chemical tanks and polypropylene chiller tanks for industrial chillers.  we have hundreds of sheets of various materials on the shelf including pvc and polypropylene, acrylic and polycarbonate, ready for your next project.  tanks are usually made to order from customer blueprint from which we cut and then weld the components together before hydro-testing.  plastic tanks can be enclosed with tie plates and/or baffles, or externally supported with plastic supports and/or steel tube enclosed in plastic.  the customer makes the determination of suitability for its' requirements prior to order.  so if you're looking for a single tank or an entire set of plastic tanks for a plating line or process line send us your drawings via email or fax and we'll take a look and let you know what we can do.
 
about plastic tanks
plastic tanks offer excellent chemical-resistance in corrosive environments where present are strong acids, degreasing agents, electrolytic attack, and organic solvents. our plastic plating tanks, process tanks, and other tanks are built for the specific needs of a wide array of industries and businesses. 


home


in stock buy now


small plating


large plating


plating baskets


chiller tanks


anodizing tanks


chemical tanks


water tanks


aerospace tanks


pressure test tanks


spray tunnels


get a quote










facility/shipping/receiving503 lake shore blvd.painesville twp., ohio 44077
plastic fabrication services, inc. phone: 440-953-9990   fax: 440-953-1599company@plastictanks.com

billing/payments/mailp.o. box 242grand river, ohio 44045-0242




our facility is proprietary: we do not accept visitors.
[home]  [large tanks]  [fume hoods]  [divided tanks]  [enclosed tanks]
[general tanks]  [clear tanks]  [round tanks]  [machined parts]
entire site copyright 1999-2024 by plastic fabrication services, inc.all rights reserved.  copying & duplication prohibited.. 













×your shopping cart

total:   continue shoppingview cart


