















b2c marketing automation platform and email marketing | redeye


































































platform

platform
customer datacreate a single customer view
integrationsworking with your tech stack
channelsemail, sms, ads, web push & more
automationscustomer lifecycle marketing
customer intelligenceuncover insights via ai reporting
ai predictive analyticspredict your customer behaviour


pricing
industries

industries
ecommerce & retailersnative integration with shopify
travel, hotels & transportover 15 years of experience
sports clubs & associationspartnership with sport:80
automotive & car dealershipsintegrations with dealerweb
non-profits & charitiesdonor automation specialists
museums & attractionsincrease repeat bookings
further & higher educationrecruitment drive solutions


people
customers
resources
company

our company
aboutlearn more about us
why redeyereasons to choose us
complianceand accreditations
sustainabilitya responsible partner
careerscome work with us


get in touch
 



home




marketing automation & customer data platform 



create captivating personalised messages across multiple channels, in minutes 
build dynamic segments from customer behaviour and start delivering the best customer experience from a platform that can do it all including email, sms, push, audience retargeting and more…


take a guided tour








on average our clients achieve a 38% increase in revenue within the first year  



                                                recovering the gmail domain reputation                                            





                                                redeye push our programmes forward                                            





                                                a full data-driven platform in just six weeks!                                            






                                                an 8.8% increase in retention from churn models                                            






                                                518.7% increase in revenue from reactivation campaigns                                            






                                                40% increase in email revenue year on year                                            


  
















can’t trust your data to accurately target customers? we will fix that.
 
we take the complexity out of your data by connecting and combining all your customer data into a unified single customer view.
 
you’ll have the most accurate profile of your customers to drive targeted  and personalised campaigns.


gain trust in your data >>





















overwhelmed by the prospect of creating personalised emails? fear not.
 
our easy to use drag-and-drop email builder will help you create great looking, high performing personalised emails. 
 
using intuitive display conditions and copying content blocks, advanced personalised takes no time at all.


build eye catching emails >>





















juggling a host of platforms for each channel? not with us.
 
our campaign and workflow builder combines all channels onto one canvas. yes, send an email and follow it up with an sms, web push, app push all from one screen.
 
use our social, search & display retargeting, direct mail or web personalisation to target your customers anywhere. 


use one platform for all your channels >>










see our platform in action 














see how redeye releases the potential of your customer data to create personalised multi-channel campaigns across the customer lifecycle. 
 
in under 3 minutes you’ll discover: 

how quick it is to create customer segments for use in campaigns
the simplicity in building dynamic personalised email creatives
the joy of creating multi-channel campaigns from a single workflow
how ai-driven predictive models will transform your customer lifecycle marketing

 


watch redeye in action





















stop guessing what your customers want. use ai instead.
 
our platform learns your customer’s behaviours and can predict future behaviour. 
 
take the next step in marketing automation and go ai-driven with 8 out-of-the-box predictive models. including favourites such as prospect conversion, predicted churn and predicted vips.


save time, let ai do the work >>





















frustrated at not being able to effectively analyse your campaign results? we hear you.
 
there’s no headaches with our pre-built intelligent reporting liveboard. from any report you can drill down to ask any question of your data using natural search language.  
 
you can even ask ai to identify trends and patterns from these data points to give you a summary of how and what has changed – your own inbuilt data insights assistant!


find out the real reasons behind your results >>




















fed up of not being listened to or getting the support you deserve? we’re different.
 
a soulless ticketing system that may or may not be answered in a week’s time is not the redeye way. you’ll be allocated your own customer success team who you can call, email or video conference. 
 
yes, talking to real humans who know what they’re doing. it’s not just about support either, they’re here to offer you advice and guidance on email marketing strategy too! 


get support to make your business grow >>










don't just take our word for it 




 


















styling success: how get the label went from spam to glam

“our gmail reputation presented a substantial challenge when we first onboarded with redeye. with their astute guidance and proactive measures, we not only rectified our domain reputation but also created numerous engagement segments.”


                                                liz mcnamara, marketing director, get the label                                            

view case study
























achieving 305% roi within the first year of using marketing automation

“we knew marketing automation was the answer, but we didn’t have the expertise inhouse to start it from scratch ourselves. we chose redeye as our partner as their team became our team enabling us to grow at a faster pace.” 


                                                james edmonds, managing director, hayloft                                            

view case study






















email revenue up by 72% compared against previous automation provider

“since moving over to redeye they have exceeded our expectations with the level of strategic support and ideas they have provided to help grow fragrance direct, in comparison to our previous supplier. all of which has helped us see an impressive increase in performance with email revenue up by 72% when compared to what we achieved with our previous supplier.”


                                                danielle hardie, marketing executive, fragrance direct                                            





















quick pace needed for sky's abandoned basket programmes

“i really enjoy working with redeye on sky’s abandoned basket programme. redeye strive to push the programme forward, always coming up with new initiatives to try. they are also very accommodating to sky’s quick pace which is essential. i hope we work together for many more years to come.”


                                                victoria o'brien, digital product owner manager                                            























40% increase in email revenue through data-driven marketing automation

“the exponential growth of travelodge’s crm programme in the past couple of years has been credited to the sophisticated technology of redeye’s contour platform coupled with the skill, creativity and experience of their team.”


                                                 stuart dessler, senior ecrm manager, travelodge                                             

view case study
























predicting churn to makeover allbeauty’s customer retention strategy

“since applying the predictive churn model onto our customer database, we have been overwhelmed with the success in not only dramatically reducing customer churn but also increasing sales from those who would have previously lapsed by 414.6%.”


                                                crm manager, allbeauty                                            

view case study






 / 





award winning marketing automation technology 
redeye is recognised by g2 as a leader, high performer & easiest to do business with.





 











 











  





see the uk's longest established marketing automation platform in action 
one of our friendly experts will be in touch to find out a little more about your challenges and give you a tour of our platform highlighting exactly how our tech can solve your problems and help you reach your marketing objectives. 


get in touch








capabilitiesbreak down data silos
single customer view
powerful segmentation
predictive analytics
marketing automation
api messaging
campaign reporting
ai-driven customer insights
integrations
channelsemail marketing
sms marketing
web push notifications
mobile app push notifications
meta ads retargeting
google ads retargeting
display ads retargeting
website personalisation
direct mail
resourcesblogs
infographics
webinars
videos
get the label
allbeauty
england lacrosse
travis perkins
magnet trade
companywhy redeye
take a guided tour
watch redeye in action
book a demo
people
about
careers
general enquiries
legalcompliance & accrediations
sustainability
environmental policy
customer data processors
privacy policy
cookie policy
footer newsletteradvice, tips and guidance on marketing automationsign up to receive our marketing emails, full of blogs, case studies and white papers.
sign up
footer extras


rated 4.2 on g2


 







 


 

2025 red eye international ltd. all rights reserved.
company no. 04035064. vat gb 710433874.












it looks like you’re using internet explorer, which is no longer supported. you might experience issues, please click here to use chrome or here to use firefox.




















          
