





 































 


skip to content 









 










menu

home

national board
our story
corporate members


events

view calendar as grid
view calendar as list


chapters

national
central florida
dallas
finger lakes
grapevine
los angeles
napa-sonoma
rochester
seattle
texas hill country


wws member businesses
sign in
 







 


























 










who we are 




 
 
with nearly 700 members in the united states, women for winesense is a community of wine professionals and enthusiasts, welcoming everyone. we are committed to professional growth and fostering the knowledge and appreciation of wine and its cultural and historical significance.
 
  

 








 




 
 
women for winesense was founded in the napa sonoma area in 1990 to counter the anti-alcohol narrative taking hold at that time. since then, women for winesense has grown to nine active local chapters across the usa, as well as a national membership option for those not living near a local chapter.
women for winesense members are winery owners, wine enthusiasts, wine makers, wine marketers, sommeliers, wine distributors, wholesalers and importers, credentialed consumers, people who just love wine…and more. 
we feature events and programs for all interested in learning and fostering relationships at various levels with the promotion of the mindful enjoyment of wine at our core.
wws is a 501(c)(6) nonprofit organization. 

 










join us 

 




 
membership in women for winesense is offered in three tiers: aficionado, professional, and corporate.
each local chapter carries our common mission of professional growth and fostering the knowledge and appreciation of wine and its cultural and historical significance, and combines that with local goals and initiatives unique to each chapter. most chapters host 8-12 events annually, and all chapter members are invited to local events, as well as national online and in person events, as well.
national membership enables member-access to local chapter events across the country as well as national online and in person events. national membership is a great way to start if you are looking to grow a chapter near you.
many women for winesense chapters contribute thousands of dollars each year in scholarships to women in wine-related fields of study.
select a chapter near you (under the chapters tab, above) to learn more about that chapter specifically and to join that chapter.
  

 








 

















 


















 












 








contact us
p.o. box 19448austin, tx 78760phone: (831) 332-1727 

 




info@womenforwinesense.org
 
  

 






quick links 




about women for winesense 




events 

 




connect with us 

 






icon label











icon label











icon label









privacy policy terms & conditions 

 




        ©  women for winesense 2025 
 






 
 










 

