














acupuncture training for physicians | medical acupuncture training





































































































home
about hmi
faculty
published articles
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 











medical acupuncture for physicians course

course highlights
current & upcoming courses
course description
admission procedure

admission procedure: mar-sept 2025


accreditation
why this course?
letters of endorsement
photo gallery


courses for hmi graduates

graduate course offerings
graduate webinar – winter 2025
returning warriors
chinese scalp acupuncture
graduate-level video subscriptions


resources

books & videos
links & resources



















educating physicians in the science & art of medical acupuncture



enroll in a course with us









what we do
helms medical institute delivers the highest quality medical acupuncture training program for physicians in north america.
90% of physicians practicing acupuncture in the u.s. have been trained by helms medical institute’s courses. the u.s. military has chosen helms medical institute for medical acupuncture training for its physicians.
hmi medical acupuncture cme courses are taught by physicians for physicians. we are proud to offer the greatest number of in-person training hours of any accredited medical acupuncture training program.








2024 hmi graduate testimonial 








2024 hmi graduate testimonial








hmi 2023 graduate testimonial








2023 hmi graduate testimonial








2023 hmi graduate testimonial








2023 hmi graduate testimonial













reasons to add acupuncture to your medical practice:






acupuncture reduces pain

effective and proven analgesic value in acute and chronic pain
neuromusculoskeletal and visceral
endorphinergic and anti-inflammatory
non-pharmacologic pain management




acupuncture reduces stress

directly addresses the neurophysiology of stress
downregulates and balances central and autonomic tone
lowers stress levels in your patients and yourself




acupuncture reduces anxiety & depression

effective anxiety treatment
calming, centering, and balancing without pharmaceuticals
treats depression with classical and neuroanatomic methods






addresses long covid symptomatology

real tools for profound fatigue and neurocognitive deficits
effective treatments for post-covid dyspnea
proven techniques for myalgia
neuroanatomically based approach to autonomic dysregulation




non-pharmacologic, non-opiate analgesia

analgesia without drugs
proven and effective pain-relieving tools
a true opiate alternative
invokes a multitude of endogenous and neuromodulatory systems
included in the 2022 cdc guidelines for “noninvasive nonpharmacologic approaches to acute pain”




integrative healthcare

expand and enhance your diagnostic and therapeutic framework
physician-centered integration of eastern and western medicine
understand the human condition more completely and have offerings for a wider range of patients














hmi provides training in medical acupuncture specifically for advanced healthcare providers (physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, dentists).  our courses combine chinese acupuncture with a western neuroanatomic approach.  this truly is integrative medicine combining the best of both worlds.



upcoming courses


winter 2025 graduate-level virtual course: "the intersection of medical acupuncture and neurology"
january 20 – february 22, 2025 | virtual
this intermediate-level course will be presented fully virtually, with video lectures available starting january 20 and a live webinar on february 22. senior hmi faculty have prepared a series of video lectures on various topics related to medical acupuncture and neurology.
 click here for course details & enrollement

march-to-september 2025 introductory course: "medical acupuncture for physicians"






















the 300-hour spring-to-fall 2025 “medical acupuncture for physicians” cohort has the following primary course units delivered in potomac, maryland (outside of washington d.c.):








module one:  march 13-16, 2025module two:  june 19-22, 2025module three:  september 11-14, 2025
enrollment is open! click here for the spring – fall 2025 admissions procedure & application































virtual journal club (wed jan 29): "acupuncture and atrial fibrillation"





















hmi journal club on the topic of atrial fibrillation. this is a one-hour virtual event. registration is free to attend. for cme credit, there is a fee of $40. click here for more information and to register.























email hmi to be notified of future course dates







the course
hmi’s primary course offering is the medical acupuncture for physicians program. this continuing medical education (cme) course presents the foundation of acupuncture science and theory, channel and point location, needling techniques, approaches to diagnosis and therapy, and patient management. it is a practice-oriented program that delivers the highest quality training in the theory and application of medical acupuncture. the course gives full dignity to both contemporary biomedical science and the medical tradition found in classical chinese texts, and enables you to adapt acupuncture creatively into your clinical environment.







questions about hmi acupuncture courses?



get in touch







medical acupuncture faqs


why should i add acupuncture to my medical practice?
medical acupuncture is a safe, proven, and effective technique that can be readily integrated into your medical practice. acupuncture is a unique tool for the medical challenges of the current moment, including nonpharmacologic approaches to pain management, stress and axiety treatments, and insomnia and fatigue.
it’s time to reinvigorate your love of practicing medicine. training in medical acupuncture will give you the tools for those seeking more to help your patients.

why should i take an hmi course?




helms medical institute is the longest-running medical acupuncture training program in north america. with over 40 years of teaching experience, hmi programs are highly refined and well organized, while continuously evolving and improving each year. hmi faculty are leaders in the field of medical acupuncture.
the hmi course philosophy combines classical acupuncture energetic theory with contemporary neuroanatomical approaches. hmi courses emphasize practical applications of medical acupuncture and prioritize hands-on clinical activities.





do physicians need a “licensed acupuncture” certificate/degree?
no! physicians can practice acupuncture under their medical license in most states after completing training requirements. check with your state medical board to determine your exact training requirements, and ensure you inquire about practicing under your medical license, not obtaining an acupuncture license. training requirements for physicians can go up to 300 hours in some states; the hmi “medical acupuncture for physicians” program is a 300-hour course.

how long is the training? what does the training entail?
the hmi “medical acupuncture for physicians” course is a part-time cme program spanning 6-7 months. during this time period, participants come for three live clinical sessions, each lasting 3.5 days. in between the live course modules, there are home study assignments composed of videos, readings, and quizzes. in addition, participants are assigned a small group of fellow students and an instructor for virtual meetings and additional support during the time in between live course modules.
participants need to dedicate a serious commitment to study during the 6-7 month course period. the hybrid model does allow for course studies to be integrated into other family, professional, and personal commitments

what credentials do i need to apply?
the “medical acupuncture for physicians” course is designed primarily for md’s and do’s.
dds/dmd’s, np’s, and pa’s will be individually considered.

is this a live or a virtual course?
we embrace a hybrid approach. comprehensive, in-person training allows time for hands-on skill acquisition under close supervision. supplemental small-group virtual meetings and a complete home-study video lecture and reading series rounds out your studies.

how many hours of cme are earned at hmi courses?
hmi designates the live “medical acupuncture for physicians” course for a maximum of 300 ama pra category 1 credits™.

is there board certification for medical acupuncturists?
yes, board certification is administered through the american board of medical acupuncture (abma).
 
diplomate and fellowship status can be attained through the american academy of medical acupuncture (aama).

does acupuncture really work or is it ‘just placebo’?
there is a strong and growing evidentiary basis for acupuncture-specific effects on physiological and neurochemical mechanisms. start with our page of published articles.









get in touch






name


degree


email address


phone number


message




submit







helms medical institute

call
(510) 649-8488

email
mafp@hmieducation.com

hours
mon – fri: 10am – 4pm



 








 
contact us


helms medical institute
2001 addison st, suite 300, berkeley, ca 94704
tel: 510 649 8488
fax: 510 649 8692
mafp@hmieducation.com


 



 

 
 
 

































