









cardigan bay holiday cottages and attractions 17th february 2025
















































































skip to content 


plan your stayon cardigan bay
cardigan bay holiday accommodation and attractions

search for:


41975
 




menu 
home
activities

walks and hikes
cycle maps & routes
sailing and boating
canoeing
kayaking
surfing
golf courses
fishing in cardigan bay


explore

beaches of cardigan bay
towns and villages
dolphins

seals and porpoises
sub aqua world


shops & businesses
food and drink
cardigan castle
cilgerran castle
pentre ifan dolmen
artists & art galleries
birds and wildlife
wild flowers of wales
moving to cardigan bay


attractions

boat trips dolphin watch
cardigan bay active
cardigan walking tours
cardigan island park
alternative tech cat
railway & camera obscura
footgolf
gardens
in the welsh wind distillery
market & guildhall
honey farm
river teifi cruise
silver mountain
trotting / harness racing
rheidol vale railway
welsh culture & heritage

welsh harps and music
welsh poets and writers
west wales antiques




where to stay

self catering cottages
bnb and guesthouse
glamping & camping
wheelchair accessible
with hot tubs
dog friendly
choose by location
late availability


what’s on

events calendar
popular cardigan bay venues
cardigan food festival
add your event


tourist information

useful & emergency info
bus and coach travel
road and route planner
maps, guides and books
train information
air travel
ferry services
bank holiday dates & weather
cardigan bay in the news
tide tables
cardigan bay for kids
faq’s
5 top tips


 












your 2025 guide to cardigan bay west wales

holiday accommodation and attractions
cardigan bay stretches 207 km (129 miles) from bardsey island off the llyn peninsula in the north to the wild headland of strumble head in the south with the largest population of dolphins in europe.

dolphins and beaches
cardigan bay isn’t just a playground for the dolphins – though it is the best place in europe to come dolphin spotting. want to see how much fun can you have getting wet? find information on the cardigan bay beaches, with traditional family seaside resorts such as new quay and aberporth, and quiet coves like cwmtydu where you might see the seals. find all beaches in the explore section of the site.

holiday accommodation
self-catering cottages, bed and breakfast guesthouses and campsites for glamping and holiday parks around cardigan bay. check out the late availability! enjoy a warm welcome and discover holiday accommodation for walkers, dog friendly places, wheelchair users and large family gatherings. choose where to stay on cardigan bay by location or type.
 
where to go and what to see
on foot, on your bike or on the water – the variety of landscape and clean fresh air make cardigan bay a great place to enjoy your favourite activity – from golf to canoeing or kayaking. the activities section of the site includes cycle maps and hiking routes around cardigan bay
 
explore & discover wales
 cardigan bay has small coastal villages such as llangrannog and market towns of aberaeron, cardigan to explore. find out about our towns and villages , shops and where to eat and drink . read about the wild flowers and wildlife and visit  historic cardigan castle.

festivals and events
we have all kinds of entertainment, exhibitions and festivals around cardigan bay and are lucky to have a fantastic variety of venues including theatres, cinemas and even a castle. the events calendar  has traditional festivals such as the unique barley saturday and cardigan river and food festival, and music and dance events.
 
attractions to visit west wales
enjoy a taste of wales at new quay honey farm or take a boat trip or steam train journey, there is always something to entertain you. you can try whitewater rafting, canoeing, kayaking and stand up paddle boarding with cardigan bay active. we have beautiful gardens to visit and the famous centre for alternative technology


the ambition of this site is to provide you with all the information you need to get the most out of your visit. i have tried to cover everything from finding your way here, to where to stay and where to explore. in particular i recommend an ‘out of season’ visit.
after all, doesn’t everyone deserve the experience of a beach to yourself just once in a while?
 












about cardigan bay websitei hope you find browsing this site and planning your holiday on cardigan bay almost as much fun as being here. 

i have been providing information on cardigan bay since 2000. inspired by the landscape, fantastic coast and friendly welcome. if you enjoy fabulous beaches, beautiful walks and great food, cardigan bay has it all.

many of the photos on this site are by ©janet baxter
images also from ©crown copyright 2025 visit wales

home
cookies in use on this site
disclaimer and privacy policy
wish you were here
 

share & followfollow cardigan baycontact and join usif you would like to add your business to the site, please contact jane davies jane @ cardigan-bay.com or use the link to the contact form below.
events or festivals can be added here:  add your event

accommodation and attraction providers - wish you were here? - complete this contact form. 

festivals & eventsa legacy in clay: ray finch (1914-2012) and winchcombe potterycahalen morrison at bluestonerhian eleri at canfascelebrating local seafoodcynefin at small worldjoshua burnside at bluestonereggae with captain accident
recent changes and additions


boat trips and dolphin spotting new quay 

late availability at maenayron holiday home 

maenayron holiday home cardigan 

contact maenayron holiday home 

popular cardigan bay venues 

st dogmaels village guide cardigan bay 

rnli the royal national lifeboat institution 









					© 2025 cardigan bay by asplash 




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by clicking “accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our effort to provide relevant content. please see our cookie policyi'm fine with thatnot sure




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								












save & accept



























