























hepatitis c | hepatitis c symptoms













































the latest research & treatment news about hepatitis c infection, diagnosis, symptoms and treatment.





search












home
news
information

frequently asked questions
hepatitis c
what is...?
hepatitis c symptoms
hepatitis c conventional treatment
hepatitis c medicines
hepatitis c alternative remedies
hepatitis c natural remedies
hepatitis c genotypes
hepatitis b
autoimmune hepatitis
liver biopsy information
cirrhosis info 
glossary
lab tests
liver cancer
viral load
view all »


treatment

hepatitis c medicines
liver support/meds


liver supplements

hepatitis c natural remedies
top 5 liver supplements
top 5 milk thistles

support

frequently asked questions
support groups
hepatitis c doctors
share your personal story
hepatitis c survivor stories
hepatitis c activism 
hepatitis c books
view all »


diet
free newsletter


receive the latest news on hepatitis treatments, clinical trials, social issues and important breakthroughs.

email address


join now



we value your privacy. we will not rent your email to anyone.



 







share


follow us


 
recently diagnosed with hepatitis c? start here.




what is hepatitis c?





a basic diet for hepatitis





treatments for hepatitis c





supplements for hepatitis c





research & treatment news





can i infect others?







survivor stories
stories that have been shared to benefit others with hepatitis c




							i'm 58 epclusa has turning me around in two weeks of treatment before my kidneys and liver was quivering and depression couldn't even get out of bed only after two weeks of treatment was a med tech and got needle stuck the aches are gone feel awesome now can do my normal house duties as a wife praise god i can live again thanks to all my doctors and pharmacy people i had stepheoheptatis i'm glad to be alive thank your rita s 2020
						
– theresa j





						i am 39 years old and i was a heroin attic for seven years and i shut up every day then on occasions i would shoot up on methadone my viral load ended up being over 500 million i was pasty pale and tired all the time then and yellow i got the medication and my skin color completely changed while while i was under the treatment i took a bunch of m marijuana brownies and it looked back at me i swear i kid you not and today i feel great no longer on heroin and sober don’t do drugs
						
– daniel j





							it's been 3 years cured my treatment was epscula sorry didn't spell it properly, any way my blood is very good my liver was close to f4 now its f2 i am very healthy and fit,i do have a occasional drink doctor said its ok just dont bing drink. i am very lucky and feel blessed, for those who are waiting for treatment you will be ok and feel good again
						
– robin e





							i suffered with migraines monthly at the age of 26. i was put on strong pain killers which didn't really help. at the time i had no clue you could shoot pills. i found out my oldest son was using and got my daughter started. it was the worst hell of my life. i found out my daughter had hepc. at the time there was no cure and i heard only nightmares about interferon. i decided if she was going i didn't want to be here so i started shooting. i got hepc. i didn't feel sick. i started going to a clinic with a sliding scale and the dr told me about epclusa. i qualified for a free program. ithe only side effect was i was tired. i have been off for months and no detection of the hepc. but i am always tired. my hips started being painfull and i get stiff after sitting for 10 minutes. i dont know if it is related to the epclusa but we are trying to get my daughter on the program. she has been drug free for 5 years snd manages the frame shop at michaels. hopefully, we get lucky. i hope i helped someone. good luck everybody. and for the record, shooting drugs is not the only way to get hepc.
						
– brenda p



share your story
see all survivor stories




download our free reports
the liver detox blueprint + things you may not know about hepatitis c

inside you'll discover:

things you may not know about hepatitis c
7 liver detox super foods your doctor isn't telling you about
5 dangerous foods that will wreak havoc on your liver
a free "mystery" gift valued at $9.99





email address


download now




you'll also receive the latest news and information to support liver health.
					rest assured, we will not rent your email to anyone.




latest hepatitis c articles





is hep c considered an std?
one of the most common questions people have surrounding hep c is whether it can be contracted through sexual contact and if it's considered an std.  continue reading »







safe, effective hepatitis b treatments
if you’ve recently been diagnosed with the hepatitis b virus, there are a few treatment options you can consider. continue reading »





hepatitis c treatment options in 2023
from direct-acting antiviral medications and interferon-based therapies, find out the current treatment options for hepatitis c in 2023. continue reading »





recently diagnosed with hepatitis c? here’s what to expect
find out more about hepatitis c, what it means to be diagnosed with this virus, and tips for coping with your recent diagnosis. continue reading »


view all articles »




educational videos







more videos




5:07

foods to avoid when living with hepatitis c
69,888 views




4:14

hepatitis c symptoms
42,201 views




6:41

cures for hepatitis c?
13,181 views




5:34

hepatitis c myths
10,175 views




6:28

hepatitis c and fatigue
8,913 views



5:22

hepatitis c viral load
5,862 views



5:16

hepatitis c transmission
5,289 views



4:55

hepatitis c and sexual issues
4,516 views



5:51

hepatitis c sexual transmission
3,675 views



4:07

what is hepatitis c?
1,846 views



6:47

hepatitis c oral transmission
1,708 views














site topics


frequently asked questions


hepatitis news 


what is hepatitis c?


hepatitis c symptoms


hepatitis c transmission


hepatitis c genotypes


hcv viral load


liver enzymes 


lab tests


hepatitis during pregnancy 


hepatitis c conventional treatment


hepatitis c medicines


hepatitis c alternative therapies 


hepatitis c natural remedies


top 5 liver supplements


top 5 milk thistles


hcv diet 


hepatitis c survivor stories 


cirrhosis


hepatitis c doctors


hepatitis c community




popular articles

hep c symptoms – could your rash be one?
hepatitis a is on the rise in the united states
can you get hepatitis c from saliva or kissing?
can you get viral hepatitis from oral sex?
what is liver dialysis and who can benefit from it?
hepatitis contagion in a public bathroom
lyme disease’s scary connection with hepatitis
what impact does hepatitis c have on your weight?
cured of hepatitis c: is there potential to infect others?
hepatitis transmission and swimming pools













inside you'll discover:

things you may not know about hepatitis c
7 liver detox super foods your doctor isn't telling you about
5 dangerous foods that will wreak havoc on your liver
a free "mystery" gift valued at $9.99




email address



get my free reports

we will not rent/sell your email to anyone. you'll also receive our newsletter and special offers to support liver health.






thank you!
you should receive your email with links to the reports shortly. if you do not, please check your spam/junk folder.
if you still haven't received our email after a few minutes, please feel free to contact us.
close window

















