



































































the post-star | breaking news | | read glens falls, ny and new york breaking news. get latest news, events and information on new york sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















12°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



education



nation & world



topic pages



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists



cartoons




sports


ps varsity 



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



announcements



music



movies & tv



food & cooking



dining



lottery



games



contests



comics



play



home & garden



parenting



health



get healthy



fashion



people



pets



faith



outdoors



travel




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal



adk wedding




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








12°
sunny
























        
        
            school notes: cambridge literary achievements, queensbury orchestra festival

cambridge and queensbury school magazines win literary honors, and other area school news. 

















        
        
            moreau proposes rate structure to pay off sewer debt

moreau — the town board has proposed an “equivalent dwelling unit” method for calculating how much of the nearly $12 million debt used to construct its route 9 sewer extension each property owner in the town will pay. 

















        
        
            queensbury, south high wrestlers earn place finishes in section ii division i meet

a handful of local wrestlers from queensbury and south high finished in the top six of monday's section ii division i state qualifier meet.

















        
        
            glens falls police charge man with failure to register as sex offender

a glens falls man has been arrested after allegedly failing to update his change of address as a sex offender.

















        
        
            narcotics investigation ends in arrest of fort edward man

a narcotics investigation ends in arrest of fort edward man.

















        
        
            glens falls captures section ii division ii boys swimming championship

glens falls senior jackson menard earned three gold medals and helped the black bears to a team championship in section ii boys swimming.

















        
        
            bolton receives no. 1 seed in section vii boys and girls basketball tournaments

the bolton boys and girls basketball teams received the no. 1 seeds in the upcoming section vii class d tournaments.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            narcotics investigation ends in arrest of fort edward man


















        
        
            glens falls police charge man with failure to register as sex offender


















        
        
            queensbury, south high wrestlers earn place finishes in section ii division i meet















                
                the latest



















        
        
            glens falls neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in the post-star. 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: glens falls news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from the post-star. 




















        
        
            state panel grills thruway director over service stop plan that 'borders on ridiculous'

the new york state thruway remains without any charging stations for medium and heavy duty electric-powered trucks, prompting lawmakers from both sides of the political aisle to question state-required increases of the emission-free vehicles that are already in effect.




















        
        
            five charged in 'horrific' murder of transgender man in finger lakes region

a state police investigator called it "one of the most horrific crimes" they have investigated. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            2025 best of the region




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 17-22

this week's high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 17-22, 2025.




















        
        
            high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 10-16

this week's high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 10-16, 2025.




















        
        
            high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 3-8

this week's high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 3-8, 2025.




















        
        
            north warren, corinth boys clash in battle for first in adirondack league basketball; more

north warren and corinth battled in the adirondack league as both teams came in unbeaten. south glens falls and queensbury looked to continue winning in foothills play. 












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            17 innovative products to help you manage stress this american heart month

contributor content. as you observe american heart month, now is the perfect time to explore ways to relax and prioritize wellness. this guide highlights 17 products that blend practicality with innovation, helping you cultivate a peaceful and balanced life.












provided








        
        
            safety tips for kids when jumping on the trampoline

provided content. learn safety practices to teach your kids when jumping on a trampoline. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            chip yigom



                                        3 buyce crossroad, warrensburg, ny 12885
                                    






















        
        
            charlies bar & kitchen



                                        365 canada st, lake george, ny 12845
                                    






















        
        
            skaneateles central school district



                                        45 east elizabeth street, skaneateles, ny 13152
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


i love a deal

classifieds

business directory

cars

homes

jobs

get healthy




services


advertise

apps

become a carrier

code of ethics

contact us

email newsletters & alerts

subscribe

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the post-star, 333 glen street, suite 305 glens falls, ny 12801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























