




















school of nursing | duke university



































      skip to main content
    

































 






main top level only


academics


research


global & community


centers & offices


news










search terms






























top quick link menu


about


students


faculty & staff


alumni & friends


give





skip to main content


your journey to a rewarding nursing career starts here
nursing reimagined: limitless possibilities
duke university school of nursing is committed to advancing health equity and social justice by preparing nurse leaders and innovators through transformative excellence in education, clinical practice, and nursing science.

apply now
request info
















duke university school of nursing










find your nursing program      











duke school of nursing offers diverse nursing academic programs tailored to meet the evolving demands of today’s health care landscape. from undergraduate to doctoral levels, our nursing courses and programs emphasize rigorous training, evidence-based practice and interdisciplinary collaboration.
as a duke nursing school student, you’ll engage in hands-on clinical experiences, cutting-edge research and outreach initiatives to prepare for a successful and rewarding career.



explore nursing programs & degrees


information for students


























news & events      







 








 



psychology and grief steer student to nursing
february 17, 2025

 



program inspires future nurse leaders
february 12, 2025

 



immersion trip enriches student experience
february 7, 2025















feb
20


open science: data transparency, accessibility, and security









feb
25


graduate global clinical immersion experience information session









feb
26


ethics of data management and sharing
























duke university school of nursing achieves top rankings in 2025 u.s. news & world report online rankings 
january 21, 2025






















 


 




duke university school of nursing achieves top rankings in 2025 u.s. news & world report online rankings 



 


 




map program continues to inspire next generation of nurse leaders



 


 




immersion trip to guatemala deepens commitment to global health



















student stories
from overcoming challenges to achieving academic and professional success, these stories showcase the resilience, dedication, and passion of duke university school of nursing students.
discover the real-life experiences of our students and be inspired by their commitment to shaping the future of healthcare.

















image
 





sometimes we choose a profession, but also, sometimes a profession chooses us. i feel like oncology chose me because, 15 years later, i'm still doing it, and i love it just the same.



elton veals jr., msn, rn, ocn - dual certification student




image
 





i was excited to become a nurse because i knew that there were many options in the career and i could use it to help in a variety of settings, even overseas. nursing allows one to enter the most intimate times of people’s lives and support them there.



emily laker, bsn-dnp student




image
 





duke struck my interest when i found out about their simulation labs, regional anesthesia course and wide variety of clinical rotations that allow you to get the best experience you can throughout your three years.



peter caraballo, dnp student























student stories
from overcoming challenges to achieving academic and professional success, these stories showcase the resilience, dedication, and passion of duke university school of nursing students.

















image
 






good, ethical medicine will rise naturally from the nurturing of good clinical relationships. clinical practice that is virtuous – that seeks to know and accompany the patient in every moment, especially the most routine and mundane, will beget clinicians with a sense of their patient’s good.



jonathan mcgee, msn student




image
 






reflecting on my academic and career path today, i can confidently say that becoming a nurse and, subsequently, a nurse practitioner, has been the right decision. this rewarding journey has allowed me to fulfill my calling and make a positive
impact on the lives of those i care for, bringing me immense satisfaction and a sense of purpose.


feyisetan idowu, msn, aprn, pmhnp-bc, rn - nursing education student


















research      
research is an essential component in many of our nursing programs. our center for nursing research provides resources that nursing school faculty, students and duke university health system practicing nurses and researchers need to advance nursing and interdisciplinary science, including:






multilevel nurse-led models of care: empowering nurses to lead in comprehensive patient care.





historically marginalized and underserved populations: amplifying voices and improving care for the overlooked.









data science and digital health: harnessing data to revolutionize health care delivery.





health equity and social determinants of health: leveling the playing field for health access and outcomes.









biobehavioral and omics: unlocking the intersection of genes, behavior and health.





health ecosystems: urban, rural, global health, climate change: adapting health care for diverse environments and a changing planet.














global & community connections






duke university school of nursing prepares global citizens and empowers students, clinicians, scholars and partners to promote health equity in our local community and worldwide.
in addition to the work of nursing school alumni, faculty and students here at home, students have access to global clinical/cultural immersion experiences that expand their worldviews and deepen their knowledge of community health and wellness issues.


impact across the globe

student experiences   
research and partnerships   
international visiting scholars   
consulting   



improving the health of communitiies

student experiences   
clinical outreach   
research and scholarship   
partnerships   














clinical practice & partnerships      
unparalleled clinical experiences complement our comprehensive nursing courses.
through diverse partnerships, our students and faculty actively engage in clinical settings across the lifespan of care.
as part of the duke university health care system , duke school of nursing gives students the opportunity to learn from providers at the #1 ranked hospital in north carolina, according to u.s. news & world report.
learn more about clinical practice & partnerships



















faculty spotlight  
duke university school of nursing is committed to ending health inequities through transformative excellence in education, clinical practice, and nursing science. learn more about how we’re developing innovative models of care in which nurses are designing healthcare interventions to meet today’s greatest health challenges.
health equity reimagined






















donna biederman, drph, mn, rn, cph, faan


i am hoping to influence the next generation of nurses through my teaching and through leading by example.






jacqui mcmillian-bohler, assistant professor and associate dean of academic innovation and evaluation


our students at the school of nursing are amazing—they come to us amazing. so, we want to make sure that the experience they have is transformative and that we’re elevating them in terms of what they can achieve.






stephanie ibemere, ph.d., rn


i have lost family members to chronic disease due to access and capacity gaps in nigeria. learning that sickle cell disease prevalence was the highest in nigeria only fueled my passion to close these gaps.

























faculty spotlight  
duke university school of nursing is committed to ending health inequities through transformative excellence in education, clinical practice, and nursing science. 
health equity reimagined
















 




donna biederman, drph, mn, rn, cph, faan


i am hoping to influence the next generation of nurses through my teaching and through leading by example.



 




michael cary, phd, rn, and elizabeth c. clipp term chair


we are building tools to ensure against discrimination when using these algorithms to deliver patient care at duke health.

























join our nursing community today
experience the duke difference. as a top nursing school in the nation, we empower students to become successful nurses who lead with purpose and passion.

apply now
request info



stay updated, stay inspired!

sign up

join our health equity reimagined newsletter.
by subscribing, you agree to receive emails from duke university school of nursing. we value your privacy. you can unsubscribe at any time.


























      this website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. by continuing to use this website, you consent to duke university's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the duke privacy statement.
    


i accept
    









 
    
make a gift


academics
students
faculty & staff
employment
tech hub


news
alumni & friends
admissions
financial aid & scholarships
emergency hub


307 trent drive
durham, nc 27710
(919) 684-3786

accessibility
privacy statement



 
copyright © 2025 duke university school of nursing








login









scroll back to top automatically























