









carver college of medicine
















































skip to main content


search 




 


            carver college of medicine
          






education
research
patient care
about us
departments
news & events
























  
 not your traditional teacher 
 how this pa educator is making a lasting impact 



 



future students
current students
researchers
alumni & friends
job postings
faculty & staff
community
media
 





meet our people 


  
 jinha park, md, phd 
 radiology  

  
 stephanie chen, md 
 pathology  

  
 polly ferguson, md 
 pediatrics  

  
 lane strathearn, mbbs, fracp, phd 
 pediatrics  

 







events 


canceled - department of microbiology and immunology - gwendalyn randolph, phd
tuesday, february 18, 2025, 3:00pm to 4:00pm

nurse midwifery education program - virtual open house
tuesday, february 18, 2025, 6:00pm to 8:00pm
join us for an upcoming virtual open house to learn more about the nurse midwifery education program! this program is a post-baccalaureate certificate program leading to a certificate in midwifery. 
	
	the program is five semesters total, and we welcome a new class of students each september.
	
	register here: https://uiowa.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/sv_6kkleprwi9qmt8y 


acb seminar series - israel wipf & juan rodriguez 
wednesday, february 19, 2025, 9:30am to 10:30am
israel wipf, a cell and developmental biology student in the tootle lab, will present a seminar titled "the role of lipid droplets and atgl during in vivo collective cell migration."

juan rodriguez, a cell and developmental biology student in the yang lab, will present a seminar titled "regulation of ide-mediated hepatic insulin clearance by nitrosative stress”

 



      news    



 


 carr provides care for community where she was born 
 “i’m privileged to be in a space where i’m needed,” says obstetrician-gynecologist wanakee carr (14md). “when i hear that patients feel heard, seen, and cared for to the best of my ability, that means a lot to me.”  

 not your traditional teacher: how this pa educator is making a lasting impact 
 a passionate educator and mentor, marc doobay is committed to preparing students for the challenges of patient care and professional success in the physicial assistant field through creative teaching methods.  

 kathy mathews receives mda legacy award 
 the muscular dystrophy association (mda) will honor ui professor of pediatrics katherine mathews, md, with the 2025 mda legacy award for achievement in clinical research at the mda clinical & scientific conference in dallas, texas, on march 17.  

 













 
 





carver college of medicine


451 newton road
	200 medicine administration building
	iowa city, ia 52242
	phone: 1-319-335-6707
patients: please use mychart or the call center if seeking medical advice from your doctor. 






facebook





twitter-x



instagram



youtube


copyright © 2025 the university of iowa. all rights reserved
                



web privacy policy
                |
                nondiscrimination statement
                |
                accessibility






