speaking.com home - speaking.com keynote speakers bureau | speaking.com keynote speakers bureau
speaking.com home - speaking.com keynote speakers bureau          
   speakers@speaking.com
 menu
   remarkable speakers for memorable events. est. 1994speakers@speaking.com
find speakers
need options? free speaker consultation & bookingsearch speakersbrowse speakers by topicrequest a speakerfor clients outside the u.s.
speaker topics
for speakers
bureau membershipspeaker management services
about
the speaking.com teamservicestestimonialsbooking a keynote speaker with speaking.com faqscontact us
exclusive interviews and news
exclusive interviews with our thought leadersevent planning articles and tipsspeaking.com news
book a speaker
paradigms influence peoplejoseph stiglitznobel-prize winning economist & globalization expert
watch the talk   12 minutes

reporting in a war zoneanderson coopercnn anchor & international journalist
watch the talk   5 minutes

play with new peopleprofessor annmarie thomasted speaker & founder of the playful learning lab
watch the talk   4 minutes

motivating & inspiring storiesrobert herjavecshark tank entrepreneur
watch the talk   47 minutes

evaluating economic risksdr. dambisa moyoceo and founder of the mildstorm group
watch the talk   12 minutes

inspiring talk on exploration & healthcare improvementdr. scott parazynskinasa astronaut & global explorer
watch the talk   22 minutes

the future of the minddr. michio kakurenowned physicist & tv show host
watch the talk   thirteen minutes
we represent the world's greatest keynote speakers
since 1994, speaking.com has been bringing top keynote speakers to conferences and meetings throughout the world.  we represent global talent that can help you and your team through these unprecedented times: world leaders, best-selling authors, economists, leadership gurus and top business experts, including:


celebrity
bear grylls


celebrity
wayne brady


celebrity
padma lakshmi


celebrity
howie long


leadership
blake mycoskie


leadership
linda hill


leadership
amy cuddy


leadership
rachel botsman


motivational
daymond john


motivational
bethany hamilton


motivational
jose hernandez


motivational
tim tebow

view all our speakers

view speakers by topic

our top rated speakers

michael frick, speaking.com ceohelpful tips on finding, booking and getting the most from your speaker
whether you're booking your first speaker or you're a pro, we offer valuable tips, tricks and resources to help you plan a successful event.
get started here »browse speaker topic areas...
we represent top keynote speakers in a variety of popular topics... begin your quest:

leadership


technology


celebrities and entertainment


motivation & inspirational


politics and society


healthcare


personal development
see all our topics


go to topics

speaking.com was amazing at answering my questions and was very helpful throughout the whole process. they were very responsive and kind throughout. a pleasure to deal with. 10/10 – stanford university
i’ve had the pleasure of working with speaking.com for the past few conventions for a keynote. they are extremely organized, communicate effectively, and overall make my job so much easier. there are other companies out there that offer the same services, but because of the outstanding customer service speaking.com offers, i won’t be looking anywhere else for my convention. speaking.com team, you’re stuck with me! – bona
the speaking.com team has been attentive, and on top of our request in a time crunch to make our speaker work for us. i am grateful for their diligence and wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this company to my friends and colleagues. – realtor.com
our speaking.com agent was just the right mix of swift, simple and easy to work with! his communications were clear, his turnaround time was astoundingly fast and his passion for his speaker and his commitment to us, his client, both came through loud and clear. i look forward to partnering with him on future engagements! – biogen
thank you for your consistent communication, organization, and hard work.  it truly has been a pleasure partnering with you too, we would love to stay connected with you for future events. – national human resources association
our account rep was great to work with.  he helped facilitate some specific requests on our part, kept us in the loop of any issues, and promptly replied to all communications.  thanks for making this a great event! – foundation for economic education
speaking.com does a wonderful job!  our ae always responds promptly and is very professional, thank you! – alphanet
our account rep was fantastic; he is very responsive, handled registration for our speaker, submitted the contract and invoice quickly – so easy to work with. thank you! – deloitte
our client rep was a pleasure to work with.  he was well organized and kept me updated every step of the way.  the level of professionalism and the quality of the materials received were excellent.  i will be in touch for future speakers! – mattel
once again our agent did an outstanding job. not only did he provide me with a number of options for potential speakers but he helped with seeing who was available, when they could speak, and getting everything done in a timely fashion. i look forward to working with him again. – auburn university
our account executive was a pleasure to work with to arrange our keynote presenter for the sustainable brands sydney conference. he was swift to respond and his communication was always clear. if i am looking for international speakers, i will think of speaking.com in future. – sustainable brands
speaking.com / core agency were very helpful in every way possible.  i would recommend them to others and we will most definitely secure all our future conference speakers through them again. – babcock & wilcox
i so appreciated my representative for his responsiveness and for the ease with which i could communicate with him. this was my first time having to secure the talent for our program myself, and i could not have asked for a better experience with your speakers agency. – mayor’s commission on unity, diversity and prosperity for columbus, ga
i just wanted to send a quick follow-up note to say – thank you!  i appreciate your partnership, and perseverance in helping us to find the right speaker for our group.  our speaker was absolutely excellent! the group loved him; it was perfect. – devry education group
working with your speakers bureau has been a pleasure. everyone on your team was extremely responsive and informative, and really helped us to customize our event. i will be sure to reach out to your agency again in the future with any speaker needs that i may have. – the advisory board company
our account executive is an extraordinary person. always available, very kind and funny. eager to help and always quick to respond. i have so much fun working with him. a very delightful experience.  i hope continue working together for years to come! – credicorp bank
everyone at your speakers agency were professional and helpful throughout the process, making it easy to book, communicate, and prepare for our event. – hewlett packard
featured ted talks speakers
ted stands for technology, entertainment, design – three broad subject areas that are, collectively, shaping the future. each year, the world’s top thinkers, leaders, innovators and instigators gather for a multi-day journey into the future, filled with the keynote speaking presentations of those creating it. the event, known as ted was first held in 1984. decades later, this legacy of innovation and influence continues.  we represent a number of prominent ted speakers who have frequented the stages at ted and tedx events around the world, and are available to inform, incite and inspire at your next event.
watch the ted talks »exclusive interviews from our roster of global speakers
view morelessons learned from working with steve jobs by ken segallleadership success with dr. marshall goldsmithfitness, nutrition and life balance with gabrielle reecehow to adapt to the radically changing workplace, with heather mcgowan
view inspiring & groundbreaking talks
the speaking.com video library houses thousands of full speeches on fascinating topics ranging from leadership, technology and business to inspirational and motivational stories.  we are the "youtube" of speeches!
access the full video library now »
need help filling the seats at your next meeting / event?
call us / email us / check availability and fee for your favorite speaker.


get in touch 
call us: +1-213-725-7339.
email: speakers@speaking.com
topqualityessays.com 
about speaking.comtestimonialsour teamplan an eventfree consultationevent planning and booking resourceshow we can helpfind a speakerview our speakers by topicour top rated speakersted talks by our speakersbrowse our video librarybecome a speakerjoin our speaker bureauspeaker management services
check speaker availability and fees
©
 speaking.com





        