  








magic - cleaning products with stay clean technology


























 



                         






 

  the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.  free shipping on orders over $35! close shop all our brands in one cart our brands
shop all of our brands in one cart. if it needs cleaning, we’ve got a product that will get the job done.   weimansurface specific cleaningshop now   green gobblerdrain, septic & outdoor careshop now   30 seconds cleanersoutdoor cleaning productsshop now   biokleennatural cleaning productsshop now   googoneadhesive removalshop now   gonzoodor removal & disinfectingshop now   magicbathroom cleaning & repairshop now   stone carestone surface cleaningshop now   wrightsspecialty metal cleaningshop now close  toggle nav  my cart       menu  toggle nav household cleanersbathroom accessoriesbathroom repairblog  close account  account hello, sign in  create an account         categorieshousehold cleanersbathroom accessoriesbathroom repairbest sellers         splash guard - large   $21.99      add to cart          shower glass & mirror cleaner   $8.49      add to cart          stainless steel cleaner & polish aerosol   $8.99      add to cart          grout cleaner for ceramic & porcelain tile   $8.49      add to cart   
   how to re-caulk your tub categories: bathroom repair at magic, we made re-caulking jobs even easier with our magic tub peel & stick caulk for tubs and showers. we have breakdown step-by-step instructions to get you started on giving your bathroom a fresh life.  learn more. 
read article  install peel & stick caulk categories: bathroom repair magic tape caulk is designed to provide a flush seal without the usual mess of caulking. it's easy to use.  watch the short video to see full installation instructions and results of using the product.
read article  how to refinish your tub - spray-on kit categories: bathroom repair for tubs that have seen their better days, we have an easy fix. use the magic spray-on tub refinishing for a quick, efficient fix. watch this video to see instructions and results.
read article subscribe to our email list
sign up and receive our latest news and promotions.as seen in 

        755 tri-state parkway
        
        gurnee, il 60031
    

(855) 364-8137

  shop


household cleaners


bathroom accessories


bathroom repair

 magic


home


blog


about us


sds & ingredients


contact us


shipping & orders


satisfaction guarantee


reseller policy

 purposebuilt brands


company overview


our brands


sustainability


careers

   
                subscribe to our mailing list



facebook


youtube

  copyright © cc holdings, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy
terms and conditions
cookie policy
cookie preferences 



























































