






home | dynegy







































































                                        already a current customer?call for sales and support















                            homes
                            

about usareas we servemovingcommunity involvement 



                            businesses
                            

why choose ussmall businessbrokers & partnerscommercial & industrial plans 



                            municipal aggregation
                            

communities we serve 

illinois 

massachusetts 

ohio 

about municipal aggregationfaqs 



                            get help
                            

contact usways to savefaqsreport power outagebilling questions 
















true
true
true
true






an electricity partneryou can count on.














 


see our trusted rates





home



business













                                get started 


selectutility


 










already a customer?
call 833-251-4642 for support.
                    













the dynegy difference











        total transparency
    

we’ve been around for decades by doing things the right way. you can expect transparent plans that work for your home or business.







        trusted by millions 
    

why have millions of americans turned to dynegy over the years? because we deliver what we say. 







        satisfaction guarantee
    

if you're ever less than 100% satisfied with our services, we'll make it right. that's our total satisfaction guarantee.










            choose dynegy
            












proud to support our communities

 we’re grateful to serve our communities. from creating jobs to volunteering at shelters and food banks to renovating local parks, we're committed to doing everything in our power to help our communities grow and thrive.


more about dynegy

















pricing claims are based on a bi-annual comparison of the weighted average of competitors’ plans that are listed on state-run comparison shopping sites and valid only for: (i) the initial term for fixed rate products, and (ii) the first billing cycle of service for variable rate products. comparisons for plans with a commodity base charge assume 1,000 kwh monthly usage. in ohio, comparisons are based on average monthly usage of 1,000 kwh for non-electric heat homes and small businesses.












 












about uscontact usmunicipal aggregationcareersabout our adsmediaenvironmental disclosuresterms of serviceprivacy policyccr compliance 


                        © 2025  all rights reserved
                    






 
 







x



we use cookies for analytics and marketing purposes, including to personalize and enhance your browsing experience on our website. by using our website, you agree to our updated privacy policy and updated terms of use.





























