








chronic logic - games















































 


home > news and games

 


recent news:
sales and deals:



				07/24/2023 - zatikon is back and now 100% free!	
				10/10/2014 - armies of zatikon on android and apple store!
				05/13/2014 - kingdom elemental updated and now on steam!
				12/18/2013 - bridge it plus available on steam and more news!
				07/01/2013 - bridge it widescreen support and greenlight news!
				12/22/2012 - happy holidays from chronic logic

educational software information and educational pricing


zatikon crusades and legions free!
bridge it plus with steam and desura keys - $19.95
kingdom elemental with steam key - $4.95
astrodriller3020 - 70% off
bridge project bundle - save $29.85
bridge building bundle - save $19.90
gish pick your own price - save up to 95%!


zatikon:


now 100% free! construct your army out of creatures as varied as the magnificent dragon or mighty warrior to the evil necromancer or holy templar. destroy your opponent with a heavy cavalry charge or defeat their army before they can reach you with archers, crossbowmen and mages. use an unlimited number of strategies to defeat your opponents and earn gold to increase the might of your army. play zatikon for free and start building your armies today!
				











				available for:





bridge it plus:


				a stunning, beautiful world awaits as you take on the challenge of bridging the chasm. can you solve the puzzles and avert disaster?
				set in the picturesque surroundings of sparse deserts and dense forests it is your task to strategically design and construct an engineering masterpiece. watch in eager anticipation as unsuspecting motorists, heavy freight trains and tourist riverboats approach. will your solution stand up to the test or will tons of mangled steel be sent plummeting into the river below?













				available for:







bridge project:


					build a bridge .... and get over it!
					
are you ready for the next bridge building challenge? build highly detailed bridges in beautiful landscapes and environments. you are tasked with constructing a huge variety of bridges.  build suspension and draw bridges, bridges made from stone, steel, wood, cable and concrete, bridges for car, trains, tanks and more.  are you up to the bridge building challenge?
				












				available for:




bridge construction set:


				bridge construction set is about building a bridge that doesn't break, although watching your bridge creation break and plunge a train into the watery depths below can be half the fun. in bridge construction set you design and build bridges and then stress test them to see how your creations hold up under pressure. when test vehicles pass over your bridge and make it safely across you know you've succeeded. if they plummet into the river you know you need to go back to the drawing board.
				












				available for:





pontifex:


				in pontifex you design and test bridges. pontifex uses a complex physics engine which allows the construction of many different types of bridges. once your design is completed, you can test the strength of your bridge by sending a train across it. depending on the quality of the bridge's design, the train will either pass over safely or plummet into the river below. the 3d engine lets you view your bridge from any angle, including a first-person "strapped to the front of the train" view. many different levels are included, from simple to complex, and a level editor allows you to make your own levels to trade with others.













				available for:



gish:


				gish isn't your average hero; in fact he's not your average anything. you see, gish is a ball of tar. a sunday stroll with his lady friend brea goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls brea into the ground below. following brea's calls for help, gish suddenly finds himself in the subterranean sewers of dross, a long forgotten city filled with twisting corridors, evil traps and some of the most demented creatures imaginable.












				available for:





kingdom elemental:


				kingdom elemental features nigh unlimited number of possible tactics by pitting combinations of your upgradeable heroes and their unique abilities against hordes of unique enemies like giant rat mobs!  everyone loves giant rat mobs with their secret furry pockets full of gold and armor! seriously no giant rat mobs, but tharr be pirates!  giant war pigs!  a crypt full of living dead who are just begging to be killed.....again.  knights who no longer say "ni!", a flaming doom bear who would like nothing more then to bbq you for lunch, and so much more! 
				











				available for:




triptych:


				maneuver pieces so that three or more blocks of the same color are adjacent to each other. touching three blocks of the same color together causes them to become "energized" before they are destroyed. "energized" blocks will "energize" any other blocks of the same color they come in contact with. the more blocks destroyed, the more points for you. as blocks are destroyed, connected blocks are freed to move independently and will fall to fill the empty spaces. unlike other puzzle games, the game board is a dynamic entity where the blocks obey the laws of physics. every game is a new experience!
				











				available for:






astrodriller3020:


				hey man, what are you doing sitting there? we've got asteroids to drill and gems to collect! get off yer seat warmer and get your laser turret ready! we've got 90 levels to drill through, all with unique properties: how fast the asteroids fall, how many asteroids there are, different colored asteroids, and a few more surprises! i need you to catch the asteroids with your laser turret and guide them into their matching vacuum tubes...all the while grinding off excess rock to get extra points. so what are you waiting for, you'd better get to gettin' while the gettin's good!












				available for:






  



games - support - about us - sitemap - search - privacy
© copyright 2002- chronic logic llc all rights reserved





