







central animal hospital – tucson veterinarian – tucson's best pet care for dogs, cats, birds, reptiles and exotics


 

























home
green building
doctors library
contact
location
blog
central animal hospital - tucson veterinariantucson's best pet care for dogs, cats, birds, reptiles and exotics call today:
(520) 323-9912

home







“until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened."
 ― anatole france 
							 


“such short little lives our pets have to spend with us, and they spend most of it waiting for us to come home each day.
it is amazing how much love and laughter they bring into our lives and even how much closer we become with each other because of them.”
― john grogan, 
  marley and me: life and love
    with the world's worst dog
 



bird wisdom 
							
everyone likes birds. what wild creature is more accessible to our eyes and ears, as close to us and everyone in the world, as universal as a bird?
 - david attenborough 
							 



"we can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals."
  - immanual kant 
							 






tucson veterinarian for dogs, cats, birds, reptiles, rabbits, ferrets, and exotics
a tucson veterinary hospital, central animal hospital provides experienced veterinary medical and surgical care for dogs and cats in tucson. in addition, our experience allows us to offer complete veterinary services for the more unique pet – birds, reptiles, ferrets, rabbits, and other exotics.
central animal hospital moved to their new location in august, 2009. moving has given us the opportunity to design a facility that can provide a clean, healthful and modern environment for our patients, clients and staff. our hospital has been certified “leed gold”– the first veterinary hospital in the country to earn this advanced “green” certification.
the central animal hospital is well-equipped with state-of-the-art equipment, and we are equipped with the good sense and experience to know when to use it. our tools include:

a high-frequency computerized x-ray machine, which provides the highest quality films with the least exposure of the patient to radiation.
an automated x-ray processor for rapid results.
on-site lab services for pre-anesthetic screening and rapid testing results when needed.
isoflurane anesthesia, one of the safest available. a respiratory ventilator for both large and very small patients.
a high-speed dental machine for excellent results and the greatest degree of comfort for your pet.
a radiosurgical unit for oral surgery, control of bleeding and surgery for the smallest of our patients.
ekg units and a pulse oximeter to monitor surgical patients, as well as help diagnose heart disease.
bear hugger forced-air heating to keep our surgical patients warm and safe.
a digital video endoscopic system to visually explore and biopsy our most delicate patients in a minimally invasive way.
and much more.

the central animal hospital is staffed by a small, friendly, communicating, and caring group of people.
providing professional, experienced veterinary medical care, advice, and compassionate attention
for dogs, cats, birds, reptiles, ferrets, rodents, and other exotic companion pets
 our doctors

dr. samuelsdoctor michael samuels graduated from iowa state university with a doctorate in veterinary medicine in 1990. after graduation, dr. samuels expanded his education via externships at the bronx zoo, a large private exotic medicine practice, and the animal medical center in new york city. he has since … read more...
dr. millerdoctor judy miller also graduated from iowa state university with a doctorate in veterinary medicine in 1990.  she has since practiced in the fields of small animal and emergency medicine.  dr. miller was the chief clinician of the central jersey veterinary emergency service, a large-volume … read more...
 recent posts


articles


pet dental health


acrylic shell repair for an injured tortoise


understanding the avian post-purchase exam


feline upper respiratory infections & bordetella vaccinations




central animal hospital
4020 e. speedway blvd.
tucson, az 85712
520-323-9912


 hours:
monday - friday 8am to 6 pm
by appointment only.



copyright © 2025 central animal hospital












