














start your career i gap year and service year path to success


















































































 












be_ixf;ym_202502 d_15; ct_50

be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26
https://www.cityyear.org/
https://www.cityyear.org/




skip to main content














change my location
clear my location






returning applicants
donate




about

about us
our stories
partnerships
leadership
locations
news & media


the experience

the cy experience
what to expect
benefits & resources
apply now
return for another year


the impact

our impact
a unique approach
evidence of our impact
annual report


alum life

for alumni
career resources
career partnerships
university partnerships
meet our alums
stay involved


 apply now





this page requires javascript














help students become who they’ll be tomorrow




you're here because you see something: the need to provide support in local schools so that all students can engage more deeply with their learning and feel a sense of connection. learn how city year creates environments where students—and you—can thrive.




















education by the numbers



84.6% national graduation rate
rising graduation rates show change is possible.

2,357+ high schools with graduation rates of 67% or less
lack of access to resources lead to disparities in educational, health, and economic outcomes.

11 point increase in grades and test scores
when students are supported in their social interactions and self-regulation.

3x higher graduation rate
for students who reach 10th grade on time and on track in their attendance, behavior and course performance.





















this is what change looks like
you see students with the talent, potential and desire to offer so much to the world but without adequate access to the learning environments and resources they need to thrive. so, you work with a team made up of people of different backgrounds and perspectives. together you get stronger, learn from each other and build each other up.







this is city year




              close×



















 









top five skills employers want you to have today
read more and check the city year blog to learn the soft skills our corps members gain through a year...
read more about top five skills employers want you to have today




a city year is more than just a gap year
alum claire dempsey shares her experience of taking a gap year before college to do city year.
read more about a city year is more than just a gap year




city year americorps members are student success coaches
here’s what “student success coach” means to us and why we believe more schools could benefit from having this additional...
read more about city year americorps members are student success coaches




building trust with students
city year has developed a strong culture of hard work, empathy, respect and understanding.
read more about building trust with students











                he motivates me. he's the best person i ever met in the world... i have no other people like him... that's always on me, pushing me."            




                      manny                                              sixth grader in providence, ri talking about city year americorps member justin roias.


















actions speak louder than your resume


more than 40,000 city year alums are taking the skills learned during their year of service into their communities and the workforce. learn how your experience as a city year americorps member will help you thrive in any field.
learn more









become the change you want to see in the world









join us
join a community that helps you grow by helping others grow. city year is currently accepting full year applications for the 2025-2026 school year.
get started










donate
when we invest in young people, we ensure that their talents and contributions are available to our communities in the future.
support city year










partner with us
city year partners with public schools, the federal americorps program and the private sector to support student success.
learn about partnering















donate
contact
locations
store
careers
 

© 2024 copyright city year at 287 columbus avenue, boston, ma 02116



privacy policy



































city year is available to all, without regard to race, color, origin, gender, political affiliation, disability, sexual orientation, or religion.  city year is a us tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (tax id number: 22-2882549). your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law.










national strategic partners











national partners























