
allen cypher








allen cypher 







 my professional career has alternated between academic research and product development. 
i have worked at apple, ibm and microsoft with user experience leaders — including don norman, alan kay and larry tesler — and i co-founded an educational software spinoff from apple.
my main academic interest is in end user programming: finding novel ways to bring some of the power of programming to non-programmers, with programming by demonstration being my preferred approach.
    my work focuses on making it easier for end users to automate their repetitive activities.
i received a b.a. in mathematics from princeton university, a ph.d. in computer science from yale university, and spent several years as a post-doc and sloan fellow in cognitive science at the
  university of california, san diego.
home@acypher.com







 
 


resumé
  


portfolio
  


publications


 


three 3-minute demos
 


presentations
 






projects



coscripter is a smart macro recorder for the firefox
    web browser.  you can record your actions in the browser,
    replay them, and share them with others.



i
am a co-inventor of stagecast creator,
a program that enables
children to create their own games and simulations, and to publish them
on the world wide web. creator was originally called kidsim, and then
cocoa. 



eager was one of the first
intelligent agents. it constantly watches your actions on the computer,
and when it detects a repetitive activity, it writes a program which
will perform that activity for you. 




"watch what i do:
programming by demonstration" was published in 1993 by mit
press. it describes 18 different programming by demonstration systems,
has a preface by alan kay, and includes a chronology, a test suite, a
glossary, and an extensive bibliography.
the entire text of the book is
available on the web.







animals in our yard



vacation photo
yes, i know what the uffizi is: it's the big building next to ora d'aria. (scroll to the right)



 

 



desktop pictures  




a view of the rockies taken from my hang glider over
telluride, co
i have other hang
gliding photos.


 
 



other
 




andy
cockburn on vampire: he's rightside up in new zealand.



 

0110


 
blog



other@acypher.com

