



sustainableoregon, state of oregon's sustainability initiative







































































government



citizens



business



environment



education








event calendar



news



case studies



about us











oregon's sustainability resource

















featured section















                                the 
sustainable oregon toolkit
 is a resource to assist communities and government agencies become more sustainable.
                              



[
sustainable oregon toolkit
]










sustainableoregon.net communicates developments in oregon state government and connects you with local agencies, organizations and businesses taking leadership roles in sustainable development.


2006 executive order - sustainability for the 21st century


2003 sustainability executive order


2001 sustainability act


what's new?


oregon sustainability board next convenes on 

friday, july 18, 2008

 in klamath falls, oregon.

in october 2007 a report commissioned by the oregon environmental council called 

fueling oregon with sustainable biofuels

 was released detailing how oregon is uniquely positioned to become a leader in the development of sustainable biofuels.

the 
1st annual oregon sustainability awards
 were hosted by the oregon sustainability board and the oregon economic and community development department on june 1, 2007. be sure to check the complete 
list of winners
, as well as some 
general information
 about the state of oregon sustainability awards.

the oregon department of energy's web site now features a new 

climate change portal

, which provides information about the state's efforts to meet the challenges of climate change. these efforts include reducing emissions, regulating energy facilities and setting the stage for carbon trading. visit the new portal to learn more about what oregon is doing to combat climate change.

the 

sustainable oregon toolkit

 is a resource to assist communities and government agencies become more sustainable.

in february 2007, governors from five states established the 

western regional climate action initiative

. this initiative will help the states of oregon, washington, california, arizona, and new mexico collaborate in identifying, evaluating and implementing ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in our states collectively.

oregon, washington, and california will work together to improve the health of the pacific ocean under the 

west coast governors' agreement on ocean health

. the three governors agreed to urge the federal government to give greater support to state efforts dealing with pollution, climate change and declining fisheries.  [
read cbs news article
]

 burgerville, a regional fast food chain serving local foods, announced it will use 
100% wind energy
. [
read s.i. journal article
]

governor kulongoski and oregon u.s. attorney karin immergut created a $2 million 
governor's fund for the environment
 to fund local waterways restoration and clean up efforts in oregon. [
read press release
]






next sustainability event





solwest renewable energy fair


friday jul 25 - sunday jul 27, 2008





                          
                            
                              fri - sun   9:00
                              am - 7:00 pm
                            
                          
                            

                            grant county fairgrounds, john day or
                          
                          

http://www.solwest.org



contact:
 jennifer barker - 541-575-3633

info@solwest.org



view all events



























home

|

government

|

citizens

|

business

|

environment

|

education








	this site is protected by www.letterdash.com, the demand letter platform.
	
	if you violate any of our copyrights or trademarks, you will receive an
	official letter from our attorneys via letterdash.
	

website maintenance contact:
	great agencies - marketplace for search engine optimisation 
	(888) 222-8311
support@greatagencies.com




