







consumer law firm | francis mailman soumilas, p.c.






























 










  call now: 1-877-735-8600  free case review
español                        


    practice areas  consumer class actions covid-19 related litigation credit report errors (fcra violations)  common credit report errors how to dispute credit report errors credit score and reporting errors credit repair scams   data breaches debt collection harassment (fdcpa)  sue debt collectors for fdcpa violations   deceptive practices and consumer fraud employment screening errors  truck driver rights rideshare driver rights   false terrorist watchlist hits (ofac) identity theft  what is identity theft? how can someone steal my identity? what are the consequences of identity theft? how to tell if you are a victim of identity theft how can i prevent identity theft? what should i do if my identity has been stolen?   invasion of privacy medical and prescription history report errors mistakenly marked as deceased on credit report robo-calls & unwanted texts (tcpa) tenant screening errors   why choose us attorneys  james a. francis mark d. mailman john soumilas lauren kw brennan david a. searles geoffrey h. baskerville jordan m. sartell joseph gentilcore erika heath kevin mallon siobhan mcgreal william cooper   resources  consumer laws  coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act credit card act of 2009 credit repair organizations act (croa) the electronic funds transfer act (eft act) fair credit billing act fair credit reporting act (fcra) the fair debt collection practices act (fdcpa) telephone consumer protection act (tcpa) truth in lending act   list of credit reporting agencies  nationwide credit reporting companies employment screening tenant screening check and bank screening personal property insurance reports low income and subprime reports supplemental credit reporting medical reporting agencies utilities reporting agencies retail consumer reporting gaming reporting agencies   how to order your free annual credit report sample dispute letter free case review videos attorney referrals   blog 


  practice areas  consumer class actions covid-19 related litigation credit report errors (fcra violations)  common credit report errors how to dispute credit report errors credit score and reporting errors credit repair scams   data breaches debt collection harassment (fdcpa)  sue debt collectors for fdcpa violations   deceptive practices and consumer fraud employment screening errors  truck driver rights rideshare driver rights   false terrorist watchlist hits (ofac) identity theft  what is identity theft? how can someone steal my identity? what are the consequences of identity theft? how to tell if you are a victim of identity theft how can i prevent identity theft? what should i do if my identity has been stolen?   invasion of privacy medical and prescription history report errors mistakenly marked as deceased on credit report robo-calls & unwanted texts (tcpa) tenant screening errors   why choose us attorneys  james a. francis mark d. mailman john soumilas lauren kw brennan david a. searles geoffrey h. baskerville jordan m. sartell joseph gentilcore erika heath kevin mallon siobhan mcgreal william cooper   resources  consumer laws  coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act credit card act of 2009 credit repair organizations act (croa) the electronic funds transfer act (eft act) fair credit billing act fair credit reporting act (fcra) the fair debt collection practices act (fdcpa) telephone consumer protection act (tcpa) truth in lending act   list of credit reporting agencies  nationwide credit reporting companies employment screening tenant screening check and bank screening personal property insurance reports low income and subprime reports supplemental credit reporting medical reporting agencies utilities reporting agencies retail consumer reporting gaming reporting agencies   how to order your free annual credit report sample dispute letter free case review videos attorney referrals   blog  





 
respected, relentless, results-driven, consumer rights attorneys				
 get a free case review  special announcement  jim francis and francis mailman soumilas, p.c. have been appointed interim class counsel and co-liason counsel in the comcast data-breach litigation which affects over 40 million consumers. to learn more about data breaches and how they can impact your life, read more here.  francis mailman soumilas, p.c.   protecting consumers' rights nationwide  

 8,500+ clients helped 

 350 million+ in settlements and verdicts 

 26+ years protecting consumers 
consumer protection law firm				


 learn more about our practice areas the law firm of francis mailman soumilas, p.c. is one of the nation’s premier consumer rights firms. we have obtained top verdicts and settlements in the hundreds of millions of dollars, including record-breaking jury verdicts and settlements in the area of fair credit reporting. through fee-shifting laws and class actions, we achieve these results at no out-of-pocket cost to our clients. our firm is most proud of our zealous commitment to consumer advocacy. through our tireless work ethic, in addition to recovering financial compensation for our clients, we have achieved groundbreaking practice changes in the way many financial institutions and businesses operate. the firm’s commitment to consumer justice has been regularly recognized by legal aid, consumer advocacy groups and the media. since our founding as francis & mailman p.c. in 1998, our firm’s lawyers have been recognized for their expertise in consumer law throughout the country and regarded as titans of the plaintiff’s bar. the firm’s lawyers are regularly named superlawyers and listed among top 100 attorneys. our firm represents consumers in individual lawsuits and class actions in all the main areas of consumer protection law. based in philadelphia, we also have lawyers in san francisco, new york and chicago, and we partner with other lawyers and consumer advocates to represent consumers from coast to coast. 
find out if you have a case				
 
frequently asked questions about consumer rights				



work with a team of experienced consumer protection attorneys				
when francis mailman soumilas, p.c. takes on your case you will have a team of at least one experienced attorney and one paralegal, and sometimes multiple experienced attorneys and paralegals, working on your behalf. many clients have told us that they feel a weight lifted off of their shoulders when they know that they have a respected, relentless and results-driven consumer protection law firm in their corner.
 


free case review



problem you are having(required)select onedebt collector harassmentcredit report errorsidentity theft issuesbackground report errorsemployment report errorslisted as deceasedunwanted texts or robocallscriminal record errorsold/false public recordothertell us about your issue(required)first name(required)last name(required)phone(required)email(required) state(required)select stateakalarazcacoctdcdeflgahiiaidilinkskylamamdmemimnmomsmtncndnenhnjnmnvnyohokorpaprriscsdtntxutvavtwawiwvwyrecaptchasubscribe for regular updates. subscribe for regular updates.namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.         
once you submit this form a representative from the law firm of francis mailman soumilas, p.c.  will be in touch.or call 1-877-735-8600 and get immediate help to see if you have a case. 
awards & recognition				



                                  
what our clients are saying				





john - i recently listened to your oral argument in the realpage case, and, i was blown away by your presentation. thank you for your great skill and knowledge in representing me and the class!

 kevin
i received the best service one could ever hope for. i am grateful to francis mailman soumilas for handling my case which turned out positively in my favor. i highly recommend this law firm.

 pauline o.
this firm kept me updated whenever i asked and got me a fair settlement for my issue. i was pleased with the outcome and would recommend them.

 cheri l.
joe and team are amazing!!! they handled all my legal needs in a timely manner and took exceptional care of me at a time when i was doubting the most. they will fight for you and get the job done! thanks again for everything!

 ebonee c. read more testimonials


 
latest from our consumer rights blog

     february 10, 2025 the ripple effect of inaccurate background checks: what one report could mean for millions
     february 4, 2025 recognizing the signs of identity theft after a data breach
     january 28, 2025 beware of duplicate balances: common errors in student loan credit reporting


 protecting consumer rights nationwide for over 26 years expert legal advice, private consultation, no obligation  if you do have case, there is no out-of-pocket cost to you. get a free case review now


contact info francis mailman soumilas, p.c.  1600 market street suite 2510 philadelphia, pa, 19103  toll free: 877-735-8600 local: (215)735-8600 fax: (215) 940-8000 
about the firmfree case review attorneys why choose us testimonials attorney referrals sitemap privacy policy 
practice areasconsumer class actions covid-19 related litigation credit report errors (fcra violations) data breaches debt collection harassment (fdcpa) deceptive practices and consumer fraud employment screening errors false terrorist watchlist hits (ofac) identity theft invasion of privacy medical and prescription report errors mistakenly reported as deceased on your credit report robo-calls & unwanted texts (tcpa) tenant screening errors 
resourcesconsumer rights blog consumer protection laws credit repair scams how to dispute credit report errors list of credit reporting agencies trucker’s rights & the fcra videos 



   


copyright © 2025 francis mailman soumilas, p.c. all rights reservedthis website is for informational purposes only and does not provide legal advice. please do not act or refrain from acting based on anything you read on this site. using this site or communicating with francis mailman soumilas, p.c. through this site does not form an attorney/client relationship. this site may be considered legal advertising.


chat with us, powered by livechat


























