



positive atheism (since 1995) join the struggle against anti-atheist bigotry!












 












































 . overview of our website
check our new e-mail addy!! • 


 . “think before you click!”
we’re not adding to “letters”! • 












 
 
 









positive atheism magazine (pam)


site overview




 

the philosophy of positive atheism || donations help us stay online
monthly column || about this magazine || print edition back issues
exclusive!  recovery watch  ||  atheist centre, vijayawada, india
            now available online: this is true a column by randy cassingham
letters   ||   what’s new?   ||   forums   ||   letter guidelines
 join our e-mail list  (currently dormant)    ||    write to us
            letters!!  do atheists celebrate religious holidays?  kayla
            new!  situation normalized: atheism fades to unimportance mark
the end of a tunnel of light || gay marriage is freedom from religion
the value of truthfulness || does truthfulness follow from atheism?
plus: blaise pascal, las vegas, and chinook winds by jerry billings
tell your de-conversion story;     newest de-conversion stories
big list of quotations  ||  no frames  ||  alphabetical frames index
washington; adams; jefferson; madison; lincoln; us grant; jfk;
frances wright; emma goldman; helen gardener; margaret knight
mary wollstonecraft; || sandra day o’connor; emily dickinson;
scary quotes gw bush; bin laden; joe mccarthy; pat robertson
faq section  ||  frames version  ||  (under continual evolution)
            revised! introduction to activistic atheism  ||  (frames version)
thoughts about thinking; logical fallacies; group-think
letter guidelines (what you should know when writing to us)
handbills: print pdf files and distribute this information!
            • state-by-state breakdown of americans with no religion
            • which ten commandments?  • national bible week poster
            • political figures talk of separation, religious
                       freedom, and religion (extended list of quotations)
writings:  historical  ||  books  ||  atheist centre, india
faq  ||  editorials  ||  viewpoints ||  articles ||  features
want to contribute to the discussion?  look into making your own blog.  learn how to start writing a blog and feel free to contribute directly to us as well.
news and commentary
atheism and awareness  ||  the politics of religion
coverage of the inevitable apocalypso  ||  recovery watch
us supreme court rulings on establishment, free exercise
president bush says ‘no freedom from religion’?
            check out: the meaning of freedom: words by maurice cranston
            exclusive report: president bound by first amendment gene garman
            check out our: big scary list of george w. bush quotations
classic history  ||  exclusive book-length works
thomas jefferson  ||  thomas paine  ||  joseph lewis
mark twain  ||  bertrand russell  ||  h. l. mencken
madalyn murray o’hair  ||  clarence darrow ||  voltaire
            richard robinson’s hard-to-find an atheist’s values
            william e. h. lecky’s 800-page rationalism in europe
joseph lewis’s blockbuster: the ten commandments
            mark twain’s hilarious satire: letters from the earth
            john e. remsberg’s irrefutable classic: the christ
the influential freethinkers: biographies and tributes
publisher cliff walker’s writings: monthly column, etc
            photos of cliff: childhood  ||  adult  ||  recent || x-ray 
photos of spot’s kittens (and most of the other cats, too)
positive atheism is a non-prophet organization!






  

grab our mini-banner!

        grab our mini-banner!


  
visit our new contact page
      
      contact us
 (thwart a spammer today! type it yourself!)
• positive·atheism·(at)·g·mail·(dot)·c·o·m •
 put the ‘e’ before the ‘i’ — just like it sounds!
we do not remove posted letters. don’t even ask.
we bounce email from the blueyonder.co.uk domain.
abuse and threats are not covered by any privacy rule.







and think before you click!
a note to some theists who write to us:
we insist on the right to insist on truthfulness in all discussions.
positive atheism is for atheists. here we learn of the joys and hardships of being truthful about our own religion. we study our heritage as unbelievers,
          often finding that atheism is no big deal. still, there exists a class of meddlers who seem unwilling to resist any opportunity to 																									“tell those atheists a thing or two!”
do you wish to hold us accountable for what we think, do, or say? then you’d best be certain that we actually thought it, did it, or said it before launching your salvos against us. if you lie to us
          or about us, we will call you on it, because we insist on truthfulness. so please, think about what you say first. if nothing else, consider the fact that we like to post unreasonable and
          untruthful letters for comic relief. this way, atheists who visit get a glimpse of what conversion to theism could be like for us.
if you think you have a truly original argument to present to us, we will do our best to give it a fair look. who knows? everyone might learn something!
by the way, we’ve heard the rot they feed you in those “refuting atheists” videos shown at seminars with names like 																									“headlong discipleship: hook, line, and surrender,”
          staged in venues such as the tambourine bangin’ fundamentalist revival temple.
some of that stuff we’ve seen time and time again, actually, hundreds, or even thousands of times. “apologetics” books and videos are spun with an eye toward keeping you from wandering
          astray from the fold; your leaders know better than to think any of it would affect a thinking atheist. the handful of us who do convert to theism do so as the result of an emotional fluctuation
          of some sort, not because of the cribbed arrogance sent to this forum and others like it.
so lay off the lee strobel books, the c s lewis commentaries, the philip johnson videos, and those
          insipid little comic tracts. this is not to disparage those authors (except the last one): we just want you, as a writer to our forum, to speak for yourself. send your own original thoughts:
          do not parrot the ideas of others.
by submitting letters and other material, 
          you agree to be held
          to the stipulations in our game rules, got that?





search positive atheism
















search www

            search positive atheism
             
          








i have something to say to the religionist who feels atheists never say anything positive:
     you are an intelligent human being. your life is valuable for its own sake. you are not second-class in the universe, deriving meaning and purpose from some other mind. you are not inherently
    evil—you are inherently human, possessing the positive rational potential to help make this a world of morality, peace and joy. trust yourself.
     –dan barker, from his book, losing faith in faith


 


 

 




 



 
stop the takeover of the educational and community radio bandwidths by the essentially commercial (read: “greedy”) fundamentalist and evangelical christian
          organizations!
          the evangelical christians are the only organized religious groups actively usurping what was once strictly for the people,  hijacking it unto their own profit-making needs greeds.
 




