



	home




























liberty county
office of the clerk of courts












office and site information

welcome
contact clerk
disclaimer
hours of operation and holidays
job announcements
news from clerk
links
clerks of liberty county superior court since 1777



directories

clerk's office staff
court-related government offices
judges
local attorneys
local county, municipal, and state government agencies
public defenders
superior court clerks



local court information

directions to justice center
case assignment system
clerk's office services
court calendars
court forms
court fee schedule
criminal history requests
divorcing parent's seminar
grand jury presentments
history of local court system
e-file magistrate court civil case
misdemeanor criminal bonds



court services

notary public information
us passport services
e-court services
online statewide and local public databases
board of equalization



jury info

check jury trial status
courtroom dress & conduct code
juror e-questionnaire
grand juror e-questionnaire
grand jury handbook
jury change of address form
jury service information
jury laws and procedures



other services

military discharge records
trade name registration and cancellation
self-help
miscellaneous











































 
please read the legislative changes for 2025 below:
hb 1292 changes to real estate recordings effective january 1, 2025, self filer's must electronically file
hb 1292- notary public new requirements january 1, 2025
 
announcements
the clerk of superior court’s office is pleased to to announce the new 2024 ecertification services that provide users the ability to electronically request certified court and real estate records 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
read our ecertification flyer for more information!
 
please read about our real estate theft protection program that's been posted on my office website for a few years.  i wanted to share a popup reminder about the program that my office provides free to liberty county property owners. please take a look at the flyer below.
fans flyer.pdf
 
 
 
 
 

 





linda dixon thompson
clerk of superior, state, juvenile and magistrate courts





clerks of superior court have been elected county constitutional officers since 1798, when framers of georgia's constitution created the office and provided for election of a clerk in each county of the state.
the clerk is accountable only to the people who elect her. she is not an employee or appointee of any county or state commission or any agent or agency of the judiciary. as an impartial county officer, the clerk provides some of the most important checks-and-balances needed in both local county government and the state's judicial system.
the clerk's duties include, but are not limited to, running the business arm of the local court system; accounting for all monies arising from fines, fees, court costs and fees imposed and required by law; managing county trial and grand juries, including summoning jurors for service; providing oversight and administrative support to the county board of tax equalization; and processing, protecting and permanently maintaining citizens' court, land and other important vital records.








featured



hb 288 predictable fees bill and sb 407 mandatory civil e-filing
hb 288 - predictable fees bill, effective: january 1, 2020.... read more
sb 407 - mandatory civil efiling, effective: january 1, 2019.... read more





check jury trial status
the information on this page is provided as notice to jurors of the status of trials for which they have been selected in the state court and superior court of liberty county.... read more







pay traffic fines online
visit the online traffic ticket payment page for liberty county georgia to your traffic fines online... read more





court fee schedule
view the schedule of statutory filing fees and court court costs for filing instruments and obtaining services from the clerk's office.... read more




recent news

liberty county superior court clerk's office is pleased to offer the filing activity notification system, fans, providing georgia citizens with tools to monitor activity regarding their property and records.
notice of legislative changes: hb 288 - predictable fees bill, effective: january 1, 2020
mandatory superior and state court civil e-filing, effective: january 1, 2019
notice of legislative change - mandatory plat e-filing
notice of filing fee increase for superior court civil actions
clerk of courts electronically filing superior and state court civil cases and deeds, liens, and plats
laws governing appeal of county tax assessments changed on july 1
what are duties of superior court clerks?
how you are summoned for jury service

all news









frequently visited pages

jury trial update page
court fee schedule
search civil and criminal cases
court dockets / calendars
georgia garnishments exemptions
court schedules and dockets for iphone or ipad users


e-file magistrate court civil cases
e-file uniform commercial code
pay traffic fines online
us passport services
real estate deed search
real estate transfer tax e-filing



contact info

201 south main street, suite 1200
hinesville, georgia 31313
linda.thompson@libertycountyga.gov
912.876.3625
912.369.5463



liberty county
liberty county clerk of courts  © all rights reserved













