







conflict resolution with young children- betsy evans, educational consultant








































































































kids & conflict









books & dvds


past events


about betsy


giving tree


articles and reviews

contact















betsy evans
early childhood consultantconflict resolution specialist













betsy evans, author
children’s conflicts over toys, space, and friendships create many challenges for teachers and parents. you can’t come to my birthday party! conflict resolution with young children, by betsy evans, presents an effective six-step mediation process that adults can use to support young children at these tense and emotional times. this process is now being used in public schools, early childhood centers, head start programs, and homes across the country, with toddlers, preschoolers, and elementary students.
betsy evans holds elementary and early childhood degrees, has been working in the educational field since 1974, and spent 23 years in the early childhood classroom. she is now an early childhood educational consultant and conflict resolution specialist. she is the author of you can’t come to my birthday party!, and several articles on conflict resolution and other early childhood topics, and was the co-producer and director of two conflict resolution videos.
you can’t come to my birthday party! conflict resolution with young children includes more than 50 actual stories of conflict experiences from preschools, nursery schools, head start centers, elementary schools, and homes. through these real stories and the accompanying photos of conflicts in progress, readers can “see and hear” children resolving disputes successfully, guided by adults using the six-step process. using this book as a guide, teachers and parents will have the strategies in hand to make the most of these valuable learning opportunities, whether the children in their care are toddlers, preschoolers, or school-aged children.

overheard: a pair of two year olds, experienced in problem solving, arguing. one says to the other. "tirrell, we need solve problem!"













betsy evans books & dvds



i know what’s next!soft cover, $19.95



i want all the turns! (dvd)2 dvds, $95.00



it’s mine! (dvd)40-minute dvd - $36.95



steps in resolving conflicts (poster)wallsize poster, $6.95



you can’t come to my party!soft cover, $35.00



you’re not my friend anymore!soft cover, $15.95











articles and reviews

betsy evans receives the david and phyllis weikart achievement awardaward recognizes ms. evans’ tireless efforts to improve the lives of all children and their familiesposted thu, may 16, 2019

so, what is peace?by betsy evans, author of you can’t come to my birthday party! conflict resolution with young childrenposted sun, jan 26, 2014

is this problem solved?the answer is yes, and the mediator is five years oldposted sat, jan 26, 2008

conflict resolution a long road in lebanonthe recorder, by richie davis, recorder staffposted wed, nov 14, 2007

go to articles and reviews...












© 2025 betsy evans, educational consultant
|
cover photo by kevin mcdonnell | software by montague webworks


|


powered by rocketfusion




admin login











edit image

×







close








browse all images

×






close
























