






only polly pocket



only polly pocket


only polly pocket



only polly pocket





















find any word
find all words 
find exact phrase 

  help
















				need help finding your polly? search our site!



				 






god
bless 
america









     
				
    
				
    
				
    
				
    
				
 
				



when you click on links to various 
				merchants, for example ebay, on this site and make a purchase, 
				this can result in this site earning a commission. 













		1989







		1990







		1991







		1992







		1993







		1994







		1995







		1996







		1997








		1998






		1999






2000







		2001









		2002
 







disney sets








		no 


		year


 





polly's other treasures


 




not only polly 
		pocket






  





		!!announcement!!

we have moved all 
		of our sets that are available for sale to our store,
		only polly pocket, at:
		





free online store




												if we have them available, individual dolls 
												and accessories can be purchased 
												here:




												only polly pocket dolls


												(please note that clicking on this link may result in a commission being paid to the site)
 





uncovering the 
		secrets of polly pocket
now available in print!!

the only 
		complete polly pocket guide book for collectors of vintage polly pocket sets, 
		written by the creators of the ever-popular onlypollypocket.com web 
		site, is now available in print with a myriad of new information...check it 
		out!!




complete soft-cover guide 
		usd $100 plus shipping

		doll identification only guide usd $ 25 plus shipping











 






select a polly doll or a year at the left to view polly pocket information or sets available for sale
the year coincides with the date on the bottom of the polly pocket set
meet polly's friends






 





 
this is fifi.  she has an apartment in paris and you can find her in fifi's parisian apartment (1990)

									 
meet midge!  midge runs a flower shop.  go visit her at midge's flower shop (1990)






 
here are suki and atsuko!  they live in japan and have a japanese tea house.  come and join them for a walk through their garden 
                                        and afternoon tea suki's japanese tea house (1990)




alexia is visiting polly at the beach!  come along - they are going to swim, tan and bbq  at polly's summer house (1993) 


 



                                    little lulu is traveling!  she's going camping and you are invited to join her camp days locket (1991)  












chef belinda makes the best pizza in pollyville!


									torry is having lunch with polly.  you 
									can have some, too!  it is at the 
									pollyville
									
pizzeria
kelly will serve your pizza and soda





fairy ella and pixie have gone to the fairylight ball (1993)
                                         ... you can go, too!  there is a balloon ride and a fairy wheel.  and the fairies dance when pixie conducts the fairy band.




















                        open invitation


						please visit our "collections" page 
						where all of our friends 
                        share their polly pocket collections.  many of 
                        you have wonderful displays set up and others look like 
                        ours, spilling out of the cupboards, closets and 
                        cardboard boxes!
                          
                        whatever, don't be shy...let's see it! 
                        
                        email your pictures





  
 



polly has so many friends!  she even has lots of human friends who have so much fun collecting and playing in her world just like you do...please take time to 
                visit some of the them.


 
 
 











only 
						polly pocket on
						


 


 
 
 





							 





 
 
 



                         

                         



						 
 



                          
 







  






comments, 
					questions, suggestions, corrections? your emails are 
					welcome-click here



polly pocket is owned, patented, 
					trademarked and copyrighted by bluebird toys, ltd., origin 
					products, ltd., mattel, inc. and mattel u.k. limited.  
					nothing on this site is intended to infringe on those rights 
					nor is this site affiliated in any manner with those 
					companies.
only polly pocket images 
					and text are for personal use only.  this site is 
					protected  under united states copyright laws and may 
					not be copied or  reproduced in any form without 
					express written consent of the site owner.


					please be advised that polly pocket toys contain small 
					pieces and may not be appropriate for small children.












