











genealogybuff.com - free genealogy site, obituary searches, library of files














a kickstart in your genealogy research.
find tons of data about your surname.


genealogybuff.com - a family research site

genlookups.com - obituary and death notice archives


surname facts
 - we're on facebook!


"...an excellent, very comprehensive, and user-friendly site!...i am sure that many, many people in the 
community will take advantage of this new source of information! anyone who's interested in genealogy 
(or even historical research) will find your site exemplary in all respects!"
- carole gregoire-voskamp, portage library, portage la praire, manitoba, canada


go to the obituary collections! - 
click to search large databases
state and county obituary links


from archives.com:
death records
 - cemetery records
 - obituary records
 - marriage records
 - birth records
 - divorce records






shop now for the most comprehensive dna kit on the market. 
see incredible insights into your ancestry and wellbeing all in one kit





































 






myheritage.com genealogy 
search tool:

first name: 
last name: 











surname origin and meanings

choose the first letter of your surname:

 a - 
            b - 
            c - 
            d - 
            e - 
            f - 
            g - 
            h - 
            i - 
            j - 
            k - 
            l

m - 
            n - 
            o - 
            p - 
            q - 
            r - 
            s - 
            t - 
            u - 
            v - 
            w
y - 
            z






the purpose of genealogybuff.com
is to be a free genealogy search site that will hopefully inspire new family
researchers.   by providing a means to gather a large amount
of data for a surname, one can build a family tree very quickly. 
we host free online obituary collections, free marriage record archives, etc.  
(hint: start with yourself, work backwards, using the census records. then
build using the many databases referenced from this site.)  hundreds of data sources
can be scanned using the surname tool at search central, including county marriages, county deaths, state and federal census records, birth records, immigration records,
obituaries, etc. genealogy is a noble hobby and extremely rewarding!  think of it as a never-ending jigsaw puzzle. finding that elusive piece that fits into the correct location will bring immeasurable satisfaction! genealogybuff.com will always
be a free genealogy and obituary research site for your ancestry studies. you will find links and banners to those who sponsor this project, keeping it up and running.  if you don't use commercial sites, feel free to ignore these links!
the best of success in your family research endeavors! -
    reviews











surname research tool
origin, immigration, life-expectancy, etc. for this surname:

you must use the submit button; hitting enter will not work!
data is extrapolated freely from ancestry.com




genlookups.com - 
canadianobits.com - 
weddingnoticearchive.com
honorstudentsarchive.com - 
linkpendium.com - 
ante-nicene fathers' writings search - 
book of enoch search



guest articles
professional research paper writing service for international students
online writing services for students
scamfighter.net
tennessee flight school
online high school diploma for adults





copyright © 2004-2024 all rights reserved - bill cribbs, cripplecrab creations
contact the webmaster. - privacy policy
about us



as an amazon associate, i earn from qualifying purchases.















 
 
 
 
 



