



	chimineas,fire pits and custom made safety screens - home
























store | company | contact us | order tracking | log in















fire pit safety screensfire pits - american made freeze drier accessories fire pit covers and custom made coversfire pit accessoriesgrill accessorieschimineaschiminea  accessoriesfire pit and chiminea grates hand crafted copper fire pit tablesdyi gas fire feature components made easyoutdoor gas fire pit log setsglass fire pit beadsfirewood rackspinion firewoodfire starter sticksmisc.










clay vs. cast ironwhat is fatwoodhow to light a chimineawhat is pinion woodcontact usmaintaining your chimineapolicies and privacy









pinion firewood deliveries in the dfw areas click here!  we now manufacture fire pit screens made to fit all  solo firepits including yukon, bonfire and the ranger!we also manufacture safety screens that fit the breoo firepits including the double flame 24" and 19".we will make a screen to fit any manufacture fire pit including ohio flame, desert steel flame geniethese screens are made in texas using the best materils. the screen we use is heavy duty stainless steel. check them out here
 





 
dancing fire started online selling clay chimineas in 1997. we still do chimineas but we have added a lot to our inventory. we have expanded thru the years as we also do outdoor fire pits and fire features and lots of safety features. we have our own design and manufacturing faculiteis in  weatherford tx so everything we make is made in the usa. we also do a lot of custom work. so if you have an application and need some assistance call us. jim@817.946.6463



  

this site is our online ecommerce site for shopping and placing secure orders. if your looking for more technical information visit our dancingfire.com site.


handcrafted iron fire pits
               
we design and manufacture most all of our fire pits. here are some ready to go pits but we can also customize your fire pits with names or just about anything.giving us the oppurtunity of creating some cool and custom made pits. 
custom gas fire pits

we specialize in converting just about anything you can think into a gas fire pit. from simple to complex remote operated fire features with blue tooth making them smart phone compatible. this is a 48" hancrafted copper table we converted to run on a propane tank or hard piped. so if you have a project and looking for advise call jim 817.946.6463
click here for more info

 fire pit safety screens 








we have our own brand and styles of spark safety screens for fire pits. we designed our spark screens with safety as first priority. then second was manufacturing the screen to undure years of outdoor abuse. and submitting to heavy fire abuse.  we only use stainless steel mesh and hinge pins.prices starting at $100 and sizes from 10" to 12' in four different styles. we are the direct usa made manufacture in texas.  we are often copied but our craftmanship is enqualed if you have any questions call jim @817.946.6463
fire pit safety screen info   





 fire pit fire wood grates 



 
outdoor fire pits have the potenial to burn more wood then an outdoor fireplace will. the air circulates much better in the fire pit so you could possibly go through more fire wood creating more ashes.  lots of ash.using our adjustable fire pit fire wood grate you can raise the fire off the floor for a cleaner, easier burn. there's an optional ash pan available for easy cleaning. and most fire pits are deep.  who wants to have to look down into the pit to see the fire?    our grates are multi-tasking firewood grates. 
  check it out here   so you want to cook on your fire pit but don't want the nasty mess?
 



fire pit fabric covers 





we have a sew shop with some really amazing seamstress. we use snbrella canvas fabric by default but we can use any fabric you choose. one application for the canvas fabric is building awnings. out side 24/7/365 so we feel it makes great option for fire pits.
very well made and designed. the cover has velcro cinches around the bottom. 
 we can get more infomation here




 

fire pit accessories 





the pit stickwe have what i think is the coolest firepit tool out there and we call it "the pit stick". we have some other very nice tools but the pit stick is a must have toy/tool. it's a claw type of action on a 48" stick enabling the user to pick up and rearrange the logs in the fire pit. saves wood and makes a nicer looking fire. solid steel rod with schedule 40 pipe slider. 100% stainless steel units available.made in the texas. everyone likes playing with the fire. we have more fire pit tools including the pit stick.we use all stainless steel. no wood handles. we keep the designs simple but useful and designed to last lifetimes outdoors. 
check them out here






chimineas
        dancing fire inc. was one of the first online stores selling and successfully shipping clay  chimineas. that was back when no one knew what a chiminea was.and we are still here selling chimineas! the new clay chiminea that won't crack, no curing and warrantied for 5 years. more info on chimineas
 

chiminea accessories
   
our chiminea accessories were designed to make your chiminea life just that much safer, easier and fun to use. we have lids, covers, tools, grates, stands, ideas and instructionsevery chiminea should be required to have a chiminea spark screen. it's cheap, responsible and relaxing knowing hot embers aren't flying high in the sky more info on chimineas here 
chiminea tops and spark screens now available in stainless steel













bonfire solo stove fire pit spark screen and snuffer pan

suggested retail: $175.00
price: $149.00







		on sale  on sale
solo stove stainless steel fire pit screen and snuffer pan.
we manufacture spark arrester screens custom fitted just for all the solo stove fire pits.the ranger, the bonfire, the yukon.
on sale
	  








harvest right ss pan liner

suggested retail: $20.00
price: $10.00







		stainless steel pan liners for food freeze driers
	  










ugly cheap charcoal lighting basket

suggested retail: $89.99
price: $34.99







		the ugly cheap ss baskets these make excellent food storage  baskets i use mine for several purposes. i freeze dry food and use these baskets to store prepped food in the freezer. these also make excellent charcoal lighting baskets. read the 
below
	  


















































email address:
newsletterlist






















					your cart is empty.












 








