rockhurst university | kansas city | where leaders learn


























      skip to main content
    applyrequest infoacademicscampus lifeathleticsgive


applyrequest infoacademicscampus lifeathleticsgive


welcome torockhurst university

      apply to ru
  

  

      tour campus
  

  

      explore degrees
  

  lead with courage. live with purpose.#0ranked as the seventh best university in the midwest (u.s. news and world report best colleges 2025)0%top 20% of all catholic institutions in the u.s. (niche.com)#0ranked the top nursing program in missouri. (niche.com)find your programchoose topic to quickly find specific program detailsfilter by typefilter by interest*select programplease select a concentrationno matching concentrationprospective studentsfrom high school students to graduate scholars and everyone in between, come experience all that rockhurst has to offer with our world-class academic programs.alumniwe are hawks for life. stay connected with over 29,000 rockhurst university alumni worldwide. reconnect and continue your lifelong journey with rockhurst.parentswe understand the vital role parents play in a student's journey. we're here to provide the support and resources you need to ensure your student's success throughout their experience at rockhurst.donorsour donors are at the heart of our mission. your generosity fuels scholarships, drives innovative research and empowers the life-changing learning experiences we provide to our students.elevate your successrockhurst university academics are intentionally designed to shape students into leaders who think critically and engage in the world around us. we also take student support seriously, from organizations and involvement to residence life, student health, career & counseling services, ministry opportunities and much more.

      academics
  

  

      admissions
  

  

      ncaa dii athletics
  

  

      campus life
  

  

      faith, service & justice
  

  

      clubs & organizations
  

  
          the global reach of the rockhurst network
      32countriesrepresented by alumni37statesrepresented by students28countriesrepresented by students

      discover their stories
  

  let us be the foundation of your accomplishmentsrockhurst university provides a prestigious education that nurtures personal and professional growth in a dynamic learning environment. here, you'll expand your horizons, build a strong network and gain the confidence to pursue your purpose.

      our mission
  

  

      kansas city
  

  

      about rockhurst
  

  

      student success
  

  

      accessibility and inclusivity
  

  
          rockhurst news
      feb 6, 2025former chiefs executive to be honored with rashford-lyon awardfeb 4, 2025rockhurst university embarks on new journey marked with refreshed branding and messaging jan 31, 2025university hosts celebration of martin luther king jr.

      view all articles
  

  
          upcoming university events
      17febmonrock view at rockhurst university8:30 am 




  
   

  


        
    
                                                rockhurst university
                                    
  


19febwedmidwest poets series: sarah ghazal ali6:30 pm 




  
   

  


        
    
                                                arrupe hall, rockhurst university
                                    
  


22febsatkansas city alumni medical network symposium8:30 am 




  
   

  


        
    
                                                sedgwick hall, rockhurst university
                                    
  


24febmonvisiting scholar lecture series: sheila liming, “hanging out: the radical power of killing time”7:30 pm 




  
   

  


        
    
                                                arrupe hall auditorium
                                    
  




      view events calendar
  

  
          rockhurst community highlights
      students
					ben winbinger had experience with robotics. through middle school and high school, the sophomore cybersecurity major built custom robots for competition as part of a team. it was an experience that helped him on the path to his major at rockhurst. but when it came time to look for a community work study position through rockhurst university helping mentor younger students in robotics wasn’t an opportunity he knew existed.
				faculty
					for many veterans, service to community doesn’t end with discharge or retirement. and in a recent study, two members of the rockhurst university community — an alumna and a faculty member — sought to glean lessons from how one veterans service organization approached inspiring young vets to stay connected and continue to serve after their military careers were over.
				alumni
					jacob scallorn, ’15, has a lot to be thankful for — and he’ll be the first to admit it. about 15 years ago, he was a deep in the cycle of addiction. but then something amazing happened — scallorn said he entered rehab and it changed not just his physical health, but his mental wellbeing. he began to say “yes” to doing hard things and to devoting time and effort to accomplishing goals. 
				





apply
visit
give










quick links


web portal access


calendar


faculty/staff directory


course catalogs


photos & media


jobs @ ru




on campus


campus map


library


athletics


bookstore


reserve event space


campus security




take action


request info


admission process


scholarships & aid


tutoring


commencement


hire a hawk




connect

1100 rockhurst road kansas city, mo 64110 (816) 501-4000info@rockhurst.eduprivacy notice






      report an incident
    






















© 2025 rockhurst university



            report an incident
          


accessibility
non-discrimination
standards & policies













































