























cavalier king charles spaniel club |










skip to main content











menu
 



about usnational board
regional clubscavaliers of the midwest
cavaliers of the northeast
cavaliers of the south
cavaliers of the west

committees
bylaws
legislative matters
cavalier health foundation

membershipmembership benefits
new member application (digital)
membership renewal application (digital)
membership applications (pdf)
registration 101
fee schedule
code of ethics
registration fines
forms and documents
list of affixes
dna policy

find a cavalierpuppy & adult referral
ckcsc member breeders
how to search for a cavalier & responsible breeder
breed information
cavalier rescue usa
rescue application
cavalier rescue contacts
cavalier owner stories

about cavaliershistory of the breedgeneral history
us breed history

breed standard for ckcsc
general informationfaqs
therapy dogs
grieving an old friend
other cavalier sites

health of the cavalierheart
eyes
patella
hip dysplasia
syringomyelia
health testing guidelines
breeding strategies
episodic falling
vaccinations


shows & eventsshows & events ckcsc club shows, events, health clinics & webinars
fun match rules
top 20 gala
winner's gallery

achievementsshow point standings
ckcsc top 20
junior showmanship standings
new champions
new junior warrants (jw)
new poty qualifiers
veteran warrants

conformationjudges critiques
point system
conformation class definition
junior showmanship
show rules

performanceobedience program
agility
performance class definitions
show rules
performance titles achieved
trick dog program
versatility achiever title

live event
show results

contact
 



search











 
join the original cavalier club in the united states -the cavalier king charles spaniel club.
join ckcsc




sign-up to celebrate your 2024/2025 accomplishments with an ad in our 2025/26 yearbook! 
click here




looking for the next showcase to present your cavalier?view all upcoming ckcsc club events.
calendar













search form

enter your search term here 





 












  
 want a puppy? 
 cavalier king charles spaniels are one of the best companions you can ever choose! use our site for reputable breeders list, questions to ask yourself and breeders, and answers about choosing a puppy or an adult. consider ckcsc's rescue network, puppy referrals, and more.
 
  
 learn more  

  
 about cavaliers 
 the cavalier king charles spaniel is a delightfully affectionate, playful, intelligent little dog that repays his owner’s care and attention with an endearing devotion. cavaliers are active and sporting little dogs that require regular exercise. they get along well with children, cats, and other dogs.
 
  
 learn more  

  
 join ckcsc 
 membership is open to all cavalier lovers. regional clubs throughout the us. each show averages between 100 to 200+ entries. judges from england, the uk and akc. visit our membership overview page for more information about becoming a member of the ckcsc, usa - bring your love of this wonderful breed and join us.
 
  
 learn more  

 



watch events











[site:name]



 










consider contributing to cavalier health foundation, usa
cavalier king charles spaniel, usa health foundation promotes the health and well-being of cavalier king charles spaniels through charitable, educational and scientific efforts.  specifally the foundation supports education and research related to the history, character, care, breeding, genetics and health issues of cavaliers.
research funding is possible because of tax-deductible dues and contributions.
ckcsc, usa health foundation inc. is a registered 501c3 - membership dues and contributions may be tax deductible
learn more








			upcoming events		




 cavaliers of the midwest (cmw) february specialty 
 date:  february 21, 2025 to february 23, 2025 
 hosted by:  cmw 
 location:  dallas, texas  
 event details  

 puppy of the year (poty) & cavaliers of the south (cos) march specialty 
 date:  march 13, 2025 to march 16, 2025 
 hosted by:  cos, ckcsc-usa 
 location:  greensboro, nc 
 event details  


view all events 
 



			latest news & announcements		




 the lifetime passion of king charles ii  

 living with mvd  

 pedigree analysis and how breeding decisions affect genes  

 breeding strategies for managing genetic traits  

 more need-to-knows about raw pet food diets  


more news 
 







			ckcsc photo gallery		




 cavaliers in "action"... all cavaliers are "champions" of their own home and activities... please send us pictures of your "angels on earth" as we would love to post them!  
view the photo gallery 








   

 










 



			quick links		

about cavaliers
find a cavalier
events
join ckcsc
faqs
contact us
 

 


			our partners		

 


 

 

 


			stay connected		

facebook
youtube
instagram
twitter

 

 



find a puppy




join ckcsc




ckcsc events


 




© 2025 | cavalier king charles spaniel club | 2301 e. emory road •  knoxville, tennessee 37938 | all rights reserved. | privacy policy & terms of use










back to top









