






rise of the religious right in the republican party













home


introduction


taking over the republican party 


biblical law


government


bush


faith based initiative


religious institutions


christian zionism


environment


women


religious right economics


schools


homophobia


human sexuality


states' rights


separation of church and state


the media


appeal of the religious right


satan


texas gop platform


 


download materials 


link to us


search this site 


speaker info

about us


 


visit talk to action! 


 




 the rise of the religious right 
              in the republican party









what's new?   






 download audio and video 
search theocracywatch













-if you're new to this site, here are 
                  some suggestions: 
• pace yourself. seriously. there is 
                  a great deal of information here, which can quickly become overwhelming. 
                  
• begin on this page for background 
                  information, read a few other articles, then come back for more 
                  when you've had a chance to digest what you've read.
• the links on the left of every page 
                  will take you to other background material, analysis, and articles. 
                  
• links to outside sources may expire 
                  at any time. theocracywatch has no control over expired links 
                  to outside articles.
• see the what's 
                  new page for reports on the ongoing efforts of the religious 
                  right to influence culture, politics, and more.


                "this republican party of lincoln 
                has become a party of theocracy."
                u.s. representative christopher shays, r-ct, (new york times 
              3/23/05) 
 
what is dominionism? palin, the christian 
                right, & theocracy
                by cberlet
              fri sep 05, 2008 at 06:13:19 am pdt
sarah palin is a "dominionist" with an apocalytic end 
                times theological viewpoint that sees the war in iraq as part 
                of god's plan.  more on the end times in the next post. let's 
                talk about christian right dominionism and tendencies toward authoritarian 
                theocratic governance. 
              with a number of bloggers calling sarah palin a "dominionist," 
                it is a good idea to clear up some obvious errors in the use of 
                terminology. 
              neither sarah palin nor her protestant church affiliated with 
                the assemblies of god should be described as practicing a form 
                of "dominion theology" or "christian reconstructionism." 
                 that is just plain wrong. 
              it is fair to suggest that palin displays the tendency called 
                "dominionism" in some of her public statements. 
              as one of the authors who popularized the term "dominionism" 
                (along with sara diamond, and fred clarkson), i feel some obligation 
                to clear up this confusion, which stems from some very sloppy 
                research posted on a number of websites where the terms "dominionism," 
                "dominion theology," and "christian reconstructionism" 
                are used improperly and interchangeably. 
              "christian reconstructionism" is a form of  "dominion 
                theology" that influenced a tendency toward "dominionism" 
                in the christian right and certain evangelical churches such as 
                the assemblies of god.  but, lumping of these theologies 
                together is neither accurate, nor fair. 
              how did this confusion get started?
in a september 1994 plenary speech to the christian coalition 
                national convention, rev. d. james kennedy said that "true 
                christian citizenship" involves an active engagement in society 
                to "take dominion over all things as vice-regents of god." 
                kennedy's remarks were reported in february 1995 by sociologist 
                and journalist sara diamond, who wrote that kennedy had "echoed 
                the reconstructionist line." 
              more than anyone else, it was sara diamond who popularized the 
                term "dominionism," using it to describe a growing political 
                tendency in the christian right. it is a useful term that has, 
                unfortunately, been used in a variety of ways that are neither 
                accurate nor useful. diamond was careful to discuss how the small 
                christian reconstructionist theological movement had helped introduce 
                "dominionism" as a concept into the larger and more 
                diverse social/political movements called the christian right. 
              dominionism is therefore a tendency among protestant christian 
                evangelicals and fundamentalists that encourages them to not only 
                be active political participants in civic society, but also seek 
                to dominate the political process as part of a mandate from god. 
              this highly politicized concept of dominionism is based on the 
                bible's text in genesis 1:26: 
              
"and god said, let us make man in our image, after our 
                  likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, 
                  and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over 
                  all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon 
                  the earth." (king james version). 
"then god said, 'let us make man in our image, in our 
                  likeness and let them rule over the fish of the sea and the 
                  birds of the air, over the livestock, over all the earth and 
                  over all the creatures that move along the ground.'" (new 
                  international version).


the vast majority of christians read this text and conclude that 
                god has appointed them stewards and caretakers of earth. as sara 
                diamond explains, however, some christian read the text and believe, 
                "that christians alone are biblically mandated to occupy 
                all secular institutions until christ returns." that, in 
                a nutshell, is the idea of "dominionism." 
              just because some critics of the christian right have stretched 
                the term dominionism past its breaking point does not mean we 
                should abandon the term. and while it is true that few participants 
                in the christian right culture war want a theocracy as proposed 
                by the christian reconstructionists, many of their battlefield 
                earth commanders are leading them in that direction. a number 
                of these leaders have been influenced by christian reconstructionism, 
                which is a variant of theocracy called "theonomy." 
              william martin is the author of the 1996 tome with god 
                on our side, a companion volume to the pbs series. martin 
                is a sociologist and professor of religion at rice university, 
                and he has been critical of the way some critics of the christian 
                right have tossed around the terms "dominionism" and 
                "theocracy." martin has offered some careful writing 
                on the subject. according to martin: 
              
"it is difficult to assess the influence of reconstructionist 
                  thought with any accuracy. because it is so genuinely radical, 
                  most leaders of the religious right are careful to distance 
                  themselves from it. at the same time, it clearly holds some 
                  appeal for many of them. one undoubtedly spoke for others when 
                  he confessed, 'though we hide their books under the bed, we 
                  read them just the same.' "

according to martin, "several key leaders have acknowledged 
                an intellectual debt to the theonomists. jerry falwell and d. 
                james kennedy have endorsed reconstructionist books." 
              before he died in 2001, the founder of christian reconstuctionism, 
                r. j. rushdoony, appeared several times on christian right televangelist 
                programs such as pat robertson's 700 club and the program hosted 
                by d. james kennedy, writes martin. 
              "pat robertson makes frequent use of 'dominion' language" 
                says martin, "his book, the secret kingdom, has often been 
                cited for its theonomy elements; and pluralists were made uncomfortable 
                when, during his presidential campaign, he said he 'would only 
                bring christians and jews into the government,' as well as when 
                he later wrote, 'there will never be world peace until god's house 
                and god's people are given their rightful place of leadership 
                at the top of the world.' " 
              martin also points out that "jay grimstead, who leads the 
                coalition on revival, which brings reconstructionists together 
                with more mainstream evangelicals, has said, 'i don't call myself 
                [a reconstructionist],' but 'a lot of us are coming to realize 
                that the bible is god's standard of morality . . . in all points 
                of history . . . and for all societies, christian and non-christian 
                alike. . . . it so happens that rushdoony, bahnsen, and north 
                understood that sooner.' he added, 'there are a lot of us floating 
                around in christian leadership james kennedy is one of them-who 
                don't go all the way with the theonomy thing, but who want to 
                rebuild america based on the bible.'" 
              so let's choose our language carefully, but let's recognize that 
                terms such as "dominionism" and "theocracy," 
                when used cautiously and carefully, are appropriate when describing 
                anti-democratic tendencies in the christian right. 
              "dominionism" as a term or description
the term "dominionism" is used different ways by different 
                people. when new terms are developed, that is to be expected. 
                if we are to use words and phrases to discuss ideas, however, 
                it pays to be on the same page concerning how we define those 
                terms. this is especially true in public debates. 
              in her 1989 book spiritual warfare, sociologist sara diamond 
                discussed how dominionism as an ideological tendency in the christian 
                right had been significantly influenced by christian reconstructionism. 
                over the past 20 years the leading proponents of christian reconstructionism 
                and dominion theology have included rousas john (r.j.) rushdoony, 
                gary north, greg bahnsen, david chilton, gary demar, and andrew 
                sandlin. 
              diamond explained that "the primary importance of the [christian 
                reconstructionist] ideology is its role as a catalyst for what 
                is loosely called 'dominion theology.'" according to diamond, 
                "largely through the impact of rushdoony's and north's writings, 
                the concept that christians are biblically mandated to 'occupy' 
                all secular institutions has become the central unifying ideology 
                for the christian right." (italics in the original). 
              in a series of articles and book chapters diamond expanded on 
                her thesis. she called reconstructionism "the most intellectually 
                grounded, though esoteric, brand of dominion theology," and 
                observed that "promoters of reconstructionism see their role 
                as ideological entrepreneurs committed to a long-term struggle." 
              so christian reconstructionism was the most influential form 
                of dominion theology, and it influenced both the theological concepts 
                and political activism of white protestant conservative evangelicals 
                mobilized by the christian right. 
              but very few evangelicals have even heard of dominion theology, 
                and fewer still embrace christian reconstructionism. how do we 
                explain this, especially since our critics are quick to point 
                it out?
                the answer lies in teasing apart the terminology and how it is 
                used. 
              christian reconstructionism is a form of theocratic dominion 
                theology. its leaders challenged evangelicals across a wide swath 
                of theological beliefs to engage in a more muscular and activist 
                form of political participation. the core theme of dominion theology 
                is that the bible mandates christians to take over and "occupy" 
                secular institutions. 
              a number of christian right leaders read what the christian reconstructionists 
                were writing, and they adopted the idea of taking dominion over 
                the secular institutions of the united states as the "central 
                unifying ideology" of their social movement. they decided 
                to gain political power through the republican party. 
              this does not mean most christian right leaders became christian 
                reconstructionists. it does mean they were influenced by dominion 
                theology. but they were influenced in a number of different ways, 
                and some promote the theocratic aspects more militantly than others. 
              it helps to see the terms dominionism, dominion theology, and 
                christian reconstructionism as distinct and not interchangeable. 
                while all christian reconstructionists are dominionists, not all 
                dominionists are christian reconstructionists. 
              a nested subset chart looks like this:
                ---triumphalism 
                ---------dominionism 
                ---------------------dominion theology or theocracy 
                ----------------------------------theonomy 
                ----------------------------------------------christian reconstructionism 
              the specific meanings are different in important ways, although 
                the terms have been used in a variety of conflicting ways in popular 
                articles, especially on the internet. 
              in its generic sense, dominionism is a very broad political tendency 
                within the christian right. it ranges from soft to hard versions 
                in terms of its theocratic impulse. 
              soft dominionists are christian nationalists. 
                they believe that biblically-defined immorality and sin breed 
                chaos and anarchy. they fear that america's greatness as god's 
                chosen land has been undermined by liberal secular humanists, 
                feminists, and homosexuals. purists want litmus tests for issues 
                of abortion, tolerance of gays and lesbians, and prayer in schools. 
                their vision has elements of theocracy, but they stop short of 
                calling for supplanting the constitution and bill of rights. 
              hard dominionists believe all of this, 
                but they want the united states to be a christian theocracy. for 
                them the constitution and bill of rights are merely addendums 
                to old testament biblical law. they claim that christian men with 
                specific theological beliefs are ordained by god to run society. 
                christians and others who do not accept their theological beliefs 
                would be second-class citizens. this sector includes christian 
                reconstructionists, but it has a growing number of adherents in 
                the leadership of the christian right. 
              it makes more sense to reserve the term "dominion theology" 
                to describe specific theological currents, while using the term 
                "dominionism" in a generic sense to discuss a tendency 
                toward aggressive political activism by christians who claim they 
                are mandated by god to take over society. even then, we need to 
                locate the subject of our criticisms on a scale that ranges from 
                soft to hard versions of dominionism. 
              chip berlet, senior analyst, political research associates
_________________________________________________________ 
              
theocracy 
                is derived from the two greek words qeo/j(theos) meaning "god" 
                and kra/tein (cratein) meaning "to rule." the reverend rod parsley, 
                a champion of theocracy, or what he calls a "christocracy," 
                told his congregation at the world harvest church, located just 
                outside columbus, ohio, "theocracy means god is in control, 
                and you are not." more 
                
the theocratic right seeks to establish dominion, 
                or control over society in the name of god. the late d. 
                james kennedy, former pastor of coral ridge ministries, called 
                on his followers to exercise "godly dominion ... over every 
                aspect ... of human society." at a "reclaiming america 
                for christ" conference in february, 2005, kennedy said: 

 "our job is to reclaim america for christ, whatever the 
                  cost. as the vice regents of god, we are to exercise godly dominion 
                  and influence over our neighborhoods, our schools, our government, 
                  our literature and arts, our sports arenas, our entertainment 
                  media, our news media, our scientific endeavors -- in short, 
                  over every aspect and institution of human society."

twenty-five years ago, dominionists 
                targeted the republican 
                party as the vehicle through which they could advance their 
                agenda. at the same time, a small group of republican strategists 
                targeted fundamentalist, pentecostal and charismatic churches 
                to expand the base of the republican party. this web site is not 
                about traditional republicans or conservative christians. it is 
                about the manipulation of people of a certain faith for political 
                power. it is about the rise of dominionists in the u.s. federal 
                government. 

today's hard right seeks total dominion. it's packing 
                  the courts and rigging the rules. the target is not the democrats 
                  but democracy itself. more 
                  

according to acclaimed journalist and television host bill moyers,

"true, people of faith have always tried to bring 
                  their interpretation of the bible to bear on american laws and 
                  morals ... it's the american way, encouraged and protected by 
                  the first amendment.  but what is unique today is 
                  that the radical religious right has succeeded in taking over 
                  one of america's great political parties. the country is not 
                  yet a theocracy but the republican party is, and they are driving 
                  american politics, using god as a a battering ram on almost 
                  every issue: crime and punishment, foreign policy, health care, 
                  taxation,  energy,  regulation, social services and 
                  so on."  more


              (to read the rest of the home page that was on this site before 
              the 2006 midterm elections, click 
              here.) 
              back from the brink
before the midterm elections of 2006, dominionists controlled 
                both houses of the u.s. congress, the white house and four out 
                of nine seats on the u.s. supreme court. they were one seat away 
                from holding a solid majority on the supreme court. as of january 
                1, 2007, dominionists will not control the leadership of either 
                house of congress, and the president will no longer be able to 
                so easily appoint dominionists to the federal courts. 
 five of the republican senators who were unseated on november 
                7 received whopping scores of 100% from the family research council 
                and focus on the family voter 
                scorecards. those senators are: conrad burns (r-mt), george 
                allen (r-va), rick santorum (r-pa), james talent (r-mo), and mike 
                dewine (r-oh). rick santorum was the number three ranking republican 
                in the party. santorum and allen both had presidential ambitions. 
                (frc and fof are the most politically influential of dominionist 
                organizations.) for more discussion of the elections go to talk 
                to action. 
 where do we go from here?
dominionists were very close to controlling all three branches 
                of the federal government from which they could impose their narrow 
                interpretation of scripture on the rest of society. people so 
                close to full political power are not going to go away. the american 
                people need to maintain vigilance and understand the history of 
                how dominionists came to political power. 
                and we need to embrace democracy with a passion -- for it was 
                voter apathy that allowed leaders like pat robertson to get so 
                many dominionists elected to congress in the first place. 
  
 



next 
                      page






 
                  







organizations monitoring or challenging the religious 
                  right: 
                


americans 
                    united for separation of church and state 
talk 
                    to action  


political 
                    research associates  
 
                    people for the american way 


 
                    interfaith alliance
americans 
                    for religious liberty 



 last updated: february, 2011  
            


home | 
            contact | about us






