



top shelf productions














top shelf productions

search:

search


home
catalog
news
contact
ts2.0



about us
reviews
interviews
join newsletter
videos
 



recent news see all
ben wickey talks bumper book and his upcoming more weight!
december 17, 2024 / more → one of the delights of alan moore & steve moore's monumental moon and serpent bumper book of magic is the introduction to a wider audience of the extraordinary artist ben wickey. ben has spent many years working in animation (both traditional and stop-motion) as well as illustration and comics, and his artwork brings to life one of the key features of the bumper book, "old moores' lives of the great enchanters."
what's more, ben is preparing his solo graphic novel debut, a huge 480-page opus about giles corey and the salem witch trials, entitled more weight: a salem story.
ben recently spoke with alan moore world about his experience working on the moon and serpent bumper book, his creative relationship with alan, and what awaits us in more weight — with plenty of behind-the-scenes photos and art. check it out!


the moon and serpent bumper book of magic $49.99 (us) more weight: a salem story $34.99 (us)  dazzling video trailers for dreamover and shadowplay!
december 10, 2024 / more → anticipation is heating up for our first two books of 2025. in fact, both of these books have multi-talented creators who not only wrote and drew these graphic novels, but also created gorgeous animated trailers for them! 
although the candy-colored early-teen dramedy of dani diaz's dreamover is miles apart from over-the-top older-teen gothic horror of sam fonseca's shadowplay, both are terrific at using imaginative visuals to capture the deep emotions of the growing-up process. check them out below!
dani diaz's video trailer for dreamover (coming in january):

sam fonseca's video trailer for shadowplay: midnight school (coming in february):



dreamover $19.99 (us) shadowplay (book 1): midnight school $24.99 (us)  george takei announces new graphic memoir, it rhymes with takei
october 30, 2024 / more → award-winning team reunites to depict the astounding personal journey of a gay icon
top shelf productions is proud to announce it rhymes with takei — a new full-color graphic memoir from the team behind george takei’s award-winning bestseller they called us enemy, telling the untold story of his journey from closeted actor to international gay icon. scheduled for publication in june 2025, it rhymes with takei will offer an unprecedented view into the heart of this beloved star and a celebration of the warp-speed changes he has witnessed in one lifetime.
pre-orders are already live at:
amazon | barnes & noble | books-a-million | bookshop.org | hudson booksellers | indigo | target
or speak to your local comic shop or bookstore!
george takei has shown the world many faces: actor, author, outspoken activist, helmsman of the starship enterprise, living witness to the internment of japanese americans, and king of social media. but until october 27, 2005, there was always one piece missing—one face he did not show the world. there was one very intimate fact about george that he never shared…and it rhymes with takei.

read more →
it rhymes with takei $29.99 (us) they called us enemy $19.99 (us) $9.99 (us) digital they called us enemy: expanded hardcover edition $29.99 (us) $12.99 (us) digital  pre-order new adventures with the unpetables and surfside girls!
october 16, 2024 / more → 
november and december will bring two new middle-grade gems — including the mile-a-minute wacky antics of dennis messner's the unpetables and the sunny, spooky, mystery fun of kim dwinell's surfside girls!

read more →
surfside girls (book one): the secret of danger point $14.99 (us) $9.99 (us) digital surfside girls (book two): the mystery at the old rancho $14.99 (us) $9.99 (us) digital the science of surfing: a surfside girls guide to the ocean  $9.99 (us) $5.99 (us) digital surfside girls (book 4): the clue in the reef  $19.99 (us) the unpetables (book 1) $9.99 (us) the unpetables (book 2): unpetable in the city $9.99 (us)  alan moore talks magic with publishers weekly!
october 10, 2024 / more → 
to celebrate the long-awaited launch of the moon and serpent bumper book of magic next week, the iconic alan moore granted a rare interview to rob salkowitz for publishers weekly! it's full of gems like this:
"...the bumper book is certainly intended as a means to unlock the freedoms of the mind, wherever or whenever the freedoms of the flesh and of the street are being locked down. just as with the age-old purpose of magic itself, our book is meant as an irresistible and sumptuously decorated mental cake, that has a mental file concealed inside it. this might prove useful for sawing through what william blake called 'mind-forged manacles' two hundred years ago, which are clearly still around today."
head to pw for the full interview!


the moon and serpent bumper book of magic $49.99 (us)    hot off the press!shadowplay (book 1): midnight schoolby sam fonseca
 "shadowplay is a raging fever dream that burrows down into the fears that haunt all of us. sam fonseca hits the ground running and never lets up." — patrick horvath (beneath …

 $24.99 (us)dreamoverby dani diaz
 ★ “uncommonly immersive... a breathtakingly drawn debut weaving together humor, sweetness, angst, and a bit of magic.” — kirkus reviews (starred …

 $19.99 (us)surfside girls (book 4): the clue in the reefby kim dwinell
 praise for the surfside girls series:
“fantastic... best friends samantha and jade are really likable, and their friendship and perseverance are a …

 $19.99 (us)unpetables, the (book 2): unpetable in the cityby dennis messner
 “you'll laugh! you'll gasp! you'll shriek! and then you'll laugh some more!” — suzanne lang (grumpy monkey)
“strap in for an anarchic joyride with pigmund and …

 $9.99 (us)the moon and serpent bumper book of magicby alan moore & steve moore with various artists ★ "the authors make a compelling case for the importance of mysticism and magical thinking for the development of human consciousness and civilization in this marvelously entertaining, …

 $49.99 (us)undergrowthby ricky lima and daniele aquilani after red and her friends are killed by invaders from beyond, they’re revived inside massive organic battle-mechs. time to take their planet back! it's a truly epic graphic novel about …

 $24.99 (us)space junkby julian hanshaw
 “an accumulation of fiery indignities and small moments of beauty brings the dreamlike narrative to an explosive climax and a conclusion that’s both optimistic and satisfying... this lush …

 $19.99 (us)jimmy’s elbowby james kochalka
 “notably surreal... readers primed for nothing but laffs may be in for a surprise, as the author folds quick takes on ‘silly’ vs. ‘serious’—not to mention life, death, spiritual …

 $14.99 (us)belzebubs (vol 2): no rest for the wickedby jp ahonen
 hail satan and help with your kid’s math homework! it’s the return of everyone’s favorite demon-summoning family next door, the cartoon black-metal band belzebubs!
sløth is …

 $19.99 (us)deja ross speaks to freaksby lisa naffziger
 who's brave enough to make friends with a monster? deja discovers the hidden world of america’s mythical creatures in this lovable and exciting graphic novel!
deja ross is a …

 $19.99 (us)wolfpitchby balazs lorinczi
 “an exuberant howl of a graphic novel, its swirling musical color celebrating the power of transformations, second chances, and the joyful noise of finding your people.” …

 $19.99 (us)korgi: the complete taleby christian slade
 the beloved wordless fantasy graphic novel is now collected in a single epic volume! fall in love with the wondrous world of korgi hollow, packed with thrills, laughs, and exquisitely …

 $39.99 (us)in perpetuityby maria hoey and peter hoey
 "the hoey siblings (the bend of luck) twist pulp fiction into lynchian strangeness in this savvy noir thriller set in the land of the dead. " - publishers …

 $19.99 (us)mary tyler moorehawkby dave baker
 jonny quest meets infinite jest! this mind-bending book—half graphic novel, half postmodern mystery, and 25% footnotes—is a thrilling tribute to the ways we build …

 $29.99 (us)in uteroby chris gooch
 akira meets aliens, and annihilation meets evangelion, in this coming-of-age monster tale from award-winning graphic novelist chris …

 $24.99 (us)you wish (book 1)by jeff victor
 “a whimsical new twist on the genie legend! this book is gorgeous!” —jeff smith, creator of bone
“magical, charming, gorgeous, funny and heartfelt! …

 $14.99 (us) pre-order @ your storeshred or deadby d. bradford gambles
 can skateboarding save the world?! level up from total noob to cosmic hero in this totally epic graphic novel that will kickflip your brain.
sam and her little sister gearhead …

 $19.99 (us)well, theby jon allen
 “the well has it all: the malaise of being an aimless young adult, the euphoria of new experiences, and the horror that your employers are committing crimes beyond your comprehension. this …

 $29.99 (us)low orbitby kazimir lee
 “masterful…azar’s earnest struggle to bridge emotional distances is something every reader will relate to.” — rebecca mickey mock, artist of compass south and salt …

 $24.99 (us)love languagesby james albon
 “opening with a painfully awkward multilingual friendship, this delightful graphic novel soon made me laugh out loud and even brought me to tears. a masterfully painted celebration of languages and …

 $19.99 (us)you wish (book 2): wishbornby jeff victor
 return to the magic lamp! new friends, foes, and family secrets await you as this captivating graphic novel series continues.
avery’s wish has been granted! she found her genie …

 $14.99 (us)it rhymes with takeiby george takei, harmony becker, steven scott, and justin eisinger following the award-winning bestseller they called us enemy, george takei’s new full-color graphic memoir reveals his most personal story of all—told in full for the first time …

 $29.99 (us)karmopolis (book 1): the land of carsby nick bertozzi
 welcome to a world on wheels! it’s nonstop excitement in this nutty graphic novel starring two kids in a fast-paced future.
karmopolis is a world made up of super-highways and …

 $14.99 (us)land of unfinished dreams, theby marco ferraris and marco daeron ventura
 once upon a time, there was a brave hero named…grandpa?! what’s he doing in this story?
ned is a retired literature teacher without much excitement in his life, but …

 $19.99 (us)spoops: the little spirits of halloweenby laurie a. conley and aj locascio
 discover the whimsical magic behind halloween in this timeless new illustrated fable for the whole family!
who changes the leaves? summons the autumn winds? wakes ghosts and …

 $14.99 (us)ionheartby lukas kummer
 this head-spinning, time-bending graphic novel is a nuclear fusion of fantasy and science fiction whose every page glows with an eerie light. will you survive the blast?
pursued …

 $24.99 (us)more weight: a salem storyby ben wickey
 “every word is an accusation… and every whisper kills.” this staggering graphic novel explores the infamous salem witch trials and the long shadows they cast more than 300 years …

 $34.99 (us)psychic investigators, evil exterminatorsby kt healey
 if there’s something strange in your middle school… call these kids! high energy and huge emotions combine in this thrilling and fast-paced graphic novel about searching for ghosts and …

 $14.99 (us)order of the night jay (book 2): the river risesby jonathan schnapp
 return to the wilderness with nervous bear frank and excitable raccoon ricky as they dive deeper into the long-lost (and supernatural) secrets of camp jay bird!
frank is in big …

 $14.99 (us)bridge planet nineby jared throne
 a heist gone wrong. in this gritty, intimate sci-fi graphic novel, four down-and-out thieves touch down on an abandoned colony planet for an easy heist… until the masks come …

 $19.99 (us)where there's smoke, there's dinnerby jennifer hayden
 bursting with color, flavor, and messy emotions, this unprecedented graphic memoir and “anti-cookbook” blends comics with satirical recipes to explore the intersections of food, …

 $19.99 (us)f.a.r.m. system (book 2): rageby rich koslowski
 when super powers aren’t enough… some heroes look for a boost to give them the competitive edge. award-winning graphic novelist rich koslowski continues his striking work of superhero …

 $19.99 (us)rose wolves (book 2): out of the blueby natalie warner
 kids and families who love the beauty of the woods will adore this minimalist graphic novel sequel, spinning a new enthralling fable about family, disability, transformation, and the passage …

 $14.99 (us)cosmic cadets (book 2): accused!by ben crane & andy alves there’s been a brazen theft, and all signs point to the cadets’ guilt! blast off to a colorful adventure full of mystery and intrigue!
while the crew of the ess khonsu is …

 $14.99 (us) featured booksin uteroby chris gooch
 akira meets aliens, and annihilation meets evangelion, in this coming-of-age monster tale from award-winning graphic novelist chris …

 $24.99 (us)cosmoknights (book one)by hannah templer
 read cosmoknights as a free webcomic at www.cosmoknights.space, then pick up the book …

 $19.99 (us) $9.99 (us) digitaltransitionsby élodie durand
 translated by evan mcgorray.
“tackling a potentially controversial subject with intelligence and sympathy, élodie durand creates an informative, original, and deeply …

 $19.99 (us)ballad for sophieby filipe melo and juan cavia one of the american library association's top 10 best graphic novels for adults!
nominated for four eisner awards!
nominated for two harvey awards!
nominated for five ringo awards!
nominated …

 $24.99 (us) $12.99 (us) digitalbelzebubsby jp ahonen
 “as twisted as it is sidesplitting… [belzebubs] weaves slice-of-life drama and mockumentary-style humor into a pentagram of laughs, relatable moments, and a love for black …

 $14.99 (us) $8.99 (us) digitalfunny things: a comic strip biography of charles m. schulzby luca debus and francesco matteuzzi
 nominated for the 2024 ringo award for best non-fiction comic work!
“the human being — self-doubting, proud, committed and sometimes dark — who forged one of the most …

 $39.99 (us)essex countyby jeff lemire
 this critically-acclaimed graphic novel was selected as one of canada reads’ top 5 essential canadian novels of the decade (and won the people's choice vote in a landslide)! it is also the …

 $29.95 (us) $14.99 (us) digitalfrom hell: master edition -- hardcoverby eddie campbell
 meet the most notorious serial killer of all time, jack the ripper -- and meet the vast and vibrant communities of victorian london where his foul deeds gave birth to the modern era. in this …

 $49.99 (us) $24.99 (us) digitalthey called us enemyby george takei, justin eisinger, steven scott, and harmony becker a new york times bestseller!
an ala notable children's book for older readers!
winner of the will eisner award for best …

 $19.99 (us) $9.99 (us) digitalmarch (trilogy slipcase set)by congressman john lewis, andrew aydin, and nate powell winner of the national book award
"march can help a new generation understand that the arc of the moral universe doesn't just bend toward justice; humans must struggle to bend …

 $49.99 (us) recent reviews see all
shadowplay @ biff bam pop
shadowplay @ monkeys fighting robots
dreamover @ comics beat
dreamover @ cannonball read
mary tyler moorehawk @ comics beat (2024 person of the year nominee)

recent interviews see all
dani diaz @ turn the page
ben wickey @ alan moore world
john coulthart @ alan moore world
luca debus & francesco matteuzzi @ comics journal
julian hanshaw @ comic book couples counseling

 
 










full site   go to mobile site
background by will dinski. top shelf productions® and the top shelf logo are registered trademarks of top shelf productions, inc. all rights reserved.





