



college football poll.com
















































tickets

fcs


nfl 

 nfl rankings
nfl weekly picks



rankings


weekly picks


feature picks


igaming 

nongamstopbets
best non-gamstop casino sites
nongamstop.nonstopcasino sportsbooks
non-gamstop-betting.com
fastestpayout
 minimumdeposits uk
siti scommesse non aams



odds


more 

bowl schedule
season preview
coaching changes
playoff explained
 about cfp
advertising




tickets




















			official ticket partner of collegefootballpoll.com
		

select...accamericanbig 10big 12conference usamacmountain westpac-12secsun beltindependents


college football   bowl gamescollege football championshipcotton bowl   alamo bowl   texas bowl


 






			current ranking view rankings




					1				
				
				ohio state				
				





					2				
				
				oregon				
				





					3				
				
				notre dame				
				





					4				
				
				texas				
				





					5				
				
				penn state				
				





 





how to make accurate predictions in sports
if you’ve ever wondered how to make more accurate predictions when betting on professional sporting events, you’ve come to the right place.  posted yesterday




touchdown spins: the best nfl-themed slot games of 2025
in 2025, the top nfl themed slot video games combine exceptional gameplay mechanics with team collaborations and state-of-the-art technological advancements for an authentic fan experience posted 2 days ago






brown at peace with unc exit: 'i'd had enough'


			mack brown says he is at peace after some "frustration" with his departure from north carolina and hopes the program does well under new coach bill belichick.		




explore the different types of sports played in australia 
this article takes a look at the most popular sports in australia, and some of its top stars. posted 2 days ago






 did you know...
collegefootballpoll.com founder dave congrove is a voting member in the fwaa-nff super 16 football poll, as well as the college football hall of fame, maxwell and bednarik, fred biletnikoff, lou groza, ray guy, lombardi and fcs punter of the year awards.
he's also a voter for the george munger and eddie robinson college c-o-y awards, and a nominating member for the bronko nagurski trophy, outland trophy, and fwaa all-america team. congrove is a voting member of the nfl's bert bell p-o-y award and greasy neale c-o-y award.




mlb spring training gets underway
spring training gets underway today for most of the 2025 major league baseball teams, and teams take to the field later this week for the opening games of the official training schedule. posted 2 days ago




how college football rankings shape the excitement each season
college football is more than just a game—it’s a cultural phenomenon that grips fans every fall. while the games themselves are thrilling, college football rankings play a pivotal role in shaping the excitement and drama of the season. posted 5 days ago






qb ward on teams that skip him: 'i'll remember'


			when asked what he would say to questions from teams about him not finishing his final game with miami, cam ward said, "you're either going to draft me or you're not."		




how tech is changing football betting
odds shift instantly, bets settle in seconds, and crypto is making everything faster and more secure. posted 6 days ago





the philadelphia eagles: no stranger to success
the philadelphia eagles and kansas city chiefs went head to head on 9th february in the super bowl lix - and it was a match that everyone was looking forward to. posted 8 days ago




eagles soar over chiefs in super bowl lix; barkley breaks season rushing record
the philadelphia eagles avenged their 38-35 loss to kansas city in super bowl lvii with a 40-22 win on sunday night in new orleans in super bowl lix. posted 9 days ago




 did you know...
in 2024, collegefootballpoll.com's congrove computer rankings were no. 5 ats for the season, and no.2 in the second half of the season. 
the independent prediction tracker website shows our proprietary computer-generated picks once again outperformed more than 90% of the 50+ computer rating systems measured, and were no. 1 in the second half of the season.  in 2023, the congrove rankings had the 2nd-most wins against the spread for the entire season, and were no. 1 in the second half of the year.




happy super bowl day!  eagles-chiefs kickoff two hours away
today and tomorrow should both be national holidays. super bowl sunday just feels like one. the morning after needs to be one because a ton of people will be waking up feeling like they were onboard the poseidon and won't show up for work. 
 posted 9 days ago




super bowl preview - mahomes and chiefs embark on history
it seems like yesterday that texas tech quarterback patrick mahomes was selected 10th in the first round of the 2017 nfl draft by the kansas city chiefs. only ten quarterbacks were drafted that year and one, mitch trubisky, was taken ahead of mahomes posted 10 days ago


 load more 









copyright 2025 © collegefootballpoll.com 
about cfp / contact
legal statements














						we've noticed you're using an ad-blocker.
					

						ad revenue keeps cfp online and free. we promise not to use any pop-ups or pop-unders... just normal, unintrusive banners. we hope you'll consider adding us to your ad-blocker whitelist.
					









