








ask the headhunter® - home
















































































ask the headhunter®

the insider's edge on job search & hiring™




search for:










home
sections

the q&a
news i want you to use
guest voices


resources

the basics

1. everything you know about job hunting is wrong
2. the $30,000 strategy
3. job hunting skills
4. mistakes that kill
5. the new interview ™


websites i love


products

fearless job hunting
how to work with headhunters
how can i change careers?
keep your salary under wraps
parting company
employment tests


newsletter
talk to nick
about

introduction
who is the headhunter?
contact
terms & conditions of service
privacy policy


 










fearless job hunting 









america’s employment system is broken. everything you know about job hunting and hiring is wrong. throw away your resume. ignore the job boards. overcome the daunting obstacles that stop other job hunters dead in their tracks. welcome to ask the headhunter!
"do the job to win the job."
 -nick corcodilos



guest voices 


 get inspired: how to use ask the headhunter

						by kevin kane a long-time reader ask the headhunter (ath) offers great advice about job hunting. but ath is not merely about “getting a job.”...						
read more →





 




















news i want you to use! 


 jobs for old managers?

						nick’s take peter cappelli’s survey reveals that outsiders can be the best managers at a company. more important: an uptick in contract management jobs may be a boon for retired (older!) managers who still want to work. cappelli also points out the gotchas in such jobs. but if i were...						
read more →







this week's q&a + discussion 


 pervasiveness of age discrimination

						question you have one the best websites devoted to the job search and career development. i have spent over 25 years in human resources working for fortune 100 companies. one of the many “dirty little secrets” in larger corporations is the pervasiveness of age discrimination. most people in corporations know...						
read more →

















subscribe!
ask the headhunter newsletter subscribe! it’s free!








2016 microsoft technet conference

how will the shifting economy affect your career? it’s all about positioning yourself to deliver profitable work, no matter what business or job you’re in. nick gives you the new roadmap!















the great news about your recommendations is that they work. the good news for those of us who use them is that few people are really willing to implement what you recommend, giving those of us who do an edge. – ray stoddard

be a fearless job hunter






start with the basics
when companies need to fill important positions, they don’t rely on personnel jockeys, job postings or resumes. they bring in a hired gun! when you start searching for a new job, don’t do it like a novice. learn to do it like a headhunter!








ask the headhunter short course
need help with your job search? here are 4 quick steps to find the right job, get the interview, get an offer, and profit from headhunters. get the insider’s edge on job search and hiring!
ath in a nutshell!








we love it!
“thank you, nick. not everyone can understand the idea of doing the job, but the ones that do are great. those are the people i want to work for. your book helped me to sell myself that way.”
 john r. grace
 more readers’ comments…








fearless job hunting
overcome the daunting obstacles that stop other job hunters dead in their tracks. get the very best myth-busting answers from the ask the headhunter newsletter. total control over your job search!
 get the books!
















the hiring manager more or less offered me the position on the spot and indicated a salary range that is roughly 40-50% more than i make now. your two biggest lessons (at least for me) at work in the flesh: (1) never divulge my current salary, and (2) talk about what i will do, not what i’ve done. – rich mok, cornell executive mba program













get the edge with these ask the headhunter answer kits!
order now!




fearless
job hunting
$4.95 – $49.95

buy now





how to work with headhunters
$39.95

buy now





how can i change careers?
$16.95

buy now








keep your salary
under wraps
 
$12.95

buy now





parting company
how to leave your job
 
$26.95

buy now





employment tests
get the edge!
 
$18.95

buy now















i was in an interview process that had bogged down over the wrong things. your advice to project i’m here to do the work was perfect. i left the manager in shock and had an offer within 12 hours for 10% more than i had expected. – bruce jones



















copyright © 2024 nick corcodilos. all rights reserved worldwide in all media.  ask the headhunter®.






back to top








 











