





agnes scott college | agnes scott college




















cookie notice


this website uses cookies.  find out more in our privacy policy.


got it!



close






 agnes scott college   


 search               


agnes scott stories
events
news






request info
visit
apply
give




undergraduate
graduate & post-baccalaureate
physician assistant studies




undergraduate
graduate & post-baccalaureate




undergraduate
agnes accelerated 4+1
post-baccalaureate
graduate




 menu               



    



 search agnesscott.edu   submit   

top searches

majors & minors
graduate programs
tuition
scholarships
summit
faculty directory
alumnae










about
summit
academics
admission & aid
campus life
athletics
graduate & post-bacc  studies



info for

current students
faculty & staff
alumnae
donors
partners
parents & families












if you think college should be transformative, this is it.
thrive in a diverse community of open, available and intelligent individuals ready to teach, mentor and support you on your undergraduate, graduate or post-baccalaureate journey to engage the intellectual and social challenges of our times.




a top first-year experience
don't take our word for it. u.s. news ranked us no. 3 in the nation. 












    learn with purpose
    








become a leader with a global perspective
here, our summit experience encourages our students to dream big, to blaze trails and to create the change they wish to see in the world.



academics
leadership
global engagement
professional success 





#1
most innovative liberal arts college in the country,  u.s. news & world report, 2025



academics
at agnes scott, intellectual curiosity is the norm. our faculty inspires fearlessness. our groundbreaking summit curriculum reinvents a liberal arts education, and our graduate programs are designed for forward-thinkers.





day 1
our leadership curriculum begins in your first semester.



leadership
at agnes scott, our students are bold visionaries ready to make a difference and inspire others to tackle the world’s biggest challenges. here, you will cultivate the confidence and leadership skills to turn your passion into action—and create a lasting impact.





10
destinations in and outside of the u.s. are visited by first-year students during their global journeys immersion experiences. 



global engagement
be more than a tourist—be a global changemaker. at agnes scott, we believe in the power of learning from other cultures. through our signature global journeys program, you will explore the world, immerse yourself in diverse perspectives and gain the skills to lead with purpose on a global stage.





81%
of undergrads complete mentored research or an internship prior to graduation.



professional success 
hands-on learning and innovative experiences prepare you for professional success in the real world.
















dream, dare, defy
it's not hard to spot agnes scott graduates; they'll be the ones leading the charge, running the room and inspiring their collaborators.
agnes scott stories



previous





next
















refining global citizenship


refining global citizenship
shriya bhattacharya b.a. '18 international relations











action, speaks


action, speaks
amira daugherty  '19singer and artist political science











building a scientist 


building a scientist 
alex  lombardo '21 biochemistry and molecular biology













propelling herself to a higher level


propelling herself to a higher level
maame owusu ms '21security governance, risk and compliance analyst data analysis and communication











taking science and data analysis to the next level, together


taking science and data analysis to the next level, together
kara and sophia ebbutt biochemistry and molecular biology data analysis and communication











building a diverse workforce in the green economy


building a diverse workforce in the green economy
adrienne rice ma '22 social innovation













a dream of becoming a physician assistant


a dream of becoming a physician assistant
maggie walker pb '23 post-baccalaureate pre-allied health





load more














experience the most innovative liberal arts curriculum in the country
we've crafted our signature summit experience to prepare every student to be a well-rounded, professionally savvy, global leader. 
tailor your experience















join a distinctive and bold community of forward-thinkers
our coeducational master’s, graduate certificate, accelerated 4+1 and post-baccalaureate programs are designed for your success.
explore our graduate & post-bacc programs














find your perfect place
join us to learn more about our innovative experiences with virtual visits and events made to fit your needs.


schedule your virtual visit 




undergraduate
graduate & post-baccalaureate





/







just minutes from downtown atlanta and with a marta station nearby, agnes scott is located in the charming town of decatur, ga. here, you'll find a variety of opportunities to serve, intern and explore. what's more, the area is truly a “college town,” home to more than 20 other colleges and universities.







each year seniors, graduate students and alumnae are invited to ring the bell and sign their names in the bell tower when they receive acceptance into graduate/professional school or a job offer. 







the 2019 princeton review's guide to green colleges has named agnes scott college #13 on the list of the nation's most environmentally responsible colleges. designated a tree campus usa for the past 8 years, agnes scott sits on 100 acres shaded with some of the state’s oldest trees. the college's memorable gothic and victorian-themed architecture has received national recognition for design, and agnes scott is consistently recognized as one of the most beautiful campuses in the country.







with over 60 student organizations to choose from and athletics teams in basketball, soccer, softball, tennis, volleyball and cross country, you'll have plenty of chances to find your own niche on campus.







whether it’s walking to class, hanging out in a hammock, playing badminton on a warm day, or rushing to cover it in your class colors during black cat, the quad quickly becomes an integral part of the scottie experience. 




































students return to main hall
thank you to the support of more than 650 individual and foundation donors, the renovation of agnes scott “main” hall is complete!  donors to the campaign for main made gifts and commitments totaling more than $33.8 million to fund the historic renovation and modernization of the first building on campus. 
see the renovation




       back to top 



 agnes scott college      
141 e. college ave.  decatur, georgia 30030
maps & directions
contact us



site index
directory
careers at agnes scott
event rentals
consumer information



news
bradley observatory
bookstores
the dalton gallery
mccain library





support agnes scott
your support of the college is more valuable than ever as we address the known needs of today and anticipate what may come tomorrow.
make a gift
partner with us




 instagram        twitter        facebook        youtube        linkedin      

© 2023 agnes scott college. all rights reserved.  privacy title ix accreditation nondiscrimination policy 














  

