


vacation home rental in south side lake tahoe | tahoe keys rental home







































			 

			












due to the passing of measure t in the city of south lake tahoe, i will no longer be renting my house as a short term rental which is 30 days rental or less.

4 bedroom, 4 bath, 2600 sq. ft.  home, with private boat dock and access to lake, wood burning stove, modern decor and much more
wireless high speed internet!!!
big screen lcd tv!!
one of the most affordable rentals in tahoe keys
1743 venice drive, tahoe keys, south lake tahoe, california


vacation  in south lake tahoe
find luxury and comfort in our tahoe keys vacation home located in south lake tahoe, california. with a convenient location minutes away from local attractions, relax and stay entertained while on your getaway. our tahoe keys home features accommodations for up to eight guests with four bedrooms and four baths. with so much space, this vacation home is perfect for duel family vacations or couples retreats.
our fully furnished 2600 sq. ft. home is full of modern and luxurious accommodations including a fully equipped kitchen, wood burning stove, balcony and private boat dock. for entertainment, we provide two cable televisions, two dvd players and a cd stereo. this is in addition to the comforts of a dishwasher, microwave, washer/dryer and outdoor bbq.
the tahoe keys community amenities provide guests with an indoor and outdoor pool, seven tennis courts, a health club and private beach. this makes this area the perfect getaway spot for guests of all ages.
to inquire about the availability of our tahoe keys home, please send us an  today!
tahoe keys home is fully furnished
the home is fully furnished with two cable tvs, two dvd players, cd stereo,  entertainment system, dishwasher, microwave , washer/dryer , outdoor bbq, balcony and lawn furniture.  
e-mail us today for rental availability. click here to check to see which dates are available.





spring/fall


winter

summer

holiday




daily


$350


$400

$450

$400-$550






click for full information on rates and cancellation policies.

						this home is particularly well laid out and spacious for a carefree vacation and sleeps 8 comfortably.  


an upstairs master bedroom with king, with full  bathroom and incredible views of mt. tallac.


a downstairs master bedroom with king size bed and private bathroom.


a downstairs bedroom with twin beds. (adjacent to a bathroom)


another downstairs bedroom with twin beds. (adjacent to a bathroom)


a downstairs family room with full sleeper,  and tv/vcr.


the great room with the wall of windows, big screen tv/dvd/vcr, directtv, wood burning stove, raised ceilings.


an upstairs powder room bath adjacent to the great room.


there is a desk adjacent to the kitchen area with a phone and is perfect for fax machines or computers.


laundry room with full size washer and dryer.


all linens and bedding are included. (linens for the full sleeper is not included)


secure wireless internet is available throughout the house.



view from the great room.
the backyard  has its own private boat dock on the lagoon (with lake access). there is a large lawn area between the house and the dock. the home has a two-car garage with additional parking for two more vehicles on the driveway . this is ideal during the winter when parking is not allowed on the street during snow removal. 
sorry, smoking or pets are not allowed.
 tahoe keys amenities
the home is situated a short drive (around the lagoon) to all of the tahoe keys amenities which are available exclusively to tahoe keys residents and vacation guests for a $5 fee per day per person:

private beach, park and fenced children's playground adjacent to beach
outdoor swimming pool (summer months only) and hot tub
indoor heated pool (open year round)
seven tennis courts
sand volley ball court
putting green
basketball court
boat launching ramps and docks

this is an affordable quality home for a large group or family, close to heavenly valley skiing, hiking, mountain biking, and many other tahoe attractions.
e-mail us today for lease and rental availability. click for full information on rates.  



tahoe keys info 
this property is located at the southern tip of lake tahoe in tahoe keys - lake tahoe's largest marina. tahoe keys is a 740-acre private resort community laced with miles of inland waterways.
each waterfront home is located on one of numerous lagoons, canals or marinas, providing direct access to lake tahoe. at tahoe keys you can enjoy breathtaking views of the lake and mountains, and enjoy amenities like tennis, indoor and outdoor pools, spa, health club and more.
tahoe keys is close to the ski slopes and winter sports, water sports and out-of-doors activities, plus a quick fifteen minute drive to year-round nightlife in town and at nearby casinos. tahoe keys is 60 miles south of reno, nevada; 195 miles east of san francisco; 100 miles northeast of sacramento and only minutes from supermarkets, convenience stores and restaurants.


south lake tahoe all year recreation
other attractions in the area include emerald bay, the pacific rim trail (excellent for family day hikes); miles of bike paths; skiing at  heavenly, kirkwood, alpine meadows, sierra @ tahoe, sugerbowl, northstar @ tahoe, and squaw ski resorts. stateline casinos include harrahs, caesars tahoe and harvey's. the state of nevada including reno and its attractions are a close drive away.
e-mail us today for lease and rental availability. click for full information on rates.  


tahoe info
						to plan your trip to south lake tahoe, here are some great links:
						
ski resorts
ski report
ski rental shops
summer & winter activities
airlines
airport transportation
maps
casinos
boat rentals

here are some other links for south lake tahoe:

virtual tahoe
lake tahoe visitors authority
lake tahoe info
tahoe country
lake tahoe year round recreation
tahoe summers
lake tahoe cross-country skiing
lake tahoe weather

lake tahoe vacation guide - has information regarding activities. best prices, discounts.

						if you want even more information...ask us!! our family has been visiting lake tahoe for nearly 30 years!






tahoe keys vacation home - for rent by owner

this beautiful lakeside  south lake tahoe keys home  is just minutes from ski resorts and year round recreation.
(click on photo for larger view) 


the view from the great room and balcony during the winter. spectacular views!!
(click on photo for larger view)


rear view of home and dock
(click on photo for larger view) 


view from balcony
(click on photo for larger view) 

more photos



 tahoe keys 
aerial view of tahoe keys with all of its waterways.

 
 
						










