





veggies cooperative, promoting vegan catering about veggies 







































































 





skip to the content







veggies












toggle mobile menu





toggle search field





search for:



 

about
catering
events
shop
campaigns
contact
donate


about
catering
events
shop
campaigns
contact
donate










 

veggies volunteers at glastonbury festival




who we are
among the uk’s oldest 100% vegan caterers and only campaign caterers, veggies is a volunteer-led, community-based, social enterprise!
we are almost solely reliable on volunteer help, so we are always happy to receive welcome support from new people who would like to get involved. 
join us!
 
veggies has been promoting vegan catering since 1984, introducing thousands of people across the country to delicious, ethical food!
we also proudly cater for activist campaigns against human and non-human animal oppression,  offering hot drinks and foods free to activists on the front lines of protests, rallies, marches and more!
as well as catering for campaigns, veggies provide catering for a variety of events, from community festivals to family celebrations and green gatherings. 
to find out where we are in 2025, check our diary.
a directory of other caterers who might be able to help at events that we are unable to attend, is compiled by veggies.
follow us:  
mastodon  

 facebook 
 instagram 

 
ethical choice
we are thrilled to announce that our burger & sosage mixes were rated one of the uk’s top three ‘best buys’ for 2025.
we offer tasty, wholesome snacks, favouring fairly traded, organically grown and/or locally sourced ingredients. we share information exploring the links between diet, animal suffering and the environment. 
we have a policy of minimal packaging and promote the use of recycled goods. we investigate everything that we use in order to avoid animal products, those tested on animals and those resulting from human oppression. 
we receive valuable guidance from the ethical consumer magazine. 
read more about our ethical policies.
many suppliers are other independent local businesses, including lembas wholefoods. the ecological and vegan cleaning supplies that we use can be purchased directly from us on a retail, bulk or refill basis.
 

 
community
veggies is a workers’ co-operative, with five workers sharing one living-waged job. we aim to live simply so that others might simply live. we are associate members of radical routes, the network of grassroots co-operatives working for social change. 
we are also members of the vegan traders union  and vegan founded. 
veggies are based at nottingham’s sumac centre, the campaign resource centre part-funded by veggies where we also run an online shop and host a community food hub, for cut-price ethical supplies
we have an incredible archive of over 40 years of books and  journals, covering green, human rights, animal issues, peace, co-operation and social justice! these are available from the sumac library and veggies bookstall.
many more projects supported by veggies are shown in the campaigns section of this website.
 
for 40 years veggies has supported hundreds of campaigns at thousands of events, but we can only do it with your support. if like what we do, we welcome donations towards our online and networking expenses.

this website is constantly in flux and will be finding places for the following pages:

history of veggies
how to help
sitemap
gallery
ethical & green
award winning caterer
please donate to support our work
memorandum & articles of association (company rules)

print friendly




		
			0 comments			
		





					
						1 pingback					
					


nottingham, here i come! | fat gay vegan







leave a replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment * name * 
email * 
website 
 

δ 








search

search for:



breadcrumb
veggies





 veggies slideshow








































































































donate we need to raise £300 each week to keep campaigning!
for 40 years veggies has supported hundreds of campaigns at thousands of events, but we can only do it with your support
please click here to donate










				© 2025 veggies


theme by anders noren — up ↑





 
















