











































colorectal cancer alliance | prevention, support & research for colorectal cancer






skip to main content  end colon cancer coast to coast
take action today—start a fundraiser and be part of a nationwide effort to save lives.join usclose alerthelpline (877) 422 2030screening quizmy bluehqabout us language
     the basicsthe basics: what is colorectal cancer?colorectal cancer symptomsfacts and statisticsstages of colorectal cancerhealth equityglossarywhat to knowknowing your biomarker status informs the most effective treatment planscreening & preventionscreening & prevention: why, when, how?get screened at 45how to talk to your doctor about screeningcolonoscopy prep tipsscreening methodspreventionget screenedtake our free screening quiz for personalized recommendationstreatmenttreatment: what are your options?for youpatientssurvivorscaregiversnewly diagnosedtypes of treatmentsurgerychemo, radiation, and other therapiesclinical trialswhy biomarkers mattercolostomy and ileostomyside effectsresources for you10 questions to ask your doctor when newly diagnosedresources & supportresources & supportresourcesbluehq patient support hublive navigator helplinefinancial assistanceliving well with colorectal cancerpalliative carehospiceresource librarycommunity supportonline communitiesbuddy programyoung-onset supportstories of hopecommunity chatyour patient portalpersonalized resources are ready for you on bluehqresearchresearch: investments and influence to cure crcneed for research innovationplan to cure crcapply for a research grantresearch funded by project cure crcproject cure crclearn about our effort to fund expedited and novel cancer researchget involvedget involved: help us end colorectal cancereventswalk to end colon cancerattend a blue hope bashcreate your own eventview all eventsgivedonate nowplanned givinghonor a loved onestart your own fundraisershop the alliance storeother ways to giveadvocatevolunteerbecome an advocatecolorectal cancer awareness monthpartner with ussearchclosethe basicsthe basics: what is colorectal cancer?colorectal cancer symptomsfacts and statisticsstages of colorectal cancerhealth equityglossarywhat to knowknowing your biomarker status informs the most effective treatment planscreening & preventionscreening & prevention: why, when, how?get screened at 45how to talk to your doctor about screeningcolonoscopy prep tipsscreening methodspreventionget screenedtake our free screening quiz for personalized recommendationstreatmenttreatment: what are your options?for youpatientssurvivorscaregiversnewly diagnosedtypes of treatmentsurgerychemo, radiation, and other therapiesclinical trialswhy biomarkers mattercolostomy and ileostomyside effectsresources for you10 questions to ask your doctor when newly diagnosedresources & supportresources & supportresourcesbluehq patient support hublive navigator helplinefinancial assistanceliving well with colorectal cancerpalliative carehospiceresource librarycommunity supportonline communitiesbuddy programyoung-onset supportstories of hopecommunity chatyour patient portalpersonalized resources are ready for you on bluehqresearchresearch: investments and influence to cure crcneed for research innovationplan to cure crcapply for a research grantresearch funded by project cure crcproject cure crclearn about our effort to fund expedited and novel cancer researchget involvedget involved: help us end colorectal cancereventswalk to end colon cancerattend a blue hope bashcreate your own eventview all eventsgivedonate nowplanned givinghonor a loved onestart your own fundraisershop the alliance storeother ways to giveadvocatevolunteerbecome an advocatecolorectal cancer awareness monthpartner with usyou don't have to do this alone. call our toll-free helpline: (877) 422-2030quick linksabout usmission and goalsfinancial informationour teamboard of directorscareerssponsorshipnewsfor mediacontact usalliance siteslead from behindbluehq patient support huballiance shopwe are the largest nonprofit dedicated to colorectal cancerpatients, families, friends, and caregivers united as alliesvoices of hope, shoulders to lean on, arms open widebreaking new ground, busting old stigmaswe're here for you, and for each otherpause  we will end colorectal cancer, together
  the colorectal cancer alliance is fiercely determined to end colon and rectal cancers within our lifetime. together with a nation of passionate allies, we advocate for prevention, magnify support, and accelerate research to stop this disease.
play  your colorectal cancer ally
find resources for patients, survivors, caregivers, and family members.  colorectal cancer basics
colorectal cancer is a cancer that starts in the colon or rectum, which are parts of the digestive system. unlike most cancers, colorectal cancer is often preventable with screening and highly treatable when detected early.what is colorectal cancer?  screening and prevention
the best way to prevent colorectal cancer is getting screened on time. screenings can also find cancer early when treatment is most effective. most people should begin colorectal cancer screenings at age 45, but people with certain risk factors may need to start screening earlier.take the free screening quiz  treating colorectal cancer
colorectal cancer is highly treatable if caught early. there are many types of treatments for colorectal cancer, including surgery, chemo, radiation, and other therapies. your treatment typically depends on the location of the cancer and the stage of diagnosis.newly diagnosed? start here  get help and support
a colorectal cancer diagnosis can be a challenging time. it helps to know that resources, support, and information are always available. a nation of allies is standing by ready to help you navigate your path to survivorship.sign up for bluehq  updates
project cure crc ignites innovation in 2025 with $10.5 million for research, k-spy debut, and renewed rfp  project cure crc by the colorectal cancer alliance is driving innovation in colorectal cancer research with $10.5 million in funding, the launch of the k-spy clinical trial, and a renewed call for groundbreaking proposals. learn how these efforts are accelerating treatment advancements and improving patient outcomes.

                      last updated feb 12, 2025unmet needs in crc: survey results offer hope  uncover key survey findings on the unmet psychosocial and physical needs of colorectal cancer patients and survivors, and learn how the alliance is shaping better care.

                      last updated jan 27, 2025five moments that mattered in 2024  this year was the alliance’s 25th year of impact, and we’re looking back on some of the milestones that made 2024 a year to remember.

                      last updated dec 6, 2024  i was diagnosed with stage-i colon cancer. due to my cancer’s localized nature, it was relatively simple to treat. had i ignored my doctor’s plea and waited to get screened, i could have been facing full-blown metastatic disease in just a few years, which is much harder to overcome.
  la donya reed
  survivor
  how will you help end colorectal cancer?
  with your support, we can end colorectal cancer in our lifetime. there are so many ways to take action!
get involved   attend an event
  we host events across the u.s. dedicated to raising awareness and funds to combat colorectal cancer. when you participate in one of our events, you'll help make a meaningful difference in the mission against this devastating disease.
  launch a fundraising campaign
  from golf tournaments to your next marathon, we can help you turn your passion or hobby into a do-it-yourself fundraiser to help end colorectal cancer in our lifetime. create your fundraiser with our toolkits and online platform.
  become an advocate
  the movement to end colorectal cancer begins with you. we can help you raise your voice. our allies in action grassroots advocacy program provides the tools and opportunities to make change in your own community, state, and beyond.
  donate to end colorectal cancer in our lifetime
every dollar you give increases access to screening, provides invaluable patient and family assistance, and helps to fund critical research.donate nowyou don't have to do this alone. call our toll-free helpline: (877) 422-2030facebookinstagramlinkedintwitter-xtiktokyoutube
                sign up for life-saving updates and alerts
              first namelast namezip codeemailmobile number (optional)sign up for text updates. by participating, you agree to the terms & privacy policy for autodialed recurring donation messages from colorectal cancer alliance to the phone number you provide. no consent required to buy. text stop to end. msg&data rates may apply.quick linksabout usmission and goalsfinancial informationour teamboard of directorscareerssponsorshipnewsfor mediacontact usget involveddonatecolorectal cancer awareness monthall eventsjoin us to receive updatesalliance siteslead from behindbluehq patient support huballiance shop1025 vermont ave nw, suite 1066. washington, dc 20005© 2025 colorectal cancer alliance. 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. tax id number: 86-0947831disclaimerprivacy policynon-discrimination statement

