





oregon post adoption resource center








































oregon post adoption resource center


orparc



toggle navigation







training 


library


support



more






resources


give 


about us


connect


recursos en español






















we're glad you're here.


the journey doesn't end with adoption; it has just begun. navigating the path ahead calls for compassionate, trauma-aware, foster adoption-competent support.









whether you need meaningful consultation or just a quick resource, a little orparc support goes a long way.we honor the remarkable resilience of oregon’s resource (foster), kinship, adoptive and guardianship children, youth & families, plus adult adoptees, and the professionals who walk alongside them all. we serve adoptive families of any kind parenting oregon children!
our free, confidential services serve the whole state.monday – friday / 9am to 5pm
(800) 764-8367 / (503) 241-0799
orparc@nwresource.org

stay in-the-know! sign up for our newsletter.
recursos en español 
looking to foster or adopt? learn more!







reach out when you're ready!





our easy-to-use library


take advantage of our comprehensive adoption, foster care, kinship and specialized needs collection!

visit orparc's library





supporting you!


offering compassion and care to oregon’s adoptive, guardianship, kinship & resource (foster) families and adoptees is our wheelhouse.

find the support you need 






training makes a world of difference


browse our statewide listings to find quality trainings or other special opportunities to help you grow and thrive in your care for kids or for yourself.





let's go learn!








our favorite resourcesno need to wait for a rainy day. we did the research so you don't have to!

choose your topic


















connect


about us


give









recursos en español


newsletter signup


staff login






© orparc
2025
|
privacy policy
|
terms of use

oregon post adoption resource center is a program ofnorthwest resource associates, a 501c(3) nonprofit agency which is committed to enhancing the health and safety of children, families, and communities.





