



  













al j. mueller construction company, st joseph, missouri











































skip to main content




al j mueller








home
who we are
our work
build better together
why design-build
contact us
 
contact us









we build better.






commercial
retail
dealerships

building a better environment to grow your business.



 





warehousing
cold storage

building a better future for distribution and logistics.



 





industrial
manufacturing

building a better place to design, develop, and produce your product.



 





renovations
additions

building a better atmosphere in your existing facilities for your employees and customers.



 















design-build contractor who builds for you
we are a design-build general contractor that builds with intention from complex commercial projects to straight forward warehousing solutions. since 1974 our firm has provided unparalleled construction services to the iconic organizations of northwest missouri and eastern kansas, and we are just getting started.



learn more








we expertly deliver construction services in various methods to fit your needs.




              design/build
              



as a specialized design build contractor, we provide the highest level of collaboration throughout the entire building process. by getting your team on the same page early, we help clients realize more cost savings, as well as a faster, more efficient delivery of your project.





              plan + spec
              



a more traditional form of the construction process, we can work with your previously created plan and spec documents to build the vision you and your design team have. our meticulous detail, creative problem-solving and focus on cost will help your plan and spec project come to life.





              construction management
              



we wouldn’t have a rich history of success with our
clients if we weren’t experts at delivering construction management services. providing a professional-level service of effective management of project schedule, cost, quality, safety, scope and function is what you can expect when working with us as your construction manager.





              maintenance and service
              



the construction process is only the start of the life of a building. appropriately maintaining your property leads to the long-term success of the building, both for our clients and the community. who better to help maintain the life and purpose of your building than your construction experts?





              tilt-up
              



tilt-up involves lifting or tilting prefabricated panels with a crane to form the walls of buildings. panels can be produced in many shapes and sizes, including flat and curved sections. placement is fast and easy because it is done on the ground, and efficiencies can be gained by having the materials fabricated off-site for just-in-time delivery and installation. safety and weather concerns are also more controllable with tilt-up construction.











thousands of completed projects


50 years in business


thousands of satisfied clients








we build better together.
we are honored and humbled to build better for our clients and communities. 

















































































al j mueller
who we are
work we’ve done
contact us






address:1305 s. 59th street 
st. joseph, mo 64507

p.o. box 8066
st. joseph, missouri 64508
                                phone:

816.233.6055
800.735.9318 [toll-free]




 







              © copyright al j mueller 2025            






