
 destination salem | official travel & tourism website of salem, ma    
×

searchstudents & group toursmediahaunted happeningsfree guidefree appvisitor centers






about salembloghistorynotable locals10 free things to do in salem, masalem faqeducation & communitynative history & indigenous acknowledgementeventscalendarfestivalsweekend at a glancethings to doall listingsmuseums & attractionstourspsychics & spiritual growthoutdoorssalem heritage trailharbor toursweddings & special eventsfood & drinkall listingssweets & treatsquick eatsrestaurantsbreweriesshoppingall listingsgiftsapparelwitch shops & occultchocolate & candyplaces to stayall listingshotelsmotelinns and b&bscampingregional accommodationstravel infofree guidetransportationdirectionsparkingmap of salemweddings & special eventsinformation centersrestroomswhich witchsalem witch trials of 1692modern witch & occulthocus pocusthe journey from 1692 to salem’s modern witch community




about salem backbloghistorynotable locals10 free things to do in salem, mathe destination salem radio showfaqeducation & communitynative history & indigenous acknowledgementevents backcalendarfestivalsweekend at a glancethings to do backall listingsmuseums & attractionstourspsychics & spiritual growthoutdoorssalem heritage trailfood & drink backall listingssweets & treatsquick eatsrestaurantsbreweriesshopping backall listingsgiftsapparelwitch shops & occultchocolate & candyplaces to stay backall listingshotelsmotelinns and b&bscampingregional accommodationstravel info backfree guidetransportationdirectionsparkingmap of salemweddingsinformation centersrestroomswhich witch backsalem witch trials of 1692modern witch & occulthocus pocusthe journey from 1692 to salem’s modern witch communitymediahaunted happeningsfree guidefree app

bookmarkslistingsevents
salem, massachusettsart. meet. shop. eat.
all within steps






















still making historythat’s our tagline, but it’s so much more. our endless history is part of what makes salem come to life, as our fascinating past determines where we’ll go next. our shops, festivities, museums, tours, and even restaurants are all influenced in some small way by the events and changes the city has gone through over the centuries. salem isn’t just a place. it’s witches, and ocean ships, making waves through literature, settlers, pirates and trading.want to learn more? download our free guide and begin exploring our exciting city. 
explore salem come visit us



 things to do

















 
        food & drink








        shopping








places to stay





 bewitched historical tours






 salem trolley






 artists' row






 salem heritage trail






 schooner fame of salem






 salem harbor






 witch pix






 broad street cemetery






 popped!






 far from the tree






 lulu's bakery & pantry






 coffee time bake shop






 melt ice cream






 la delicia






 lil' devil's






 longboards restaurant & bar






 stardust






 amp cannabis dispensary






 the cheese shop of salem






 pamplemousse






 pyramid books






 hive & forge






 crow haven corner






 coven






 the cove at salem






 hawthorne hotel






 harbor light inn & tavern






 the merchant






 hampton inn salem






 the coach house






 briar barn inn






 lorelei’s love nest





see all things to do visit salem’s punto urban art museumin 2017, north shore community development coalition (cdc) founded the punto urban art museum (puam), an expansive open-air art museum with 75 large-scale murals by global and new england-based artists. one of the many art museums throughout salem, puam is known for taking influence from the community and starting conversations. as you plan your visit, be sure to include a walk through puam, including its new exhibit, casa de abuela, which is a replica of a typical dominican country house that offers cultural insights and pop-up experiences.
explore the museum 


what's happening





leslie’s retreat: salem on the brink of revolution exhibit
february 16th
this national park service exhibit will explore why crown soldiers under lt. col. alexander leslie came to salem on february 26, 1775, who were the major players in the event,...




magical transformations
february 16th
through our “magical transformations” children embrace their charms and express their individuality. children can choose to transform into a “witch” or “wizard”!




stop in for a spell: diy potion bar
february 16th
fly in to the good witch and stay for a spell! mix up your very own potion at our potion bar! drop ins begin at store opening and end 30 minutes...




potion brewing store experience
february 16th
make your visit to the good witch of salem’s shop memorable by booking our in-store potion brewing experience. this activity is led by our witch apprentices. activities are recommended for children...




wicked good books boozy book fair at notch brewing
february 16th
wicked good books will be hosting a book fair at notch brewing. grab a drink and browse a selection of books, games, and more.




love stories in the history of ukrainian art
february 16th
join us for an enchanting lecture exploring the theme of love in ukrainian art throughout history. from passionate romances to deep emotional connections, this session will delve into how love...




love songs of the great american songbook w/ alexandra grace
february 16th
music lovers, join us for a cozy sunday afternoon concert to round out the salem so sweet weekend! alexandra grace will fill the salem athenaeum reading room with the romantic...




adopt a panda
february 17th
children will stuff their own panda plush, create accessories, set intentions, and learn about crystal magic!









see full calendar 

 appthe all-new destination salem app is now available for ios and android! download the app to get the latest updates on everything salem, including events, museums and attractions, shop, restaurants, parking and more.use the app during this year’s salem haunted happenings for updates on parking availability, restrooms, and special events. and keep the app all year long for all the latest on salem’s annual festivals, including salem’s so sweet, salem arts festival, salem heritage days, and more.
download app free guidehow will you spend your visit to salem, ma?the printed version of the 2025 salem guide is available, order your copy by clicking here! find all of the information you need, all in one place. download our free 2025 digital flipbook & map of downtown salem.
get free guide blogsalem has so much history, but also so much happening today. learn more by reading our blog!
read more@destsalem
  
helpful linksevents calendartravel infofree guideblogsalem witch trialsport of salemsalem film officestudent & group tour infoabout destination salempress pagecontact
(978) 741-3252

info@salem.org
socials








sign-up to join our mailing listnewsletter signup






newsletter signup
*

by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: destination salem, 245 derby street, p.o. box 630, salem, ma, 01970, us, http://www.salem.org. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact.
captcha

submit


if you are human, leave this field blank.				

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsread moreacceptmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

save & acceptpowered by 

please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


