






antique clocks guy: we bring antique clocks collectors and buyers together. always the highest quality antique clocks available.


















































































 













































 • 








now would be  the ideal time to contact us  if you have higher-end, particularly american, weight-driven wall clocks ready for a “good home” (seth thomas, e. howard, waterbury, etc). we will be pleased to review what you have and offer an opinion on the most appropriate way to connect you with a buyer. we have lots of experience working with  collectors and individual families. 
in that process, we first come to an agreed price to you, then we arrange the sale and the buyer-paid shipping. if it is a larger clock we’ll use one of our blanket-wrap movers who will come to you; or, for smaller items, ups. again, paid by our buyer. 
												            
please contact us by phone at , or e-mail.
•••

about us: the antique clocks guy represents buyers, sellers, major collectors, estates, "pre-estates"... and the small guys, too. we'd be pleased to represent and sell your antique clock, antique barometer or, or perhaps your entire collection. we occasionally accept listings for some high-end, quality antiquities such as bronzes. we provide physical and "digital consignment" options as well as outright purchase of quality collections and estates. we work with lots of families and collectors with what we call "pre-estates" so your family is not left with a collection for which they eventually receive ten cents on the dollar. we help keep the vultures from your door and maximize your return on investment!

we'll also conduct a search to help you find antique clocks. whether you're seeking a seth thomas regulator, an e. howard regulator, an ithaca double-dial calendar, a big waterbury jeweler's regulator, a longcase, tallcase or “grandfather's” clock, an astronomical regulator, a lovely french carriage clock, a railroad clock, or even a 1970s piece from the gazo family clock factory or herschede hall clock co., we’ll get to work right away on your behalf. and there is no charge for those services... honest.



we've been a member of the nawcc since 1973 (national association of watch and clock collectors). we support the integrity standards of the organization. 
if you wonder about us, be sure to read our testimonials page. for credibility's sake we should mention that, for the "bible" on seth thomas clocks, the noted american clock books author tran duy ly came to us to write the introduction to this best-selling two-volume set. then, his "kroeber clocks" book. why? because we're an honest, knowledgeable, and highly respected dealer whom he trusted and whom you can trust, too, like the following note we received from a repeat client. click it for more:




if you have a quality  antique clock to sell and that meets our criteria, please click here. (other than gazo, e.howard, chelsea, herschede and some later seth thomas weight-driven clocks, if it's not an antique we definitely won't have interest.) 

don't miss our antique clocks reference library. it is full of antique clock history articles about specific manufacturers and many other antique clock-related items. if you've researched and written an appropriate antique clock article or history on one of the clockmakers or other related topic, we may have interest in publishing it here.

if you're seeking free appraisals this is the wrong website for you (we will, in some cases, do a simple evaluation for a paypal prepaid fee).

if you are seeking an honest antique clock dealer who's been around the dial more than a couple of rotations and who has developed an exemplary reputation for integrity... give us a try... take a look!

bottom line: we're committed to the highest levels of integrity and client service. so, let us go to work for you! 


got clocks?
contact us!

be sure to bookmark
our newest listings pages! 

frequently asked questions
have an item to consign? • seeking a specific item?




 thanks for visiting.
                                                                    let us know what you're seeking or selling!






antique clocks guy
                                                                              the clock guy antique brokerage
a family-owned company
                                                                              founded on the "3 rs"
respect, responsibility, reputation


nawcc #35749 since 1973
~ escondido, ca ~
how to contact us













newest listings
														  (click photo)

ansonia "general"
														    c.1914
														  


seth thomas
														    reg 3 time/strike


gazo san marcos


english standing
														    pinwheel regulator
														    c. 1860 

we need
														  your higer-end clocks,
														  particularly american weight-driven wall clocks


many more
																				fine clocks
																				available































use of this site and all correspondence, purchases/consignments 
															    are subject to our currently posted “terms and conditions”
															    and our copyright notice.

















 american • gazo • calendar • english • austrian/vienna • tallcase • ships • french • novelty • barometers • misc • budget price
clock guy home • reference library • testimonials • faq • newest listings • previous page • ordering • contact us















 


