











texas bartending schools – 1-800-bar-tend































skip to content





menu




home
austin
houston
san antonio
dallas
fort worth
 







welcome to texas’ finest bartending schools!



the texas school of bartenders is a texas owned bartending school that was founded in 1987 on the concept that bartending schools must concentrate on delivering superior bartending training behind real bars with actual bartending equipment from experienced bartenders.
seperti halnya permainan lainnya, bermain poker online juga dapat mengusir rasa jenuh anda. dengan bermain game ini, anda bisa memanfaatkan waktu luang sekaligus tetap mengasah otak. bermain poker online di situs idnpoker juga dapat meningkatkan ketajaman pikiran karena seorang pemain harus dapat mengatur strategi untuk menang. secara umum, game poker dapat melatih kemampuan anda dalam melihat peluang untuk mengambil keuntungan dari lawan atau sekadar memenangkan pertandingan.
since its inception over 18 years ago, the texas school of bartenders has developed its bartending training lab to include 42 fully-operational bars with the latest in industry equipment and machinery. the advanced training program highlights the latest technology in computerized cash handling including various types of “touch screen” and “color monitor keyboard” point of sale systems. when students enter our bartending schools, the atmosphere is like a busy saturday night.
our concept is simple. we will teach you everything you need to know to be successful in the bar industry. we only hire the most experienced bartending instructors available. because we know that in the fast-paced bartending industry, there is no substitution for thorough hands-on training by experts.
silakan kunjungi situs pengeluaran data macau 4d 5d yang menyediakan result live draw, keluaran, dan hasil toto macau tercepat hari ini; dan arsip result macau pools terlengkap 2023, 2022, 2021 dan 2020. nikmati juga pelayanan terbaik non stop 24 jam dengan berbagai promosi menarik seperti welcome bonus, reward turnover, cashback dan komisi referral. modal kecil bisa menang dengan nominal besar jika anda aktif bermain togel di situs arizona88.
many bartending hopefuls today are fooled by “on-line bartending schools“. offering “quick” and “easy” training programs. but when it comes to education and job placement, our graduates can agree when we say that when you train with the texas school of bartenders “you’ll be very pleased with the end result.
intro to bartending seminar classes
each seminar class for “intro to bartending” is 3-hours long and held on saturdays at the school. no prerequisites are required and admission is open to those 18 years of age and older. this seminar covers bar setup, brand identification, free pour/shake and strain methods, as well as basic and practical applications. cost is $150 for each seminar. the course will encompass basic liquor vocabulary, free pouring techniques, basic highballs, martinis and manhattans, with over two hours of practical hands-on bartending instruction. customer service interaction as well as terminology and communication skills are also covered.
for class times in austin email to austinbartendingcoupon@gmail.com
for class times in houston email to tsobhoustoncoupon@gmail.com

texas school of bartenders is owned and operated by professional bartenders. this is imperative to give bartending school students the education and training needed to work as professional bartenders. our personnel has more combined experience than any other schools in central texas, over 35 years in the bar and restaurant field, including over 17 years management experience.the bartending and mixology program is made up of a two week, 40 hour course. convenient day or evening bartending classes are offered in austin, houston, or san antonio, texas emphasis is placed on drink recipes, bartendig product knowledge, customer service, bartending speed, and accuracy. upon completion of the course, each bartending school student will receive a certificate of completion in mixology and tabc certification, and will be qualified for immediate employment as a professional bartender.
we were recently featured on ksat tv. read the article here.











search for:



our awards
why us?
jobs
locations
class times
request info
hire us
tabc
links


latest posts
mixology magic: bartending school in fort worththe craft of mixology: bartending school insights elevating bartending skills the world of bartending is a dynamic blend of… read more »
unlock your bartending potential: bartending school in houstonbartending is an art that goes far beyond merely pouring drinks. it requires a mix of creativity, precision, and… read more »
raise your glass: bartending classes in houstonbartending is an art that combines mixology, showmanship, and hospitality. whether you’re a seasoned bartender looking to refine your… read more »



categories
 bartending

how to

other

poker online

slot online

sports betting

texas

tip

togel online


 



copyright 2018 texas bartending schools. all rights reserved.
privacy policy




iconic one theme | powered by wordpress





