




boat lifts and docks: find premium waterfront systems | shoremaster





































 








toggle navigation























                                                        docks
                                                    





dock models



sectional docks


infinity rs4


infinity rs7


curve dock



wheel-in docks


infinity ts9





floating docks


floating fts9


rhinodock


polydock



decking options



ramps & gangways



build your dream dock today








                                                        lifts
                                                    





lift models


vertical lifts


pontoon lifts


economy vertical lifts


vertical hydraulic lifts


pwc lifts


hydraulic lifts


floating lifts



boat lift canopies


towermaxx canopy





boat lift motors



drive-on ports


shoreport


hydroport epic


hydroport extreme








                                                    accessories
                                                




dock accessories
infinitytrack accessories
boat lift accessories



product finder



                                                    about shoremaster
                                                




product warranty
news & events
career opportunities
contact us
become a dealer
warranty
company values
news & events categories




find a dealer
request a brochure
shop online







 















 














reshaping your waterfront with our boat lifts and docks

shoremaster’s infinity dock and boat lift systems, featuring exclusive curve dock frames, provide the ultimate in configurability, performance,  and customizability. 
 



                explore infinity dock systems
            


 
   explore infinity dock systems  

 



                explore infinity boat lifts
            


 
   explore infinity boat lifts  













 










boat lifts






 




docks






 




accessories






 




find your perfect system






 









customize your waterfront: shoremaster dock builder for ultimate waterfront solutions
 
build your dream waterfront with shoremaster dock builder. design, customize, and visualize your ideal dock with ease. explore endless configuration options and bring your vision to life. start creating your perfect waterfront escape today!
 

  design your dream dock  







 









new 5,500 pontoon vertical hydraulic lift
the 5,500 vertical hydraulic pontoon lift results from extensive research and development, drawing on shoremaster's long-standing experience in the industry. the lift is engineered to provide the highest level of care for pontoons, offering features that stand out in the market.
 



                explore vertical hydraulic boat lifts
            


 
   explore vertical hydraulic boat lifts  







 









be the envy of the lake
crafted with the utmost attention to detail and superior beauty the shoremaster infinity waterfront system is one that stands out from the rest. shoremaster infinity dock and boat lifts have been trusted for decades to provide superior aesthetic appeal, infinite configurability and unmatched customization on waterfront properties throughout the united states and canada. 
discover the shoremaster difference






 









easy installation. easy operation. zero hassles.
shoremaster’s infinity waterfront system is the most user-friendly system on the market. easy boat dock installation and even easier ownership – because we know how valuable your time on the water is.
learn how easy it is






 









a waterfront system that evolves with you.
shoremaster’s infinity waterfront system was designed to provide a waterfront that could evolve and adapt to your needs – which also means that it’s a dock system that you can build and evolve over time.
start your dream waterfront






 














find a dealer








find your perfect system








 design your dream dock






 







join us on social







 










































locate a dealer





 
















































 







product finder
    
buy accessories online
brand assets

 

dock systems
decking options
ramps + gangways
dock accessories

 

boat lifts
boat lift canopies
boat lift motors
boat lift accessories

 

become a dealer
installation instructions
news + events
product warranty
locations

 

explore our family of brands
polydock products
hydrohoist boat lifts
neptune boat lifts
tide tamer
hypower power pedestals

 







terms and conditions  privacy policy  employee email   dealer login   sitemap

 








shoremaster, llc | 1025 international dr. fergus falls, mn 56537


 






















