



 



gold touch inc  cosmichrome® spray chrome system: the ultimate chrome paint







































































































 


 











 




— main menu —cosmichrome spray chrome main - spray chrome machines
- spray chrome chemicals
- cosmichrome videos
- cosmichrome training: our app is the newest part of our training resources
- colored chrome concentrate dyes and special effects
- cosmichrome on facebook
- testimonials
plating main - cyanide-free chemicals for gold for plating, and conductive paints.
- metalforming / electroforming conductive paints
- instagold flash patented money saving gold bath
- gold brush plating systems and chemicals
- tank plating
news
gallery main - follow us on social media
- cosmichrome in racing
- motorcycles in chrome
- cosmichrome in show business
- sundance helicopters
- chrome cars gallery
- record size spray chrome project!
get info - data access request
about
 


cosmichrome spray chrome main

spray chrome machines
spray chrome chemicals
cosmichrome videos
cosmichrome training: our app is the newest part of our training resources
colored chrome concentrate dyes and special effects
cosmichrome on facebook
testimonials


plating main

cyanide-free chemicals for gold for plating, and conductive paints.
metalforming / electroforming conductive paints
instagold flash patented money saving gold bath
gold brush plating systems and chemicals
tank plating


news
gallery main

follow us on social media
cosmichrome in racing
motorcycles in chrome
cosmichrome in show business
sundance helicopters
chrome cars gallery
record size spray chrome project!


get info

data access request


about
 



 
 
patented spray chrome systems and 24k gold plating suppliessales@goldtouchinc.com tel (216)941-7400

 





24 k gold plating suppliescyanide and non-cyanidetrusted by the most demanding companiescounts kustomz • west coast customs • andretti autosport • general motors • george p johnson co • zebco • storyland studios • colorware • fisher price • whirlpool • coat of chrome • insane paint  and many more.
cosmichrome
patented spray chrome system

apply a chrome-like finish to nearly any material, with fantastic results! patented machines and process.
more info


tank plating
zero waste discharge plating

patented and ecological closed loop plating systems with zero waste discharge.
more info

electroplating
desktop jewelry plating

mini electroplating systems for designed for all kinds of jewelry. cyanide free!
more info

brushplating
mobile gold plating on the go

brush plating supplies featuring a real 24k gold plate finish, right on any vehicle.
more info
cosmichrome at the sema show

our exhibit in las vegas at the sema show has been very popular at speed tv. we've been to every sema show since 1993. here is a clip from the sema show of matt steele featuring our booth. you'll even get a quick demonstration of how to apply cosmichrome. 
our cosmichrome® spray chrome system is a chrome plating alternative that passes many oem specifications. it is essentially a chrome paint. cosmichrome is applied in a paint booth with professional paint equipment along with a cosmichrome machine.  it really duplicates the appearance of real chrome plating.  if your part can’t be electroplated because of size or material, there’s a good chance a chrome finish can be sprayed on the cosmichrome. you can also apply more than twenty different colors to cosmichrome such as gold, black chrome, rose gold, copper, blue, green and many more.
durability and uv resistance
cosmichrome is the only spray chrome system that is guaranteed not to turn yellow outdoors. period. similar products are plagued with yellowing problems. many of them will turn yellow from the sun in only a few weeks or months. cosmichrome lasts years without yellowing. we have the test data to prove it. no other spray chrome is as reliable, durable and uv protected as cosmichrome.
patents
our cosmichrome master system pro™ spray chrome machine and our unique process have both been awarded u.s. patent protection. with new spray chrome products seeming to pop up all the time, we are proud to be used exclusively by companies like trek bikes, ford, general motors, west coast customs, count’s kustoms and many more. cosmichrome is even approved by the faa for application on helicopters. if you are unsatisfied with your existing system chances are we can help you.
gold plating
our patented onestep gold® solution brush plates right over chrome emblems and stainless steel. no chrome stripping required. we carry a full line of brush plating chemicals for mobile and tank gold platers.
we also manufacture the tivian brand of non cyanide gold plating solutions loved by jewelers and platers for decades. our tivaglo-free cyanide free gold solutions do not contain any cyanide or arsenic and are available in 24k, 18k, 14k and rose gold.
our incredible instagold flash plates with or without electricity. it also cuts the cost of setting up a gold bath by 75% or more. with high gold prices insta gold flash can save you a fortune.
feel free to request more information. we look forward to hearing from you!


 
 
 





search our site






recent news 


 



 
								stunning colored chrome paint by the best 
							


							feb 08, 2023						






 



 
								czarnowski collective creates signs using cosmichrome spray chrome 
							


							jan 27, 2023						










 
								follow us on social media 
							


							oct 21, 2022						

























first name
last name
company
email
mobile

product interest:cosmichrome
brush plating
paints
autotank
jewelry
industrial
multiple
i want to get something coated.



 






						copyright gold touch inc. 2020 all rights reserved. 					

						telephone: (216) 941-7400 email: sales@goldtouchinc.com					




 




 
 



close this module
sign up for updates by emailjoin our email list for product updates and special offers. please put the product that interests you in the text field. 
first namejohnlast namesmithyour emailjohnsmith@example.comproduct interest?product interest?phone numberphone numbersubmitnever see this message again. 



















