  





gift shops maple grove mn |  puzzles, candles & more | the woods gifts













































      the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.    javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.     

   favorite    rewards loginblog: the woodsmaple grove storecreate an accountcontact us my cart               home  gifts  stuffed animals  puzzles & games  jewelry + bags  books  fall decor  loves me, loves me more  dave's faves   words & wisdom  books  inspirational  love & family  silly, sassy, sarcastic   for the home  kitchen  linens  coasters  mugs   decor  lights & lanterns   garden  handmade   mn local  books  food  handmade  puzzles + games  for loon-atics only   gourmet foods  ella's kitchen  huckleberry people  maggie + mary's  stonewall kitchen  wind + willow  terrapin ridge  jimmy ray's bbq  amish country popcorn  finch + fennel   candles  fragrance of the month  fall + christmas candles  woodwick ellipse candles  wax melts & diffusers  new candles, diffusers, and melts   bath & body  foaming hand soaps  bath & body for men        home     gifts     words & wisdom     for the home     mn local     gourmet foods     candles     bath & body         home page               explore it!warm up with a bowl of soupfrom maggie & mary, wind & willow and moreexplore it!handmade metal and stone garden artmade in minnesotaexplore it!warm up with a bowl of soupfrom maggie & mary, wind & willow and moreexplore it!handmade metal and stone garden artmade in minnesotadave's faves (online only) fahlo bracelets and plush - 10% off(view all)           special price $17.06    regular price $18.95   manatee aqua blue bracelet   cart detail          special price $17.06    regular price $18.95   sea turtle coral reef violet bracelet   cart detail          special price $26.96    regular price $29.95   sea turtle journey plush   cart detail          special price $26.96    regular price $29.95   shark voyage plush   cart detail  dave's sweet toothhandmade toffee from michigansee our selectionmichel design works          $14.00   honey almond foaming hand soap   cart detail         $14.00   eucalyptus & mint foaming soap   cart detail         $14.00   wild hydrangea foaming soap   cart detail         $14.00   lemon basil foaming hand soap   cart detail  fahlowildlife gifts
 track real animals in the wild with each bracelet or plush animal.see our selectionjellycat - dreamfarm - puzzletwistview more from jellycatview more from dreamfarmview more from puzzletwistjellycat - finch + fennel - puzzletwistview more from jellycatview more from finch + fennelview more from puzzletwist 
 
 enjoy local minnesota gifts & moreif you need a gift for a special occasion then you should look no further than the woods gifts. we are dedicated to bringing customers unique gifts of the highest quality and best prices. whether you would like to do your shopping in maple grove at our attractive store or live elsewhere and would prefer to use our online service, you can be assured of a winning blend of original, premium gifts and thoughtful customer care.maple grove, mn gift shop that offers something for everyonewe offer a broad range of high-quality products that really do offer more than other brands. woodwick and hearthwick ellipse candles, for example, not only crackle as they burn, they're also scented throughout, ensuring the fragrance remains for the life of the candle.great minnesota gift shops near youwe have one outlet in the northwest twin cities suburbs of minnesota, making us an easy drive away for locals. our stock includes a variety of different gifts such as puzzles, ornaments, purses, candles and much more. featuring top brands such as stonewall kitchen, puzzletwist, baggallini and more, we ensure we have gifts suitable for birthdays, weddings, christenings, retirements and many more events.a sensational online shopping experience with unique giftsour aim is to ensure that every one of our customers enjoys their time with us, as well as offering great gifts that suit their requirements. the team is always happy to help, so if you could do with a few product recommendations or have any questions about our merchandise, please give us a call or stop in.
 
 the woods gifts online rewards program
click to learn more   follow our social group         get connectedthanks! you have successfully subscribed to our email list! 

thewoodsgifts.com

about the woods gifts
history
contact us
work for us
rewards program



general information

shipping and return policies
videos
faqs*
privacy policy



contact details


maple grove location15825 95th ave nmaple grove, minnesota 55369phone : 763-416-9663



regular store hours

monday - friday (10:00 am - 7:00 pm)
saturday (10:00 am - 6:00 pm)
sunday (11:00 am - 5:00 pm)

view our other holiday hours:maple grove store .


    











     © 2014- the woods gifts. all rights reserved.. view local events  