








stephens real estate - lawrence ks real estate company



















































































		skip to content










 





785-841-4500buysellagentscompanymenu toggle

about us support team life in douglas county blog careers commercial contact
search toolsmenu toggle

search open houses home valuation mortgage calculator
 




search for:





search
 








 







 







main menu

 






















 



find what you love 


















you’ll love working with stephens 














since 1978, stephens real estate has proudly served lawrence and the surrounding areas. we’ve never lost sight of the values that led to our success. we are still independent, still full-service, and still linked to the community through roots that run decades deep. we continue to innovate and educate to make sure every client enjoys the highest level of personalized service from agents who are the best in the business. whether you’re buying or selling, the stephens team will deliver unparalleled service and creative options every time.  






about us
































						“stephens was not only helpful in the selling of our home and the finding of our new home; they were a guide for us in what would be best for our family.”					
alex c. 








						“when facing the challenge of selling a home, it’s important to work with a real estate company that knows the market, understands your goals, and prioritizes your best interest.  stephens real estate is that company.  we’ve worked with them on both professional and personal levels and they’ve always delivered and been a pleasure to work with.  we highly recommend them.”					
struct/restruct, llcdesign-build company | lawrence, ks 








						"if you want a team that cares about you as a home buyer (or home seller), and a team that will look out for your best interests throughout the process –i would highly recommend the stephens real estate team in lawrence, ks.”   					
eric m. 








						professionalism, quality, responsiveness.					
samantha c. 






 

 
























 


open housesopen houses are added throughout the week. check often to see what’s open for the weekend. 

let's see them
















our agents 



a better agent leads to a better experience. that’s why we empower our agents with the tools, technology, and resources to help you successfully buy or sell your home. our agents are strategic thinkers who value strong relationships. it’s a formula that helps our agents be the best in the business. 



need help finding the right agent? feel free to contact us with your specific needs and preferences so we can connect you with the stephens agent who is the best match for you. 






meet our agents











featured agent 






agent


rob coleman
rob is a people-person, no doubt, so of course his favorite thing about lawrence is the people. he enjoys cooking...learn more about me




 


load more
















 





get the scoop 



stay current with market updates, local news, housing and design trends, new listings, and much more! sign-up for the scoop newsletter today! 











								email							



 



sign-up

























 







smart stuff blog 











welcome home. 



since the move last spring, we’ve settled in nicely to our completely transformed building at the corner of 6th and lawrence avenue. our new home is beautiful with upgraded technology and plenty of individual and collaborative working areas. it’s a great space!see photo gallery 






view blog posts
















what’s your home worth? 






find out now






















 









 








get started 



search homesbuysellagentscontact us 







contact us 



main office: 600 lawrence ave.lawrence, ks 66049785-841-4500 | 800-875-4315 



branch office: 703 high st.baldwin city ks, ks 66006785-594-2320 







follow us 



facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedin 















copyright © 2025 stephens real estate | agent forms 







 

















 




785-841-4500buysellagentscompanymenu toggle

about us support team life in douglas county blog careers commercial contact
search toolsmenu toggle

search open houses home valuation mortgage calculator
 












scroll to top
































 

