


diane's baja desert garden blog




















    
	diane's baja desert garden blog
	
  
random thoughts and photos from my desert garden by the sea.





friday, november 28, 2008



	 
	 grasshopper
	 
    


we've had an abundance of these guys this season--don't seem to be causing significant damage--i like them.
    


posted by diane at 9:17 am









	 
	 virginia creeper
	 
    


i like the round pads which attach the stem to the wall--they are strong too--pulled the paint right off when i removed them once.  this wall doesn't have paint--the color comes from spraying iron sulfate on the fresh stucco (which also had red iron oxide pigments in it).  the idea is that it never needs painting--very good idea with all of this sun--we'll see how it holds up. 
    


posted by diane at 9:11 am









	 
	 bougainvillea
	 
    


common, but gorgeous.
    


posted by diane at 9:10 am









	 
	 'tis the season for aloe buds
	 
    


it makes me amazingly happy to find aloe flower buds in the axils of the leaves.  i prowl around the garden every few days looking for them!
    


posted by diane at 9:08 am









	 
	 caesalpinnea pulcherrima
	 
    


i love these!  i have both red and yellow varieties.  they need to be whacked back each year so they don't look scraggly.  i think they'll bloom all year if they get enough water.
    


posted by diane at 9:05 am






sunday, october 19, 2008



	 
	 it's good to be home
	 
    






posted by diane at 10:32 am









	 
	 i love walls
	 
    






posted by diane at 10:29 am









	 
	 kalanchoe buds coming
	 
    






posted by diane at 10:28 am









	 
	 i love walls
	 
    






posted by diane at 10:26 am









	 
	 gaillardia
	 
    


i just returned after 9 months and was happy to find gaillardia had naturalized in the garden.
    


posted by diane at 10:21 am






wednesday, september 24, 2008



	 
	 stay tuned!
	 
    


      i'll be posting more garden photos in october, 2008 so come back for a look!
    


posted by diane at 9:29 am






wednesday, december 19, 2007



	 
	 new garden - contrast
	 
    


the new garden is looking great!  we planted most of it in july right before we left for central america.  it grew well during the summer and survived this summer's hurricane with no problems.
    


posted by diane at 10:32 am









	 
	 native garden
	 
    


i reserved this area for native plants, or at least those from mexico.  the blue flowers are a local  species of morning glory, and they are truly glorious!
    


posted by diane at 10:29 am









	 
	 vacation rental - website
	 
    


we've been working frantically to finish every detail to prepare our new house for our first guests who arrive christmas day.  a friend recently said that being in the house is like living inside one of my paintings--that's how i feel too.  check out our new website: el encanto de cabo pulmo to see what we've been up to.  we're driving back to costa rica after christmas for 9-12 months in central america.  our capable friends, karl and kim will manage the house in our absence.
    


posted by diane at 10:14 am






saturday, october 06, 2007



	 
	 i'm back!
	 
    


      just arrived back in cabo pulmo after a two month road trip to costa rica.  we've moved out of the old house and into our new one, next door.  it has a new garden!  i hope to have a bit of time to wander around it and photograph to post here.  the new house will be a vacation rental starting around thanksgiving.  for more info, take a look at:   http://vrbo.com/150158



posted by diane at 2:33 pm






saturday, march 10, 2007



	 
	 new house project
	 
    


      one of the reasons i haven't posted to this blog very often  is that we are consumed with building a new house (and garden!) next door.  i started a blog to let friends and family see what we're up to.  here's the link:  http://newcabopulmohouse.blogspot.com/i plan to start a new garden blog about the new garden, since this blog is so large that it takes a long time to load and the formatting has gotten weird and google doesn't respond to my inquiries on how to fix it.  i'll post the new link here. i suspect i'll be able to start planting in a couple of weeks.  stay tuned....
    


posted by diane at 8:16 am






friday, february 09, 2007



	 
	 friends for juan angel
	 
    


we went to guadalajara to shop for the new house we're building. we were thrilled to find more junk mariachi sculpture. juan angel is our original mariachi fiddler. i'll post more photos of the other friends later. we got a little carried away....
    


posted by diane at 7:53 am






monday, february 05, 2007



	 
	 kalanchoe
	 
    


blooms in december and january.  the spent flowers look interesting too.
    


posted by diane at 4:08 pm









	 
	 winter garden
	 
    


it doesn't get much better than this!



posted by diane at 4:07 pm









	 
	 white crowned sparrow
	 
    


they migrate down here for the winter.



posted by diane at 3:41 pm









	 
	 more drama!
	 
    


after watching the hawk, we saw bird feathers on the ground, then noticed this quail hiding in the corner under the window.  i took the photo and we went in.  about 10 minutes later we heard a ruckus when the hawk swooped in and snatched the quail.  the hawk must have dropped the quail when it first hit the window.
    


posted by diane at 3:34 pm









	 
	 another view
	 
    






posted by diane at 3:32 pm









	 
	 more desert drama
	 
    


we first became aware of this hawk (maybe cooper's juvenile?) when we heard a big thwonk on the north window.  when we went out to investigate, we found this hawk in a nearby tree.  we thought it must have been the hawk hitting the window since the thwonk was louder then when doves hit it.  it seemed rattled hung around in the tree recovering.
    


posted by diane at 3:27 pm









	 
	 another fave book
	 
    


you might think that since it is written by a brit that it wouldn't be relevant to desert gardeners--wrong!  full of inspirational photos and good design ideas.
    


posted by diane at 3:24 pm









	 
	 true bug on jumete
	 
    


beautiful bugs.
    


posted by diane at 3:22 pm









	 
	 tarantula hawk on jumete flowers
	 
    






posted by diane at 3:19 pm









	 
	 ???
	 
    


found this guy in the kitchen on a tile.
    


posted by diane at 3:15 pm









	 
	 aloe flowerbuds
	 
    






posted by diane at 3:13 pm









	 
	 goldfinch/housefinch party
	 
    






posted by diane at 3:11 pm









	 
	 barrel cactus
	 
    


these ferocactus latispinus bloom every january.
    


posted by diane at 3:05 pm









	 
	 milkweed
	 
    


asclepias curasavica.  butterflies like the nectar of this perennial.
    


posted by diane at 3:03 pm









	 
	 northern mockingbird
	 
    






posted by diane at 3:00 pm









	 
	 prickly pear seedlings
	 
    


a tuna (prickly pear fruit) must have dropped near the base of this plant and the seeds germinated.
    


posted by diane at 2:50 pm









	 
	 aloe thraskii
	 
    


i'm crazy about this beauty from south africa.  it is supposed to grow into a tree!
    


posted by diane at 2:48 pm









	 
	 transitional iguana
	 
    


this spineytail iguana still has a bit of juvenile green and is exploring our woodpile, looking for hiding places.
    


posted by diane at 2:43 pm









	 
	 new aloe
	 
    


i don't know the name of this one, but i sure like the flowers.  it is producing some seed.  i think i'll collect it and try and grow some more.  the tip is deformed a bit because a caterpillar was munching on it when the buds were young.  luckily i caught it in the act and saved most of the buds.
    


posted by diane at 2:40 pm









	 
	 aloe vera
	 
    


this is a form of aloe vera and it's a reliable bloomer every december.  great for cut flowers as well as for burns, etc. a workhorse type of plant here.  it will survive here without any extra water.  gotta love that!
    


posted by diane at 2:37 pm









	 
	 starfish flowers
	 
    


also known as stapelia--these flowers attract flies to pollinate them with their distinctive odor and colors resembling carrion.
    


posted by diane at 2:26 pm






sunday, january 07, 2007



	 
	 adventures with snake
	 
    


i'll try and find out what kind it is.
    


posted by diane at 9:17 am









	 
	 adventures with snake
	 
    






posted by diane at 9:16 am









	 
	 adventures with snake
	 
    


i spent a long time with this snake as it slithered through the trees one fall day.
    


posted by diane at 9:14 am









	 
	 true bug on encelia
	 
    






posted by diane at 9:13 am









	 
	 butterfly on pectis
	 
    






posted by diane at 9:12 am









	 
	 pectis
	 
    


i love this little yellow daisy annual (pectis sp.).  i lost it when mexican gardeners helped me--it was a weed to them and was removed.  i had to transplant a few seedlings back in the garden and let them go to seed, to get it established again.  it seems to sprout especially well along the brick border which stays wetter after rain or watering. i like the irregular edge it gives to the paths. now i train gardeners (when i'm lucky to find someone) to pull only the grasses.
    


posted by diane at 9:06 am









	 
	 spiny-tail iguana camouflage
	 
    


the green color of the babies (which hatch in wet summer) helps to hide them as they mature.  in december their color begins to gray, as the leaves fall from the trees and shrubs due to drought.
    


posted by diane at 9:02 am









	 
	 iguana acrobat
	 
    


this was in the fall when the babies were still green.
    


posted by diane at 9:01 am









	 
	 cactus beetle
	 
    


cactus beetle is my name for these voracious devils.  they love to feast on opuntias and other cacti, leaving permanent scars on the cacti.  they are active in the morning and evening and i go on patrol with my barbeque tongs--grasping and squashing them.
    


posted by diane at 8:57 am









	 
	 winter garden
	 
    






posted by diane at 8:56 am









	 
	 hurricane damage
	 
    


the hurricane blew off the tall limbs of this cardon cactus, as well as topping most of our larger trees.
    


posted by diane at 8:52 am









	 
	 mamillaria dichotoma closeup
	 
    






posted by diane at 8:51 am









	 
	 dividing mamillaria
	 
    


this is mamillaria dichotoma and this clump started as one head.  it always divides into two heads, hence the name dichotoma.  notice that these heads are starting to divide again and have two centers of growth.
    


posted by diane at 8:48 am









	 
	 butterfly in fall
	 
    






posted by diane at 8:48 am









	 
	 aloe thraskii
	 
    


a. thraskii is a tree aloe originally from south africa near the coast.  it seems to like it here.
    


posted by diane at 8:46 am











about me

name:  diane 
location:  cabo pulmo, baja california sur, mexico 
view my complete profile

links

garden blogs
cool tools
diane's artwork
email me!
site feed

previous posts

grasshopper
virginia creeper
bougainvillea
'tis the season for aloe buds
caesalpinnea pulcherrima
it's good to be home
i love walls
kalanchoe buds coming
i love walls
gaillardia

archives

may 2005
june 2005
august 2005
november 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
october 2007
december 2007
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008








 



