

the myopia myth: how to prevent nearsightedness










legally blinded
the biggest consumer crime in history


myopia, or nearsightedness, is not inherited but is caused by excessive reading and other close work.
after doing  prolonged close work, the focusing muscle inside the eye locks up into a state of near focus. 
over time this leads to permanent nearsightedness, an abnormal lengthening of the eye.
the "distance" or "minus power" glasses routinely prescribed accelerate this process by causing the world to appear closer. 
this causes the eyes to exert more focusing effort, resulting in even more myopia.
stronger glasses are prescribed again and again, creating a vicious circle of increasing myopia.
this often leads to detached retina, macular degeneration and even blindness.
consequently, distance glasses should not be used for close work, only for distance. 
most eye doctors do not reveal that the glasses they prescribe are harmful to our eyes.
there are now over two billion nearsighted people in the world, made that way by their eye doctors. by 2050, it is expected that myopia will be the leading cause of blindness.

myopia can be prevented by the use of "plus power" reading glasses.








deutsch
español
français
italiano
svenska









<< move cursor onto the image to the left to see what a myopic person sees.




for those who only want some simplified information on myopia and how our schools are ignoring the issue, you can visit our animated website, preventmyopia.org, by clicking on the star of our animation to the right >>

or see the animation on our youtube.
or visit us on facebook.

but for those who want to know the shocking truth about greed and inhumanity in the eye care business, continue reading....







this child's good vision has been destroyed . . .

. . . by the family's eye doctor!
and the odds are that someone in your family is a victim of this tragedy.
note: this child is no longer wearing sight-destroying minus lenses.
he is using sight-saving plus lenses for close work.







there are many frauds in the world, engineered by greedy, unscrupulous people. getting shoddy goods, or losing one's money entirely is common. but what about a situation where you lose your money and your most precious gift, your vision, at the same time? and what if this is happening to defenseless children in every country of the world? 

over one third of our children, although born with normal vision, become nearsighted during their school years. many have vision that has deteriorated to the point where they would be declared legally blind if they did not have the crutch of glasses to turn to. in some highly literate asian countries, the incidence of acquired myopia has been increasing in recent years to the point where over 90% of college students are nearsighted! the eye doctors claim this is hereditary, even when there is no history of the problem in the family. but, of all our senses, why is it just our vision that so rapidly deteriorates at such an early age? what if one third of our children walked around with hearing aids or crutches? would that be considered just "inherited"? the excessive amount of reading and other close work that we do in our modern society is the real cause of acquired myopia. and the glasses with minus power lenses that are normally prescribed by uncaring doctors make the vision get worse fast!
today there are about 100 million young children entering the school systems of the world each year. under current conditions, the poor visual environment and ignorance about prevention will probably lead to an extra million or so people becoming blind each year, as a predictable effect of excessive myopia derived from this harmful school enviromment. 

are you concerned about what your children view on the internet? you should be more concerned about how they are viewing it. if they are wearing the glasses normally prescribed for myopia, their vision will deteriorate. if you ignore the information on this site and fail to educate yourself, you are a partner with your eye doctor in creating a visually handicapped child. the expense and nuisance of wearing glasses for a lifetime is the least of the problem. the more myopia you have, the more you are at risk for sight-destroying diseases such as retinal detachment, macular degeneration, glaucoma and cataract! 

during the last century, over 160 million human beings were slaughtered in warfare by other human beings. compassion toward others is hardly a predominant human trait. this same lack of concern for others is also widespread in the business world. we all know how the tobacco industry does everything in its power to make our children into tobacco addicts so that they will become lifelong customers. the misery and death caused by this are of no concern. in a similar way, the eye "care" industry intentionally ignores prevention so that our children will become lifelong customers. that the progression of myopia leads to eye disease and blindness is of no concern to these people. it's all about the money. this is child abuse at its worst.



vision deterioration in progress.
minus lenses used for reading.

many parents ask "why does my child need glasses?" on this website you can learn about and obtain the information and tools that you need to prevent myopia. but eye doctors and optical companies do not want you to know about these things that they fear and suppress. they do everything in their power to hide this knowledge from you. now, thanks to the internet, you are no longer at the mercy of your doctor's ignorance and $elf-interest. for a detailed analysis of how the public is being deliberately misled, see the conspirators.


take the logical tour of this site through pages 2, 3 and 4 by clicking on page 2.
this tour includes links to all the pages listed below.
or, use the shortcuts below to visit any individual page.













shortcuts to the main pages on this site










page 2
page 3
page 4
anti-myopia school desks
author's biography
awards, principles and "truth on the internet"
bbc laser surgery article
bifocal control of myopia

close-up lens selection
eye doctors and their flawed education
eyestrain - its causes, consequences and treatment
food and drug administration
francis young papers
how to save your child's vision
lasik article from sci.med.vision newsgroup
laser surgery may ruin eyes
legal threats from eye doctors
mail from our visitors
myopia prevalence in asia
myopia prevention specialists





myopter case histories
myopter directions
myopter models
myopter research paper
national eye institute
nei research critique
other links

printable eye chart



primary care optometry news
prismatic effect
products
take the quiz

the defenders of "business as usual"
the myopia myth (our book)
toxic dilating drugs
orders
order form (mail)
shopping cart










this site is brought to you by the international myopia prevention assn., ligonier, pa 15658.
president - donald s. rehm, author of the myopia myth.
author's biography

any questions? send us an 
email.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
see links to other informative websites below.
do you know how important your diet and cholesterol level are to your health?
learn more at cholesterolcheck.org.
does anyone in your family suffer from cataracts?
do you know that cataracts can be dissolved without surgery?
learn more at preventcataract.org.
do you know anything about pinhole glasses?
learn more at pinholeglasses.org.
a collection of health articles.
what doctors don't tell you
and to avoid confusion, note that these two sites are the same:
myopia.org. and nearsightedness.org.









*






