






home | makeithappen




























 
















benefits


how it works


use cases


pricing


articles


book a demo






skip to content


makeithappen
drive your change programme from ideas to implementation.


primary menu

articles
home












make it happen

drive your change programme from ideas to implementation.
book a demo






















simplicity, transparency & accountability


light-touch but powerful programme management distributes the change effort throughout the enterprise.







deliver measurable change


quantify idea benefits upfront and refine measures over the life of the initiative, so you know exactly what’s being delivered.







see the forest and the trees


manage overall stream and programme performance, then dive deep into initiatives needing help.












how it works












01


capture
easily capture and standardise initiatives and track changes over time.











02


progress
manage initiatives through a structured state-gate workflow and ensure sustained momentum.











03


inform
aggregate information across hundreds of initiatives and report on the signal, not the noise.











04


track
be confident in your programme targets and track actual results delivered.













how makeithappencan help




are your change initiatives on track?






do you know what all your initiative owners are doing?






do initiatives suddenly go off track with no prior warning?






are you confident that you are going to deliver your pmo’s target - whether that’s transformation, cost reduction, or capability uplift?




contact us to find out how makeithappen solves the biggest challenges in running a successful pmo.
contact us









use cases










cost transformation
track the progress of cross-functional teams and initiatives in real-time, manage value delivery and build team engagement

rapidly consolidate and progress ideas
accelerate programme outcomes
track measurable benefits





post-merger integration
quickly align the combined organisation around clear objectives and ramp up delivery

stay on top of multiple streams
align merger entities with standardised ways of working
manage execution risks





investment governance
empower teams with accurate real-time data to prioritize scarce resources

build enterprise accountability
create transparency on investment decisions and processes
drive portfolio roic





digital & rpa transformation
manage the end to end lifecycle of automation initiatives ensuring investments deliver benefits

accelerate pilots to programmes
scale implementations with full visibility
measure actual results to validate programme success


























product tiers




pmo



get a change programme up and running by yourself or with your pmo colleagues.

5 users
1 stream
20 initiatives
standard reporting



book a demo






stream



roll out makeithappen to a focused stream of work.

50 users
1 stream
100 initiatives
advanced reporting
selected integrations



book a demo






enterprise



deliver an enterprise-wide transformation or change programme.

unlimited users
unlimited stream
unlimited initiatives
custom reporting
integrations
api access



book a demo











what they say about us











chief operating officer
asia-pacific manufacturer and distributor



makeithappen brought us together as one team in an aligned process. we held each other accountable and built a strong culture around delivering tangible results. makeithappen was essential to our transformation programme.










chief operating officer
asia-pacific parcels company



we used makeithappen to manage and deliver over $200m of cost and revenue initiatives. the solution proved invaluable in allowing managers to perform and consolidate their financial analysis and provide weekly updates on progress and performance.











get a no pressure demo
you’ll have the opportunity to explore the tool, guided by one of our knowledgeable customer success representatives.
book now











we have been helping companies large and small make it happen since 2009.




site links 
articles
home

 



 recent posts 

the role of the pmo; how they fulfil responsibilities whilst overcoming challenges


key features to look for in a project management tool


keep your transformation initiatives on track


moving fast


fast projects


 






                copyright © makeithappen. 2025 • all rights reserved
            







book a demo

×












contact us

×



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.your name *firstlastyour email *comment or message *submit  

























