










the first & largest timeshare website - helping owners since 1993
































join tug  |  e-mail tug 




about tug

how tug started
contact us
newsletter signup
tug help/faq
testimonials
privacy statement
how to join tug


start here!

how do i sell my timeshare?
timeshare exit options
tug personal assistance
what if i stop paying?
how do i rent out my timeshare?
what is your timeshare worth?
timeshare scam warnings! 
tug faq
tug youtube videos


tugbbs owner forums

timeshare resorts & reviews

timeshare marketplace

timeshare marketplace home
free timeshares!
timeshare resales
timeshare rentals
search all listings
resales/rental history
how to post a listing
timeshare planning calendar
free exchanges offered


timeshare advice articles


tug member links

member login
lost password?
refer someone to tug
member renewal
secure online payment system


search




timeshare users group
the very first timeshare website on the internet! owners helping owners since 1993!
 tug benefits   sell your timeshare   timeshare exit options
“i wish i would have known about tug before i bought my first timeshare!”






buy

timeshare resales as low as $1


sell

sell your timeshare!


rent

rent your timeshare!


search

all active resales and rentals







who we are
the timeshare users group (tug) is a veteran-founded, family-owned consumer advocacy organization that has been providing the truth about timeshares to owners for 31 years!
    founded in 1993 by a group of timeshare owners just like yourself provides an unbiased source of consumer oriented information and advice on timeshares and the timeshare concept. here at tug you get the truth about timeshares for free!
    learn more about tug here.




latest timeshare news & announcements




$23 million refunded to owners, all for free!!
we keep a running counter of all owners who confirm they were able to find tug in time to cancel a new timeshare purchase and get a full refund! this total is over $23 million dollars just since we started keeping track! : read every owner refund story here!




$72 million dollars in timeshares sold & rented by owner!
the tug timeshare marketplace has sold and rented more than $72 million dollars worth of timeshares by owner! timeshare users group proves every single day that you can sell or rent your timeshare without paying large upforont fees or being scammed! learn more here!




visit our youtube channel for helpful short videos!
keeping up with the digital video age, tug now produces regular timeshare help and advice videos covering any and all timeshare related topics! with thousands of subscribers the talking timeshares video series is a hit!




timeshare users group turns 31!!!!
amazing to believe the tug website was started thirty years ago as the first timeshare website on the internet and is still going strong as ever today!




free timeshare newsletter!
now you can view the most popular and interesting discussions on tug as well as get updates of the latest timeshare resort reviews, timeshare classified ads, and timeshare exchange opportunities!  sign up here for the free tug newsletter today and join tens of thousands of subscribing owners just like you! sign up for free today!





free timeshare exchanges!
tired of paying ever increasing exchange fees?  list your timeshare in the exchange section of the timeshare marketplace and trade with other tuggers for free!!  click the link below for a list of all currently available exchanges on tug, and add your own for free! free timeshare owner exchanges!





tug interviewed for stories from the wall st. journal, cnbc, forbes, new york times and abc nightline news!
tug has been featured in major media outlets regarding timeshares and the resale market, view some here: cnbc timeshare story! / forbes timeshare story! / wall st. journal article / new york times article /  abc nightline news







what does tug offer timeshare owners?

 click here to join now!



access to ratings & reviews of thousands of timeshare resorts all over the world! all reviews are submitted by timeshare owners who have traveled to these resorts and provide an accurate account of the property, room, local attractions and more!


the tugbbs online community forums consists of tens of thousands other timeshare owners and is the first, largest and most informative online timeshare forum on the internet! no timeshare question goes unanswered no matter how simple or complex! with timeshare experts and owners alike, you will learn more from just reading and participating in these forums than you could ever imagine!


the tug timeshare marketplace is one of the largest and most visited timeshare classified ad sites on the internet with millions of dollars in completed listings and thousands of current ads posted by owners!  all ads are open to the public and do not require membership to browse! tug members receive free classified ads in our marketplace to sell or rent your timeshare all year! 


tug advice is probably the most helpful section of the site for new buyers/sellers just getting into timesharing. written by owners, members and experts. these articles cater to the entry level and intermediate level timeshare individual and are a must read for anyone thinking of buying or selling a timeshare and those who want to make the absolute most out of their timeshare experience!



 join tug now and enjoy the best $15 ever spent timesharing, we guarantee it! 









timeshare owner forums

forums home
free registration
login now
faq & forum help


resort ratings and reviews

free timeshare ratings
resales/rental history
timeshare marketplace
timeshare resort maps

timeshare marketplace

timeshare marketplace home
timeshare resales by owner
timeshare rentals by owner
search classified ads


about tug

about us
contact us
newsletter signup
tug help/faq


free timeshare advice articles

free advice articles
how to sell a timeshare
free exchanges
direct exchange list
free sample reviews
planning calendar

owner testimonials

advertising

tug advertisers
banner ad program

free samples

members

login
join us
password reminder
member referral
privacy statement
member renewal
secure online payment






 â© timeshare users group
1335 kingsley avenue #1442, orange park, fl 32067
phone: call 904 298 3185
send email regarding this page to tug@tug2.net






  


send comments/feedback by email to: tug@tug2.net 







