



































































 

 

welcome to governmentgrant.com














u.s. federal grant data provided by usaspending.gov




covid-19 government grants
please see information regarding covid-19 government grants at our dedicated page.




every year the united states government has been giving away free money in government grants to small businesses and individuals in need. in united states over $400 billion dollars in government grants have been given away to qualified us businesses, organizations, and people like you.
you may be entitled for government grants that you are not aware of! governmentgrant.com is the best source for federal grants, state grants, and municipal grants. throughout the site, we will show you what grants are available in your area, how to pick one, and how to apply.
one of the great things about government grants is that you can apply to as many as like and best of all it is absolutely free to apply! its free money just waiting for eligible applicants to come along and take it. with a bit of effort you can get yourself a government grant to fix up your aging home, help start a business or even a grant to help pay your bills!








get started here:





sponsored links
 
search for grants
check grant eligibility
grant writing tips
apply for a government grant








government grant news



new initiative aims to end child hunger in maine
may 17, 2016
the state of maine has unveiled an ambitious campaign designed to combat child hunger. the campaign is called full plates, full potential, to highlight the fact that children cannot reach… 
read more » 







sam’s club awards grants and education to small business owners
may 15, 2016
oftentimes, small business owners are the very small fish in a large, overpopulated pond. one reason they struggle to get their business off and running is due to limited availability… 
read more » 







homeless families lose housing after federal government takes grant money away from charities
may 13, 2016
though polk and hillsborough counties have mostly recovered from the housing market collapse, there are still hundreds of homeless families located within the central florida area. sadly, these unfortunate families… 
read more » 







fedex launches small business grant contest
may 13, 2016
small businesses can find securing funding difficult during a weak economy like the one we’re in now. a government grant program that was available in the past may no longer… 
read more » 








you may be entitled for government grants
search our grant database below and find grants you qualify for 




government grant search:



keyword search:


cfda number:


grant opportunity number:


search


cfda number:
grant opportunity number:
search








get a free grant assistance kit
to start your application for a free grant package go to:
apply for government grant






do you like this site? share it!













popular articles






government grants
free money for bills
how to write effective grant proposals
free money for everybody
pell grant







free grants updates
don't miss any of the latest government grant news. sign up to our newsletter and receive email alerts to your inbox on the latest grant opportunities







 




grants menu
apply for government grants
grant news
community news
grant programs
federal grants
state grants
personal grants
college grants
education grants
business grants
health grants
housing grants
foundation grants
grants for women
minority grants
other grants
grant information
canadian grants
grant writing
grant resources

sponsored links


 




about governmentgrant.com  - site map - terms of use  - privacy policy - contact us



copyright © 2025 information services inc.  all rights reserved.


			please note that governmentgrant.com a private website and is not associated with the u.s. government or any agency or department thereof. u.s. government agencies have not reviewed this information. governmentgrant.com is a private advertising portal for third parties who advertise financial and grant related information. we may receive a commission or other remuneration from these third parties. government grants may be obtained directly from the united states government and departments thereof, for free, without professional assistance at www.grants.gov, however qualification and other eligibility requirements may be required. this site is for general information purposes only and you should consult with a professional advisor or government official prior to applying for any financial assistance or government grants of any kind.  
		







