







seattle book publisher | - made for success













































































get publishedchildren’s booksabout usblogcontactcatalog




 



you tell the story. we tell the world.every bestselling book begins with an idea, which then is formed into a masterpiece. powerful events unfold with each book launched. 

we know you have an amazing idea, which is why you’re here! together, we will give that idea wings so it can take flight.
your story... well told.publish with authorityyou are the subject matter expert. our work crafts your ideas into a book, which will propel your expertise into the marketplace with authority.  
engage your audience and impact a generation.interested in learning about the publishing world? sign up for our newsletter to get the latest industry tips and tricks:
choose your journeythe hero’s journey writer’s workshop has produced a rich history of #1 best sellers. the combined creative efforts of our team are dedicated to developing your idea into a  writing plan you can implement in 90 days, even on top of a busy schedule.you’ve done some (or all) of your writing, and now you are ready to work with an editor. collaborate with the best in the business to edit your manuscript. no guesswork. no re-dos. just the expertise of proven editors who have worked through hundreds of manuscripts.  your journey has led you to this exciting point, publishing a book, and you’re ready to share your story with the world. our publishing process is fine-tuned to the needs of business owners, thought leaders, speakers, and highly paid consultants. we guarantee to powerfully amplify your message. audiobooks are the fastest growing market segment and have become the darling of the industry. get published with professional narration and perfect distribution.your story is ready for prime time… now it’s time to turn up the heat. we will dominate your niche with media appearances, social media, amazon optimization, #1 best seller campaign, video production, booking speaking engagements—all that’s required to be an influencer in your sphere.what it means to become a made for success authormade for success authors are empowered to be successful from day 1.the high-touch, high-quality experiencesuccess isn’t just in our name, it’s in our dna. welcome to the journey to transform your story into a success story.don’t just take our word for it:todd stottlemyreauthor of the observer and relentless successmy philosophy is finding a coach in everything i want to accomplish and bryan and his team at made for success were second to none in helping me with my book relentless success. they kept the unknown simple for me to write a best seller.michael saloneauthor of tagging for talentit was great working with bryan, deedee and the entire made for success team. as a first time author, they helped walk me through the entire process with ease and never got tired of my questions! thanks all!tom ziglarceo of ziglar, incbryan heathman and the made for success team are incredible to work with. they are constantly thinking of new ways to reach new customers and maximize existing content by repurposing it to fit today’s consumer. in doing this they are a vital part and an incredible help in growing the ziglar legacy.scott hogleauthor of persuadeworking with bryan and the team from mfs was an incredible experience. bryan was a great strategist and coach in crafting the strategy, layout, title, and even chapter structure for me which, was important as a first time author. janelle brulandceo and author of the success liemade for success helped to create a successful launch,  resulting in the success lie winning a gold literary award as a top motivational book of the year, and an amazon best seller. i would highly recommend made for success publishing!ann charlesauthor of the deadwood humorous mystery seriesi've worked with made for success publishing on audiobook projects for about seven years 
now. they have been professional at all times, helpful with ideas for promotion, prompt with 
business correspondence, and open to trying new methods.





navigationget publishedsubmissionsabout uscontactserviceschildren’s bookswritebook editingamazon optimized publishingmarketing servicessearchsubmitclearconnect

searchsubmitclearget publishedchildren’s booksabout usblogcontactcatalog
 
 







