
















































recreational services | division of student life | the university of iowa





























    skip to main content
  







the university of iowa






university of iowa





            division of student life
          






            recreational services
          






search

submit search







search



top links


hours


online registration











site main navigation

aboutadvertisingemploymentgive to recreational servicesmissiononline registration informationorg chartour teampoliciesmisconduct and appealsprovide feedbackrecreational services appadventure recadventure tripsclasses for academic creditclimbing wallrent equipmentteam building/ui challenge courseaquaticspoolsamerican red cross certification coursesiowa flyers swim club (ifly)mastersswim lessonsfacilitiescampus recreation and wellness centerfield housefitness easthawkeye recreation fieldshawkeye rugby fieldshawkeye softball complexhawkeye tennis and recreation complexlagoon shelter houseoutdoor rental centerp. sue beckwith, m.d., boathouseui challenge coursefitnessgroup fitnesspersonal trainingspecialty fitness programsfit to gomembershipsalumni membershipscommunity membershipsfaculty/staff membershipsretiree/affiliate membershipsstudent membershipsdaily walk-in optionslocker optionsrowinglearn to rowrowing programsrowing eventsp. sue beckwith, m.d. boathousesport programsintramural sportssport clubsyouth campsgolf leaguetennisadult tennis programmingjunior tennis programminghawkeye tennis academycamps and clinicsprivate lessonscourt rentals

























 











        recreational services
      


your destination for recreation. 
 




                    become a member
                    


                    visit our facilities
                    


                    join our team
                    















        campus recreation & wellness center
      




filter by date













        field house
      




filter by date













        fitness east
      




filter by date













        hawkeye tennis & recreation complex
      




filter by date

















        upcoming events
      













        intramural archery tag registration
      





                  tuesday, february 11 to wednesday, february 19, 2025 (all day)
                

field house


event information: this event will be the first friday night series event in the spring 2025 semester! the friday night series is a series of late night events put on by the intramural sports program. there will be free pizza, prizes given away, and participation is free! you can participate in one friday night series event, or you can participate in all of them....it's all up to you!

registration information: pre-registration begins on monday, aug. 19 at 8 a.m. during pre-registration...













        intramural billiards registration
      





                  tuesday, february 11 to tuesday, february 25, 2025 (all day)
                

petersen residence hall


registration information: you can start your registration on imleagues beginning monday, aug. 19 at 8 a.m in the "pre-registration" area. beginning tuesday, feb. 11, 2025, both singles and doubles participants can move into the "tournament" division to confirm that you plan to participate. to move to the "tournament" division, doubles teams must have two players. don't worry about starting now and forgetting, we'll send a reminder email to everyone in the pre-registration area when it comes time...













        intramural pickleball registration
      





                  tuesday, february 25 to wednesday, march 5, 2025 (all day)
                

field house


registration information: you can start your registration on imleagues beginning monday, aug. 19 at 8 a.m. in the "pre-registration" area. beginning at 8 a.m. on tuesday, feb. 25, 2025 once you have two team members on your team roster, you can move into the "tournament" division to confirm that you plan to participate. don't worry about starting now and forgetting, we'll send a reminder email to everyone in the pre-registration area when it comes time to finish your registration! your...













        rec after dark
      





                  friday, february 28, 2025 9:00pm to 11:59pm
                

campus recreation and wellness center


rec after dark are late night events that are free for university of iowa students and members.  join us for a fun evening of activities and food in the dark! 















        hawkeye classic - indoor women's rugby 7s tournament
      





                  saturday, march 8, 2025 9:00am to 7:00pm
                

hawkeye tennis and recreation complex


two-day olympic style rugby 7s tournament!













        hawkeye classic - indoor men's rugby 7s tournament
      





                  sunday, march 9, 2025 9:00am to 7:00pm
                

hawkeye tennis and recreation complex


two-day olympic style rugby 7s tournament!




view more events










        be in the know!
      













 









        view our program guide!
      



check out our digital overview guide to learn more about all the programs, services, and facilities we have to offer at recreational services! 


                view
                












 









        download our app!
      



the recreational services app has everything you need to know about our programs and facilities, including: hours of operation, group fitness schedule, live visitor counts, digital barcode id, and more!
​


                download
                












 









        become a rec serv insider!
      



sign up for our email newsletters to be the first to hear about new programs, upcoming registration deadlines, and changes to facility hours of operation! 


                sign up
                













 







        1.4m
      



  

      visits by members and guests annually 
  




 







        761,500
      



  

      square feet of indoor facility space
  




 







        400+
      



  

      part-time employees 
  













        help us grow
      



your gift to the university of iowa and recreational services makes a difference in the lives of our students and helps us grow and improve our programs and facilities. 


give today
              

















the university of iowa






university of iowa




recreational services



              division of student life
            



309 s. madison st., iowa city, iowa 52242
 319-335-9293
rec-services@uiowa.edu 


social media


 facebook


 instagram


 twitter


 youtube





admin login






© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility














