

sailinglinks- promoting sailing














general info rent, buy or build fitting out, gear cruising resources racing links s/y arabella site map


      


welcome aboard
    sailinglinks

	if you're looking for a quick, easy directory for over 1600
    links to sailing related resources on the net, you found it.  i have attempted to
    organize the links to sailing sites into useful categories, something that was rare when i
    started the site in 1999.  the newest reorganization puts the links into large
    umbrella categories, hopefully making it less confusing to the first time
    visitor. get a link added to a sailing related site by clicking here.
    
the banner pic was taken from the rarotonga 
	yc

general info- all the categories of links someone might want if interested
        in sailing, new salt or old salt.
rent, buy,
        build- links for those who want to go sailing and need a sailboat to charter or purchase (or build).
gear;
        fitting out - links for those who are looking for any kind of sailing gear or nautical products.
cruising
        resources- links for those who are getting
        ready to go, or are already out cruising.
racing links- *new page* resources and info for racing skippers
        or crew
s/y arabella- for those who want to know what we're up to, and web site business.
site map- if you want to see the whole site and
        go anywhere instantly.

 
 


we have been on an extended cruise on our swift 40 arabella- 
enjoying mexico for several seasons since 2003, and the south pacific for the 
last couple of years.  we sold her march 31, 2010, in bundaberg, 
queensland, australia, where she is preparing to take her new owners on many 
more adventures, we hope.  we're now enjoying sailing our capri 25 in yaquina bay, (newport or), and 
working on our new "big boat", a c & c 37 named mahalo.  see the bottom of this page for
specific examples of all the sailing info in this site. 

arabella off tenecatita 2005


our new-to-us capri 25, now called grinner, 
having fun in newport, or on a wet wednesday 2011

trip picture page
please click on (and support) our
generous sponsors:
your banner-link could be here too- see
"become a sponsor"





 marine led shop - best price and free shipping for 
marine led lights and 
marine led bulbs

transfer your sailing movies and video with
stashspace.com convert vhs
to dvd
 



these guys ^ made the lettering for my new
boat- did a great job in record time!



















since reorganizing this site and
consolidating the sailing links into umbrella categories i've noticed we've almost dropped
off the search engine map in the sailing category, so i'm going to mention some of the
various sailing related links you can find inside sailinglinks.  there are links to sailing schools and sailing charter
companies all over the world, sailing books, sailing magazines,
sailing gear, sailing
clothes, sails and sail makers, sailing
glossaries containing all the sailing terms from the past and present, sailing recipes, other sailing directories,
sailing index sites,  sailing jewelry, sailing news about sailboat races, sailing
forums, sailing instruction, sailboat
manufacturers, sailboat brokers, sailing
stories, sailing pictures galore, sailing logs and blogs, weather for
sailors, medical kits for cruising sailors, sailing chandleries, yacht clubs
around the world, delivery captains who will deliver your
sailboat anywhere, how to build a sailboat, web cams showing great sailing spots, and the personal
sailing adventures of the webcaptain and ladysailor as they sail their sailboat into
the sunset.  that's just a few examples of the sailing stuff in this here sailing web
site, and i hope you really enjoy digging into this cruising guide to the ocean of sailing
information on the world wide web.  please remember to bookmark this sailing site so
you can sail back here anytime.  if you see the sailing vessel arabella sailing
around out there, please say hello and come aboard for a cold one.  please tell the
companies that you find here that you saw them on sailinglinks.  
webcaptain@sailinglinks.com
you are our valued visitor # (since 1/1/99)
last date edited-01/04/16
date established, january 1, 1999



the cruising yacht sitering


previous |  list |  random | ? join | ? next 



sitering by bravenet.com 
this website hosted by santa barbara web
hosting, your best web deal.  please check them out, and tell them sailinglinks
sent you
 




 
  





 web 
 sailinglinks.com 










 



human hair extensions
human hair extensions
cheap human hair extensions



