


allstays | campgrounds | rv parks


























camping
rooms
drivers
apps
tips


sign in
sign up









appstore rating 4.6








your ultimate guide to over 37,000 campgrounds and rv parks nationwide
explore locations, amenities, and more all in one place.
download now








































trending campgrounds

see all















 
cheyenne mountain state park
colorado springs, co








 
odetah campground resort
bozrah, ct








 
north pines - yosemite national park
yosemite, ca








 
devils garden campground - arches national park
moab, ut








 
the ridge outdoor resort
sevierville, tn








 
trails end campground
grand marais, mn








 
north rim campground - grand canyon national park
grand canyon, az




see all











37k+
campgrounds
independent, koa, national/state forest, state parks, public lands, army corps, national park, military, county and city parks, casinos and more.  no one else has more detail.


amenities noted include:

open season
water
rv dump station
rate range
toliets
age restricted
sites
tables
big rigs
hookup types
pool
boat launch
amps
playground
camp store
big rigs access
laundry
trails
tents or no tents
propane
internet access
pet-friendly
and more...
(good sam, passport america, escapees, koa, 1,000 trails, resorts of distinction,  coast to coast)





arizona campgrounds
california campgrounds
florida campgrounds
colorado campgrounds
texas campgrounds
more...





... on the go 
see all








allstays pro
(pc/mac/everything)
pure information, faster, no ads, privacy, full screen maps, more filters, boondocking, public lands and trails, bridge heights and weights, steep road grades, over half a million search combinations. nothing else comes close.








from resorts to hike-in spots. amenities, truck stops, rest areas, wal-mart and casino parking, rv services, dumps, propane, clearances and much more.











if you drive a big rig, you need this app. if you just drive on road trips in a car and prefer making your stops count, you'll love this app. anonymous. no spying like the others do.













our apps

see all





hotels by chain
the only app that puts you to the front desk.
view more



truck and travel
over 34,000 points. semis to rvs. now with exclusive parking areas.
view more



overnight parking
at which stores do people park successfully? or not? add your reports.
view more



camp and tent
find a tent pad, not a rv only park. this app only shows tent camping.
view more


see all










more than 100k users


hear from our users
it's time you enjoy the journey with the most popular camping app for adventurers, campers, hikers and more on phone and web!
 see more





 
i discovered this app when we bought our little popup trailer in 2015. it has proved indispensable in so many ways - sometimes simply being able to see user-supplied photographs so we aren’t disappointed when we booked something that turns out to be more of a paved parking lot than a park. but it’s useful in very practical ways. we now have a class b van that’s almost 10 feet high. the other day, we decided to take it to a local park and have a picnic while some work was being done to our condo. as we were driving through martinez, my husband suddenly said, “we go under a railroad bridge up ahead. i wonder if we’ll fit!“ i whipped out my phone, opened allstays and within five seconds i had the answer that we had plenty of headroom. that’s a nice feature. when you open the app, it automatically defaults to your current location and displays all of the bridge heights around you. you don’t have to go looking for that particular overhead clearance filter. you open up your app, there’s a little blue location dot on the map, and you can look up ahead and say, “no problem. it’s a 13 foot headroom.“ they’re also quick and responding to new parks, changes, updates, etc. a new county park opened late fall near us and when i went over to allstays, it was already listed.
trolley molly



 
i have been using all stays app for a few years now, and it’s always been top of the line. some hiccups here and there, but they do try to keep updated and useful information on the camping spots. being able to find so much info on campgrounds, camping stores (or ones that are great for rv’s and camping supplies and food, etc.), rv dealerships, low clearance areas, road grades, and more, all in one app is amazing. sure some of the sites might be outdated, closed, charge more than app says (even if it says it’s free), or not exactly in right spot, but this is a great app to find what you need without searching the internet for 30 minutes figuring out what you need. (try finding a nfs campsite on the nfs website when you have no cell service.) one addition that would be awesome is a “boondocking” section to the filter list, where people can submit a camping spot that might not be at an actual campground, walmart or truck stop. that would be the cherry on top for the app.
backcountrymanusa



 
we’ve used the allstays app for 5 years now and it’s been a life line for us! we full-time travel in a motorhome-home is where we park-so knowing where to stop is crucial. we do most of our travels and stops as we go, not much planning. ya know, you got us thru yellowstone national park, much of wyoming and much of montana last summer during the busiest tourist season ever! seriously, you’ve gotten us around the us a few times now! allstays has helped us find the best places to camp even if it was a walmart. the outline or synopsis of each place helps tremendously with details as hookups, length of rig, pullthrus, etc. i like being able to see the reviews, hadnmt found them in the past. i’m adjusting to the new format-really liked the original so still adjusting. very pleased. absolutely the best app for our lifestyle.
mssunniek



 
must have for rv’er, camper, or traveler. there are so many resources available on this app that anyone traveling can find useful. i personally use this for rv’ing/camping and use it for planning purposes. i can find all sorts of camping locations from private to government locations. to supplement my planning, i can find potential rest stops, gas stations, and most importantly potential hill grades and low bridges since i tow a travel trailer. the application is intuitive to use and many filters to help keep the maps clean and easy to read. i use this primarily on my ipad for planning on iphone when traveling. the campsite reviews are good, but i don’t know necessarily where the reviews are from allstays or from another source. i use other site reviews once i find a location on this app. i would highly recommend this application.
arnelltheblaster



 
this app is the best thing since sliced bread. with the many filters it’s possible find the kind of campground that suits you and to plan routes keeping you and your rig safe. the bridges filter is the best! why waste time planning a scenic route only to find out the bridge you’re approaching is 12’ but your rig is 12’-6”, with no easy way to turn around. turn on the filters and plan your route, just that easy. most of the sites listed in allstays have hyperlinks that bring you to the reservation page of that campground. take your time and learn the app, it’s worth the effort. between allstays and a good quality rv gps, i wouldn’t leave home without it. ps. never depend on your cell phones as a gps. bite the bullet and get yourself a good rv gps and use allstays for all the planning.
smlnjack



 
we have used this app a lot from the moment we purchased our very first camper two years ago, and it has been extremely useful. i really don’t have any complaints about what it does offer, but rather a suggestion for what it doesn’t. we pulled our camper up through colorado last weekend through a snowstorm. by the time we made it to our destination our camper was covered in thick layers of mud and ice. the ice has all melted, but the camper is still very muddy. i looked into having someone come to the park and wash it for us but, good grief, $450?!? this app is seriously missing out on a big part of rv’ing. it really needs to also show locations of car washes that have high bays and big parking lots so that rv’ers know where they can take their mobile living quarters to wash them themselves. that particular feature would be most helpful!
lilhcnyl



 
i have been driving for nine years and using this app for seven. i use this app for trip planning and seeing what is where. this app combined with a app called inroute my job became a lot more easier. i love that it is easier to copy the lat/long in different apps. i especially like the interface and all the different filters. i wish i could see weigh stations and scales simultaneously when filtered. also i would like to add my own poi such as terminals, home and places i like to park such as terminals, dirt lots or random places i find along the way. if there was a way to have restricted routes highlighted that would be amazing.
mykalg



 
this app i have been using for over 4 years now and never had any problem but gives me best place to park i dot. use truck gps i use this shows me where is all trucks stops
mustafa7o















































































































































































































as seen in...
























































































more about allstays

advertising
affiliate
contact us
support - legend
site map
jobs



add a place

add a campground
add a room
add a truck stop
add other places



allstays classic guides

hotels by chain
luxury hotels
spa resorts
eco & green
b & bs
haunted hotels
extended stays
real suites
pet friendly
yoga retreats
ski resorts
road guides






privacy policy
terms
cookie policy
© 2024 allstays llc.


connect with us










