world of warcraft guide - ignfocus resetign logoskip to contentworld of warcraft guidestart tracking progresscreate a free account or log in.find in guidetask searchtask searchchecklistschecklistscontrollergame infotable of contentstable of contentsworld of warcraft guideworld of warcraft: what to do at level 110how to find a group for mythic dungeonslegionintroductionbasicshorde vs. alliancebeginner's questsguideclassesquestszonesgarrisonsdungeonsraidsachievementscompanion petsexpansionswow guardians of the dream details and patch noteswow seeds of renewal content update details & patch notespatchespc cheatsmac cheatswow server statuseventswow classic hardcore detailswow june 2023 trading posttable of contentsworld of warcraft guideworld of warcraft: what to do at level 110how to find a group for mythic dungeonslegionintroductionbasicshorde vs. alliancebeginner's questsguideclassesquestszonesgarrisonsdungeonsraidsachievementscompanion petsexpansionswow guardians of the dream details and patch noteswow seeds of renewal content update details & patch notespatchespc cheatsmac cheatswow server statuseventswow classic hardcore detailswow june 2023 trading postfind in guideguidecheckliststask searchtask search checklists guides markers videossort and filterno resultschecklists new checklistall listsmy checklistsallall listsmy checklistshow creative can you get with your first free checklist?create a free accountworld of warcraft guide wow_logo.png released platforms november 23, 2004 (na/aus)february 11, 2005 (eu)december 6, 2011 (br)
 pcmac
 developer publisher blizzard entertainment
 blizzard entertainment
 official sites battle.net // on facebook // on twitter world of warcraft guide
 introduction basics horde vs. alliance beginner's quests guide factions classes professions locations dungeons raids achievementswalords of draenor expansionwarlords of draenor is the newest world of warcraft expansion. announced at blizzcon 2013, the expansion includes at least ninety new quests.
playthe release date for warlords of draenor is november 11, 2014. 
advertisementlevel capone character on every player's account will be automatically boosted to level 90 to balance the new challenges with player abilities. players may use an existing character for this boost or build a new one. equipment will also be appropriately upgraded.
the level cap from wow will be advanced to 100.
strongholdsplayers will visit dreanor, a vast new area. players will be allowed to create their own strongholds and employ npcs as minions. players will be able to expand their strongholds with functional new facilities like barracks, infirmaries, smithies, and inns. resource collection will also be a part of to our fortress, including materials gathered through mining.
players will be able to trade resources with other players and visit their strongholds.
equipment changesequipment will include two new stats, movement and cleave, and legacy stats hit and expertise will be removed from the game.
pvp upgradestailor-made and instanced pvp zones will pit armies against once another for control of strongholds.
art upgradesart for existing character models will be upgraded along with new assets specific to the expansion.
new zones and dungeonsnew zones and zones fully rebuilt for the expansion include frostfire ridge, shadowmoon valley, gorgrond, talador, spires of arak, nagrand, and tanaan jungle.
many new dungeons will be available, as well as a redesigned blackrock spire, two new raids, a number of new scenarios, heroic scenarios, and bosses.
the main enemy of the draenor expansion will be the iron horde, an evil army set on invading azeroth.
system requirementssystem requirements will increase due to the greater graphical payload.
welcome to the world of warcraft wiki guideworld of warcraft, otherwise known as wow, is an mmorpg developed and published by blizzard entertainment. the game was first announced on september 2, 2001, and released just three years later on november 23, 2004. this date also marked the tenth anniversary of the warcraft franchise, being that warcraft: orcs & humans launched in 1994.
there are a total of four expansions currently released: the burning crusade, wrath of the lich king, cataclysm, and mists of pandaria. a fifth expansion, warlords of draenor, was announced at blizzcon 2013.
currently holding the world record for mmorpg with the most subscribers, world of warcraft stands at a player count of 7.6 million.
this wiki was automatically converted from the world of warcraft guide at https://guides.ign.com/guides/16985/ and may require cleanup. please help improve this wiki if you can, and remove this notice if appropriate.
contributor assistance
if you're unfamiliar with editing our wikis, this simple how-to wiki guide shows you how to get started. if you are unsure about something, do not hesitate to ask the staff or flag the page you are having trouble with (please don't forget to tell us about the problem or reason).introductionbasicshorde vs. alliancebeginner's questsguideup next: world of warcraft: what to do at level 110previouswow june 2023 trading postnextworld of warcraft: what to do at level 110top guide sectionsworld of warcraft: what to do at level 110how to find a group for mythic dungeonslegionintroductionwas this guide helpful?leave feedbackin this guideworld of warcraftblizzardnov 22, 2004pcmacintoshlearn moreign logoreviews•editor columns•news•guides•how to watch guides•elden ring dlc interactive map•gta 5 cheats•ign store•howlongtobeat•deals•contact us•ign youtube•ign tiktok•ign twitter•map genie