    private jet services dallas - award-winning fbo & moremillion air dallas     private jet services dallas - award-winning fbo & more  
         


  
  

 you have arrived

menu 

quoteq
qquotechartercharterempty leg flightsthe fleetpricing overviewfbofbo servicesinternational servicesjet managementmaintenancesales & acquisitionsaboutaboutsafetyfaqthe reportcontactcontactcareersrequest a quote
request a quote
(972) 248-1600


elevate your idea of what luxury can beexplore your options
the asset
jet management
the experience
charter a jet
the network
empty leg flights
the expertise
maintenance services
the service
visit the fbo
the alliance
sales & acquisitions.cruising the skies with precision: elevate your aviation experience with expert jet management services.exceeding expectations since 1984with over 35 years of aviation experience, million air dallas has built a reputation on exceeding expectations. not just with our luxury private jet services and legendary white glove touch, but with a full suite of offerings that cater to any aviation need. from jet management to jet sales to our upscale fbo, million air dallas soars above the competition.about usthe experienceat million air dallas, our private jet services are more than getting from point a to b. it’s the uncompromising attention to detail from the moment you pull up to our luxury terminal. it’s the convenience of flying when you want, where you want. and it’s the value of maximizing every minute of the flight, for work or for play.charter a jetthe servicein 1984, million air dallas pioneered the concept of a premium fbo and continues to set the benchmark by providing pilots and their aircraft with a superior level of services, amenities and value. whether you arrive in a single-engine aircraft or a heavy jet, our ads fbo will exceed your expectations.visit the fbothe assetyour aircraft isn’t just a valuable investment, it’s a prized asset. our jet management service provides unmatched industry expertise and an uncompromising commitment to safety and service, so you can rest assured your asset is in good hands. we simplify ownership by managing every aspect—from maintenance to marketing—keeping your economic interests always at the forefront.partner with us
million air dallas is the best option for your private jet travel needs!
john b., anesthesiologist, frisco, txmillion air dallas is exceptional in customer service. they handle the business and personal travel of our top executives with ease.
rhonda p., executive assistant, dallas, txkudos for establishing a service culture that begins with a smile and a warm hello!
mike c., captain, 2001 canadair cl604 challengermillion air dallas is our #1 choice for fbos in the area and we are glad to call it home.
trey s., owner, monarch air

 
© 2025 million air dallas | all rights reserved. |  privacy policy  | terms & conditions        we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.accept       

 




