




















utility bill assistance - utility bill assistance


























skip to main content





















                     agencies




                     services









































 



stay connected


























































assistance for businesses




business resources


small business assistance


incentives and tax credits


expand or relocate


low interest loan programs


illinois works contractor resources





assistance for individuals




energy assistance


job training


income qualified assistance


office of tourism - assistance for individuals





assistance for communities




community development


broadband expansion


illinois historic preservation tax credit program


tax increment financing





about us




news


contact us


accountability for the investment of public funds act


equal opportunity monitoring and compliance


foia requests


illinois corporate accountability


legislation & reporting


events and public notices


employment opportunities


why illinois?


grant opportunities








                                    more
                                    








stay connected





























dceo





community services





utility bill assistance


















         utility bill assistance






how to apply





where to apply





check application status





your rights





frequently asked questions





report fraud or abuse





low income energy assistance policy advisory council (pac)





2025 liheap state plan












 utility bill assistance



the low income home energy assistance program (liheap) helps eligible low-income households pay for home energy services (primarily heating during winter months).  energy costs can place severe and continuing stress on a family’s budget. in some instances, households are forced to make painful decisions regarding which bills to pay and which necessities to survive without.  illinois residents with a household income that does not exceed an amount determined annually by the department of commerce are eligible. annual eligibility levels are determined based on available funding and may not exceed 200% of the federal nonfarm poverty level. 



energy assistance builds on the administration’s help illinois families initiative, created in 2020 to help reach an unprecedented number of families in crisis and needing financial assistance for utility bills and other household expenses due to the pandemic. for more, visit helpillinoisfamilies.com. 



see  how to apply for more information.



for a complete list of liheap application agencies based on county, see where to apply.  for additional program information check out the frequently asked questions. or call help illinois families call center at 1-833-711-0374.



check the status of your liheap application. 



    



home energy resources watch a video from citizens utility board on how to save energy in your home. 





 saving energy video – vampire power (video)
  




for more videos about your utility bill and saving money and energy visit: 




citizens utility board (video) 

download the home energy savings brochure (english  |  spanish)

download the liheap brochure (english  |  spanish)
download the liheap appeal rights poster (english  |  spanish)




 for more information contact: 



office of community assistance



illinois department of commerce and economic opportunity



1-833-711-0374



communityassist@illinois.gov



















footer









back to top







information

illinois economic plan
corporate accountability
awarded grants
edge agreements
connect with a dceo representative



quick links

locate your business in il
start your business in il
get answers to questions
contact us
illinois e-pay



























[]


















web accessibility


missing & exploited children


amber alerts


illinois privacy info



governor jb pritzker
© 2025
state of illinois






















