





jay graydon. official web site. homepage












jay graydon
official web site





home
hot news
bio
production
song catalog
discography
gear & studio








			email: sis@jaygraydon.net

albums/downloads
		
		
		to purchase please click on the image below.
		













videos




downloads









distribution




record labels


books





you have just entered ...

		jay graydon's official home on the web in which you will find everything about this twice grammy awarded (best r&b songs) and 12 
		times grammy nominated (among the top 5 finalists) los angeles top songwriter, recording artist, guitarist, producer, engineer, and more. jay will also 
		take some space to address his fans and in other ways contribute, whenever he finds the time to do so. in short, we will bring you the hottest news about 
		the world's greatest guitarist, songwriter and producer. so keep hanging around!
			





 
 
live interview podcast with jay graydon at 
		inside musicast - january 2020!
 
 
live interview podcast with jay graydon at 
		inside musicast!
 
 
 
 


* message from toshi nakada to 
jay's japanese fans 




sound-on-sound magazine review of the famous e electric piano!
check out this 
superb review in the sos august 2021 issue! the review is written by 
robin bigwood who is a classically-trained keyboard player 
and works with many leading period instrument orchestras and ensembles, both as a harpsichord soloist and 
continuo player. robin also teaches at royal birmingham conservatoire and as a music technologist he directs 
the synth band art of moog, produces albums for other artists, and writes for sound on sound magazine.
this quote from his review says it all: 
"orange tree sample's famous e may be the best virtual rhodes you can buy." - robin bigwood

 
the famous e electric piano is featured in
sample library review's "best of 2020" video!
best piano / keyboard sample library & virtual 
instruments - 18:16


you can check out the background story about the famous e, listen to 
demos, and purchase the sample library via this page.


the famous e electric piano - available now!
hey everyone,
after more than 4 years of working on the famous e electric piano sampling project, we are releasing the sample program this morning 
(7-10-2020) at 10am west coast time in the states!!!!

orange tree samples is the company, which 
is selling our product, so please tell anyone you think would be interested! 


read more about it here and check out stefan's video! this is an 
outstanding demo of the e and he nailed the correct complex chord changes on 
the songs! he makes the playing so easy but it is not easy! - jay


the famous e electric piano with jay graydon's settingsal jarreau medley
here is one more video presenting the stunning sounds of the famous e electronic piano -
a medley with some good old al jarreau tunes. 
this demo is made with jay graydon's settings and the e is played by stefan olofsson. drums by peter olofsson.





the famous e electric piano
on jay's request, i made a video presenting this amazing instrument in a few tunes. (music starts at 1:43) - 
stefan olofsson
 









wohoo!!! sneak peek at jar 2 - code!!!
very cool video featuring the title song - code - from 
the upcoming jar 2 album!






airplay for the planet - remastered at 96k and released as a digital 
download at bandcamp a while back. since we were getting so many requests for a physical cd of this remaster and since the 2002 version 
of the physical album had sold out, we decided to make the 2017 remaster available as a physical cd 
at amazon.

so, this remaster is derived from a source with more enhancement and with new artwork, and slightly new liner notes.

here below a few comments from jay on the various releases


please note that all but two tracks were recorded on a modified mci 24 track analog recorder. i used the analog mix files to start 
with. the first cd version released in japan 
used the analogue mix files and recorded to 44.1k 16 bit digital for cd. the mastering was fair at best. 
the next release in 2002 used the digital files and i tweaked eq as to make sound better using the adat eq, which does not allow automating the eq.


so this remaster is a completely different story. as previously noted, also available at bandcamp 
for download. this digital album includes unlimited streaming via the free bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in mp3, flac and 
more.


my album airplay for the planet has been selling well and we were running out of stock so when almost out 
of stock, cd baby requests more to distribute to amazon. that opened a can of worms since the program kerstin used for 
the original artwork is out of date so she needed to start over using a new program. since she 
needed to redo the artwork, i thought it would be a good idea to re-master the audio.

this took many weeks, but when i was finally finished with the 96k remaster of the album we set up a bandcamp page for it -  jay graydon - airplay for the planet - remastered at 96k






latest update february 18, 2025
(discography a,b,c,g,l,n,t,unknown artist/(instrumental),v)

february 2025 playlist - jay graydon: songs and selected session work

a very small but noteworthy selection (105 songs) of jay's session work on hit records over the years, plus a 
few of the superb songs he has written, played on, and/or produced. around 7 hours of great music across various 
genres, for your listening pleasure. please note, to keep the list fairly short, we have not included all songs from 
airplay, bebop, airplay for the planet, rake and the surftones, the jar album, the planet 3 albums, the manhattan transfer 
albums, the al jarreau albums ... etc. etc.


 more details in the  song catalogue, the  discography, the  recording session pages, and on 
the  production page.










jaygraydon.com
jaygraydon.net
jay graydon on bandcamp
sonic thrust records
sonic thrust records retail
musicbiz keys
jay graydon on facebook
graydon/olofsson on youtube
jay graydon official youtube
jay graydon - all things music (educational youtube channel)
jarzone
jarzone records
jar official youtube channel

all written material, images, photos, video, and audio, in all sections of this website 
   copyright jay graydon/kerstin olofsson (keo) 1996 - 2025. all rights reserved.




hot news
discography
song catalog
gear & studio
the famous e electric piano
production
available albums
movie and tv music
performances
sessions
sound bites
listen and enjoy!
play like jay
videography
promo videos
sheet music
jay graydon gallery





news archive
biography
downloads
interviews
reviews
grammy awards & nominations
gold & platinum albums
graydon gigs
lyrics
articles and tutorials
discussion forum (archive)
ask jake!
asked jake (archive)
jay talk
jay's space
jay's hints and tints
jay story





jay graydon spotify playlists
jay graydon all stars - 20th
making bebop
past to present - the 70s
rake and the surftones
endorsements
jay graydon recommends
dad's den
uncle ian's tech treats
jay's fans place
hot & cool links
wall of vip's
supporter transcriptions
supporter midi files
graydon & co. fan pix

comments, suggestions, appreciation,  corrections... whatever... talk to us
 







 
 







