








birdsall services group | engineers and consultants






















 




































home
company

company overview
career opportunities
firm history
recognition


services

bsg services overview
building systems
energy & sustainability
environmental & geotech.
marine
public engineering
regulatory compliance
site development
transportation
waste management
water resources


projects

bsg projects overview
government
healthcare
education (k-12)
education (higher)
developer
authorities/utilities


connections portal

in the news
video library
alerts
event calendar
energy compliance
helpful links


contact us

general information
locations


rebuilding

volunteer donna mccormack
volunteer jim o’neill
volunteer fred fastiggi
volunteer gregg lally



























																			mount saint vincent college																	
														
																						bsg provided civil engineering, surveying,
and permitting services for a new 20,000sf gymnasium.																					
														















																			pier village																	
														
																						bsg served as the engineer of record for redevelopment of this 18-acre oceanfront site.																					
														















																			pocono international raceway																	
														
																						bsg and evolution energies worked with both nascar and pocono raceway to develop a 25-acre solar array																					
														















																			st. joseph’s regional medical center																	
														
																						bsg designed a phased replacement of the main street electrical service and hvac system serving the existing operating rooms in order to make way for the new lobby																					
														















																			bergen county utilities authority																	
														
																						bsg has served as the sustainable energy consultant to bcua which has been awarded many clean energy awards.																					
														















																			cape liberty cruise port																	
														
																						bsg served as the engineer of record and permitting agent for the cape liberty cruise port																					
														




























 

		featured highlights




			green lantern stand-up roller coaster, six flags great adventure

learn more





			st. joseph's regional medical center
			paterson & wayne, nj

learn more





			pocono raceway - nascar unveils world’s largest solar-powered sports facility

learn more


			check out the power being generated by the pocono raceway solar panels!

click here





			bergen county utilities authority

learn more











		welcome to birdsall services group

birdsall services group (bsg), with offices throughout new york, new jersey and pennsylvania, is a recognized industry leader meeting the engineering and environmental consulting needs and overall goals of property owners in the private and public sectors. our professional staff members which include licensed site remediation professionals (lsrp), possess the regulatory knowledge, technical skills, and project management expertise required for selecting the most effective solutions to engineering and environmental issues that confront our clients.





 



newsworthy...

		 

bsg hosts free seminar... how fema flood mapping will impact you - 2/28/13

		 

bsg names new president/ceo

		 

bsg receives "project of the year" award from njsme

		 

bsg cancels league party; donates money to hurricane sandy relief

		 

bsg hurricane disaster assessment

		 

bsg takes a bite out of the big apple with new location in manhattan

		 

bsg ranked #189 in enr's top 200 environmental firms


		 

(view all news items)

		 

alerts...

		 

new fema flood maps substantially affect ny/nj coasts & harbors

		 

bsg announces fixed price remediation services

		 

linear construction projects are on the rise... do you have an lsrp managing yours?

		 

don't let your disaster relief funding get blown away


 bsg now providing building information modeling (bim)

		 

do you need a licensed site remediation professional (lsrp)?





stay connected


keep up with everything that is going on with birdsall by joining our public pages.

		 

   






		for new york opportunities please click here

		 


	 



email us
request a quote
career opportunities
		...........................................
 or call us now:
		dial: (888) 335-bsgi (2744)


	 




					bsg can handle your energy projects. read more








click here for client access to transfer project files.










phone: 888.335.bsgi (2744) | info@birdsall.com

		© 2025 birdsall group. all rights reserved.

		site design and development by 8fold.

sitemap
resources
terms of use
privacy policy















