



	kpc | kansas payment center














skip to main content



















payment records
                                    



search
                                                


how to interpret
                                                


how to print
                                                





make a payment
                                    




                                                    how to make a payment
                                                


log on
                                                


register as individual
                                                


register as employer
                                                





information
                                    




                                                    if you receive support
                                                



                                                    if you pay support
                                                



                                                    employers
                                                



                                                    general information
                                                





helpful links
                                    



help topics
                                                


identity theft
                                                


dcf css
                                                


oja
                                                


federal ocss
                                                


tax information
                                                


your money
                                                





forms
                                    



english
                                                


espanol
                                                





contact us
                                    






































welcome!
pay support online



update: 

mail sent through the u.s. postal service is sometimes delayed by days/weeks. to be sure your support payments are made on time, please consider using the electronic payment options offered through kspaycenter.com.  electronic payments are credited within 2 - 3 business days. if you need assistance in setting up electronic payments, please call the kansas payment center at 877-572-5722.

payors can now make support payments using apple pay, google pay, and venmo! these modern digital wallet options are now available within the kpcpay system and offer the fastest, most convenient way to make your payment online. to get started, log into your account and enter your favorite digital wallet to save for support payments going forward. 

if you are an employer, responses to frequently asked questions can be found here. if you are an individual payor, responses to frequently asked questions can be found here.







        learn more
    






























kansas payment center
p.o. box 758599 topeka, ks 66675-8599
phone: 877-572-5722
the kansas payment center is funded by the kansas department for children and families
site release v4.4






