





fitness and fat loss information, and supplements for serious athletes












 
 
 home		| 	contact		|
		search		|
		articles		
| recipes		| 	abs		|
 fat loss


 


 

 


 
 
 



  
 supplecity: straight info on training, diet, supplements, fat loss, and 
health. 





when it comes to building a strong, healthy body, 
			supplecity can help you kick your program to the next level. 
			regardless of your age, athletic background, or schedule.we 
			offer sound advice that regular people can put to use to get amazing 
			results.

at left is a picture of mark (our founder), taken on his 
				60th birthday.
below that, another at age 60 followed by two taken when he 
				was 56.
at right, top: age 52 doing a flying kick (what height!).
at right, bottom: age 52 doing a spinning reverse kick. his 
				foot is actually traveling in the direction of his right heel.

you'll find free advice right here on supplecity.many people look at the ripped 
			body that isn't overly bulked up and make remarks like, "you must be 
			a runner" or (the well-intentioned insult), "how do you stay so 
			skinny?"
this is not a skinny body and it's certainly not a runner's body. not with a 
back like that. it does not take long hours at the gym to get this kind of musculature. it 
simply takes correct training on a regular basis and a sound diet.
i do 6 weight workouts a week, and they take about 30 minutes each. 
is that too much time? i also spends zero time getting prescription 
medications filled or in any way dealing with sickness.
 







			click either picture above to see it better.you can have a 
			kick-ass body. and you can do it without ridiculous workout 
			regimens, crazy diets, or costly personal trainers.
			 




"twenty years from now, i will still have a lean, powerful physique. and 
twenty years from now, most guys my age will be dead." mark lamendola, 
spoken at age 57.
find out more


photo above taken at age 60


 
photo above and below taken at age 56.








 

