ï»¿





swimmingholes.org swimming holes and hot springs rivers creek
springs falls hiking camping outdoors skinny dipping
















states map




		click on state/province below









































































  











some words about safety




		please do not visit 
		these beautiful, natural places if you cannot respect them. trash, rowdy 
		behavior, drunkenness, accidents and trespassing on private property are 
		causing us to to lose access to more of them every year. 

		swimming in natural places has inherent dangers. there are risks to 
		life, limb and health involved. caution can minimize but not eliminate 
		these risks. the author assumes no responsibility for sickness, injury 
		or death resulting from use/misuse of information contained herein. most 
		accidents and drownings in natural swimming places are due to strong 
		currents, diving and/or alcohol. do not let carelessness or peer 
		pressure get you into a situation you cannot deal with. each time you 
		go, wade in gradually and check the current. do not jump in until you 
		have checked both the depth and the current first. look downstream - if 
		the current is strong for a long distance or might pin you against a 
		large object (e.g., bluff, large rock or downed tree) don't go in. large 
		rivers have hidden currents below the surface - assume large rivers are 
		never safe to swim regardless of how calm they look on the surface.

		never do these things (even if others are doing them):  
dive headfirst
swim alone
drink alcohol and swim
go barefoot
stand directly under a water fall
swim in upper pools of a waterfall
climb above or alongside a waterfall


follow these added precautions:
don't put your hands or feet into places you 
		can't see
be careful when on a rope swing
if rocks are very slippery, walk on all 
		fours for stability
be careful when swimming where alligators 
		may be present


other info


		much of the information on this web site is 
		derived from other sources - such as hiking and travel books, magazine 
		articles, publications, emails from visitors and other internet sites. 
		the intent is to relay this information as accurately as possible rather 
		than directing the public to use these swimming holes. the existence of 
		private property or other matters of legality may have been 
		inadvertently omitted or may be inexact in some cases. 
		an on-site visit to each place has not been done, and even when done, 
		property ownership or legality is sometimes not evident or has changed. 
		negative impacts or 
		increased liability to private property owners is unintended. when this is brought to 
		light by 
		bona-fide sources, prompt action is taken to add this information to the listing 
		or otherwise resolve the matter on a case-by-case basis.
the 
		fine print: the information presented is compiled from many sources with 
		varying degrees of reliability. local conditions also change over time. 
		accuracy of the information and the safety and legality of visiting 
		these places cannot be assured. each visitor is personally responsible for safety and 
		legality (including observance of 
private property) each time a place is 
		visited. also, 
		inappropriate behavior
 
continuously reduces access to these special places - don't 
		contribute to this tragic loss!

copyright - all the 
		material on this web site is registered with the u.s. copyright office 
		(registration number tx6-245-508, date 5/23/2005) and may not legally be 
		reproduced (except for personal use) without permission.

explanation of terms
		- clarification of  terms and descriptions.






















