



meganslaw.com: find out about megans law and protect children from sexual offenders
























home
megan's story
safety tips
about







keeping children safe from sexual offenders



megans law
megan's law is named after seven-year-old megan kanka, a new jersey girl who was raped and killed by a known registered sex offender who had moved across the street from the family without their knowledge. in the wake of the tragedy, the kankas sought to have local communities warned about sex offenders in the area. all states now have a form of megan's law.
legislative background
the u.s. congress has passed several laws that require states to implement sex offender and crimes against children registries: the jacob wetterling crimes against children and sexually violent offender registration act, the pam lychner sexual offender tracking and identification act, and megan's law. on march 5, 2003, the united states supreme court ruled that information about potential predators may be publicly posted on the internet.
the problem
while the contents of state sex offender registries are public records and you have the right to see them, access is often difficult. often, you must know the name of the individual for which you are looking and, in many states, you must go to your local police station and complete an information request form. in some states, there are fees and search limits. many states now maintain web sites, but these often have limited functionality.
the solution
kids live safe is an innovative organization focused on protecting kids from sexual predators. since 2009, kids live safe has provided families with an extremely powerful suite of top-rated, web-based child protection tools to help you and your family be aware, be alert, and be safe. kids live safe is not a government entity.
helpful articles


how to find a sex offender by name
ugly facts about sexual predators
what is the definition of child abduction?
sexual predator statistics everyone should know
how do i know if there are predators in my area?
what are the causes of child abduction?
unnerving sexual predator statistics
school security: are your children safe?
how to keep your child safe from child predators


disclaimer
meganslaw.com is not associated in any way with the government-run megan's law website. the goal behind meganslaw.com is to complement the official site and to provide families with additional resources to help protect them from sexual predators, offenders, and pediphiles.






is a registered sex offender living near your family?

enter your zip code to identify nearby offenders.





search now

by clicking above, i accept the terms of use



what parents say about kids live safe
"everyone should have this site...."
- anthony e. rone, hinesville, ga
"please make sure your children are safe. keep up with the site and tools."
- cheryl a n valois auburn, ma
"i am very thankful for this site.....having three children this is a very big peace of mind."
- ashley may bonang











attention


	                        the website you are about to access contains actual sex offender information. please use extreme caution when utilizing this service.
	                    

	                        learning about sex offenders who live near your family can be alarming. by proceeding you agree to utilize megan's law solely for informational purposes.
	                    

continue







find out if an offender lives nearby





fair credit reporting act (fcra)
we expressly disclaim any and all representations and warranties that any of the providers featured on this site comply with the fair credit reporting act, 15usc 1681 et seq.,("fcra") and/or any other similarly situated local, state or federal law governing the requisition, performance and/or disclosure of background checks. in addition, use of any background information (whether in connection with credit eligibility reviews or otherwise) must similarly comply with applicable laws and regulations.
advertising disclosure
meganslaw.com is a free online resource that strives to offer helpful content and resources to its visitors. this site has a relationship with the featured third party company, which may impact the recommendations made on the site.







home
megan's story
safety tips
about



						â© 1999- meganslaw.com 
						all rights reserved.
					






x


	                        terms of use
	                    










close







