






will county health department – deliver sustainable programs and policies in response to the public health needs of the community.”















































health dept. 815.727.8480
community health center 815.727.8670
patient portal
 












about

annual reports
board of health
executive director
news
events


programs & services

birth & death certificates
emergency preparedness
behavioral health services

adult outpatient mental health program
child & adolescent outpatient mental health programs
590 crisis care program
first responder suicide prevention
get naloxone
mobile crisis response (mcr)
substance use treatment & recovery services
philosophy of treatment
behavioral health- faqs
intake, orientation & registration
doctoral internship in clinical psychology
practicum clinical training program


community health center

adolescent health
adult medicine
behavioral health
behavioral health therapy
dental services
dental mobile unit
diabetes education sessions
eye care
family medicine
governing council
hiv prevention
important forms for new patients
insurance assistance
obstetrics and gynecology
patient portal
pediatrics
pharmacy
prep clinic
sexually transmitted infections
walk-in clinic
women’s health
teen clinic


environmental health

body art & tanning facilities
environmental health application forms
environmental health laboratory
filing a complaint
food safety
ordinances
pfas information
radon program
safe swimming facilities
wells & septic systems
west nile, mosquito mitigation


family health services

aok (all our kids) early childhood network
better birth outcomes
healthworks of illinois
epidemiology & communicable disease
high risk infant follow-up
hiv/std care clinic
immunizations
iris referral network
lead poisoning prevention
teen pregnancy prevention
tobacco control & prevention
travel immunizations
well-woman program
wic


mapp
resources


careers

job opportunities
employee benefits


forms

freedom of information act request
hiv/sti/prep services request
medical reserve corps volunteer form
request for presentation
request an appointment


data & publications

resource guides
community health data
health indicators
food access maps


covid-19

covid-19 vaccine information
covid-19 vaccination record
covid prevention and treatment
testing sites


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














february is national children’s dental health monthfebruary is national children’s dental health month and a perfect time to make your child’s dental appointment. with proper care and regular dental visits, it is possible for children to reach adulthood without experiencing tooth decay but prevention is key. call 815-774-7300 to schedule an appointment.















i would like to...
make a covid-19 vaccination appointment
apply for a job
get a birth or death certificate
request a foia [freedom of information act]
obtain well & septic information
report a concern regarding food establishments, swimming or body art facilities, or problems with sewage and wells
learn about all the programs and services that the health department offers






will county health department & community health center
programs & services
the will county health department and community health center’s mission is to promote and protect the health of will county through equitable policies and programs tailored to the needs of the community, ensuring optimal social, mental, and physical well-being for all.
our vision is to deliver sustainable programs and policies in response to the public health needs of the community.









community health center
providing safe, quality, efficient and affordable health care to adults, children and adolescents in will county.
learn more

behavioral health
providing behavioral health services to adults, children and adolescents who are will county residents.
learn more

family health services
providing education, health services, programs and support for families in will county.
learn more

environmental health
ensuring the environmental safety of will county residents through education, analysis and environmental inspections.
read more

emergency preparedness
wchd emergency preparedness & response program works with many federal, state and local governments and private agencies to provide a quick response to potential public health emergencies. 
read more

mapp
will county mobilizing for action through planning and partnerships.
learn more.








public announcements






board of health meeting
the will county board of health will hold its regular meeting on february 19, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. the meeting will be held in person at 501 ella ave, (joliet, il 60433) in conference room 1005a/1005b consultations.
view agenda.


infectious disease clinic is latest service at community health center
the will county community health center has added an infectious disease (id) clinic to its list of medical services available to the public. the id clinic has partnered with the care clinic and specializes in the treatment of sexually transmitted infections (sti) and hiv care while also offering general infectious disease consultations.
read more.


wchd closed on 2/17/25
the will county health department and community health center will be closed at all locations on monday, february 17th in observation of presidents day. normal business hours will resume on tuesday, february 18th.
 


safety information on the avian flu
read the latest safety information from the illinois department of natural resources and the illinois department of public health about the avian flu. included are safety tips for the disposal of dead birds and safety tips for hunters.
learn more.



will county warming centers
with temperatures dropping and sub-zero wind chills being forecasted, here is a link to will county's warming centers provided by local governments for those having issues with properly heating their homes.
view warming centers


wchd expands behavioral health services at branch offices
the will county health department (wchd) is in the process of expanding mental health services at both its northern branch office in bolingbrook and eastern branch office in monee
read more.


environmental health division newsletter
read the 2025 first quarter newsletter from the will county health department environmental health division.
view newsletter.


2024-25 covid vaccine now available
the will county health department (wchd) is informing residents that the new 2024-2025 covid-19 vaccine is now available at the will county health department immunization clinic.
read more.



listen to our first-ever podcast
the will county health department’s first-ever podcast is now available. listen to members of our all our kids (aok) network discuss early childhood mental health.


narcan distribution box added at veterans assistance commission
the will county health department has added a red naloxone distribution box at the veterans assistance commission of will county located at 2400 glenwood ave. (suite 110) in joliet.
read more.


wchd to open new milk depot in joliet
mothers’ milk bank of the western great lakes and the will county health department have partnered to bring a new human milk drop-off depot to joliet, illinois. this joint effort increases access for approved donors and families in the area to donate lifesaving, critical nutrition for pediatric patients in need. the grand opening will be on august 9, 2024.
learn more.



learn about the wchd’s medical reserve corps
the will county health department’s medical reserve corps is actively recruiting new members. view the video above to learn more about the medical reserve corps.




medication disposal box added at community health center
the genoa healthcare pharmacy located inside the will county community health center has added a medication disposal bin for expired or unused medication.
read more.


food safety for the big game
the usda has some tips to keep your food safe on super bowl sunday.
read more.


food recall on braga fresh broccoli florets
braga fresh is voluntarily issuing a precautionary advisory of a single production lot of washed and ready-to-eat 12oz marketside broccoli florets with best if used by date dec 10, 2024. consumers who froze this item for later use should not consume and discard the product.
read more.


will county health department celebrating five years of iris referral network
the will county health department’s all our kids (aok) early childhood network is celebrating the fifth anniversary of the integrated referral and intake system (iris) network.
read more.


new year’s wellness
self care tips for the new year!make taking care of mental health one of your resolutions for the new year! here’s some simple tips from the will county health department behavioral health staff on how you can practice self care in 2025. if you need some help, call our behavioral health division at 815-727-8521


protect yourself from norovirus
the will county health department is reminding residents about precautions they can take to prevent the spread of norovirus.
learn more.


food recall on select boar’s head products
boar's head provisions co., inc., a jarratt, va., establishment, is recalling all liverwurst product produced by the establishment that is currently available in commerce because it may be adulterated with listeria monocytogenes. the company is also recalling additional deli meat products that were produced on the same line and on the same day as the liverwurst and, therefore, may be adulterated with l. monocytogenes.
learn more.


tb testing now available at wchd branch offices
the will county health department and will county’s sunny hill tuberculosis clinic have announced a new collaboration to expand tuberculosis (tb) testing availability to will county residents. the expanded testing services are now available at the will county health department’s branch offices in monee and bolingbrook, along with the existing joliet location at the will county health department’s main office.
read more.


primary care medical services now available at eastern branch office
the will county community health center is now offering primary care medical services out of the will county health department’s eastern branch office in monee.
learn more


have you tested your well water?
even if you’ve never gotten sick from your well water, it is your responsibility to properly maintain your well and regularly test it to ensure you have safe drinking water. see the fact sheet on well testing from the idph.
our environmental health lab can test for bacteria and nitrate well also testing chlorine, fluoride and hardness.
learn more about our eh lab here.



become a health hero with the medical reserve corps!
you can become a community health hero by joining the will county health department’s medical reserve corps. view the video above to learn more.


2023 wchd annual report
the will county health department’s 2023 annual report is now available.
read the report







will county health department  & community health center locations
click on your location below to view services and hours.







joliet, il - main office





community health center - joliet





mobile dental unit







sunny hill tuberculosis clinic





monee, il - eastern branch





bolingbrook, il - northern branch



 







 health department
815-727-8480
community health center
815-727-8670

contact us
faqs
locations
news and events
 






facebook




x


copyright © 2020 by will county health department and community health center | design by moatzart 









 
 
















