




jerry's bait & tackle | fishing | archery | indoor range | seasoned archers & fishermen have come to trust and rely on jerry's	







































jerry's bait & tackle | fishing | archery | indoor range


seasoned archers & fishermen have come to trust and rely on jerry's
 

skip to content

homefishing

ice fishing gear and information
fishing faqs


archery

indoor archery league
archery accessories
specials & overstocks
archery faqs


black powder
buck knives
contact / about us
news / announcements

home










welcome

we are a full service fishing pro-shop. bait, tackle, with line winding to 80 pound. poles, reels and more. full service archery pro-shop, hoyt, browning, martin, and pse.  6 lane x 20 yard indoor ranges, archery league.  and with nearly 5,000 square feet of space between 2-floors, you are sure to find what you like and/or need.
at jerry’s bait & tackle we want to make sure you have everything you need to have fun out on the lake, on the river or out in the woods; that is why we offer all the latest in hunting and fishing products from today’s top manufactures.
as time allows, we will be adding faq’s and instructional videos for both fishing and archery. if there is a subject you would like us to cover, please feel free to leave a message at the bottom of the fishing or archery faq page. we will do our best to answer you as promptly as possible.
we offer complete archery repair service that keeps the novice & the seasoned pro “on target”. it would be our pleasure to assist you with modifying and/or repairing all of your new and used bows and archery equipment.
we’d like to take a moment to thank our customers for their kind words:
chris ‎ – jul 27, 2011
jerry and the people who work there are top notch pros who will always sell you what you need, answer all questions correctly unlike a certain other bass store. i don’t mind the mom and pop store pricing small outfits tend to charge a few bucks more but its always worth it for accurate information and advice.
feb 21, 2010
very nice guy bring your kid he will give him/her an extra minnow per dozen. gives good advice and you can normally find other anglers that will tell you good spots to fish. great prices for fishing gear.
drew ‎ – jan 17, 2010
outstanding shop! great hunting and fishing community too. this is more than a bait and tackle shop. this is a community of fishermen and hunters. besides the wide selection of archery and fishing gear there is also an assortment of live bait as well as a 6 lane archery shooting range. the archery league, run by the owner, is fun and a great way to meet other archery and hunting folks. you might save a few bucks at basspro, but nobody will give you any better service or support anywhere.
mark ‎ – sep 28, 2009
great shop this is a great shop, his bows are a little pricey, but they are a lot better then anything that you would get a basspro. he serviced my bow, and it shoots great.
all of the above comments are reprints of the originals posted here
if you could take a moment and leave us a comment, we would greatly appreciate it.




google+








jerry’s bait & tackle 22 brag slip
milford, ma 01757
p: 508-473-9748
store hours
mon…8am-7pm
tue….8am-7pm
wed…8am-7pm
thu….8am-7pm
fri……8am-7pm
sat…..8am-5pm
sun….8am-2pm


follow jerry’s b&t!

search for:



 






					jerry's bait & tackle | fishing | archery | indoor range				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				











