












home - sensible colorado

























































 



 






navigationhometake actionemail colorado elected officialsa64 local government action centersupport sensible coloradovolunteersensible eventsstay informedresource centeramendment 64 faqamendment 64 faq (español)medical marijuana patient faqmarijuana economicshistory of colorado’s marijuana lawsco medical marijuana legal guideco medical marijuana legislationthe facts about legal marijuana in coloradothe teamaccomplishmentsstaffalliesmissionprivacy policynews roomsensible newsarticlespress kitcontact us 


home
take action

email colorado elected officials
a64 local government action center
support sensible colorado
volunteer
sensible events
stay informed


resource center

amendment 64 faq
amendment 64 faq (español)
medical marijuana patient faq
marijuana economics
history of colorado’s marijuana laws
co medical marijuana legal guide
co medical marijuana legislation
the facts about legal marijuana in colorado


the team

accomplishments
staff
allies
mission
privacy policy


news room

sensible news
articles
press kit


contact us
 






 



 










 





 





 





 












 

















making marijuana reform work since 2004
sensible colorado has the been the leader in:
1. fighting for medical marijuana patient rights — in the courtroom, the capitol, and the streets
2. establishing colorado’s nationally-acclaimed medical marijuana distribution system
3. passing sensible marijuana laws to benefit all coloradans 21 and over
4. spearheading the 2012 legalization campaign, to make colorado the first state to regulate marijuana like alcohol
support the cause

patient resource center

you have questions, sensible colorado has answers. we have a complete frequently asked questions section for patients, caregivers, and business members. try it today!
get the details

introducing the proudpatient.org project

sensible colorado launched proudpatient.org to encourage patients to speak with their community members, families, friends and the public about how cannabis helps with their debilitating health condition.
we believe that by encouraging medical marijuana patients to “go public”, we will help humanize the issue of medical marijuana and broaden society’s understanding of patient’s needs and rights. by familiarizing the public with patients, we can build support for positive legislation, help overturn local bans, and introduce this valuable medicine to new patients.
get the details
 


help us implement amendment 64! support us now

 
stay informed 
e-mail address* :

first name :

last name :

zip code :







 














(c) 2013 sensible colorado






 













