










			             center for archaeological research | college of liberal and fine arts | utsa | university of texas at san antonio

		














skip to main content













 myutsa




search


search


























programs

undergraduate
master's programs
doctoral programs
certificate programs



faculty

faculty
resources



research

research
research centers
faculty research projects
research conference and showcase
digital initiatives



disciplines

department of anthropology
school of art
department of communication
department of english
department of history
interdisciplinary school for engagement
department of modern languages and literatures
school of music
department of philosophy and classics
department of political science and geography



student success

student success center
internships 
study abroad/away
scholarships 
dean's student advisory council 
resources 
second language experience 



news & events

news
events



about

contact us
giving to colfa
leadership and staff
business service center  



request info 
visit 
apply 












request info
visit
apply


























center for archaeological research












home
â /â 
center for archaeological research












welcome to the center for archaeological research (car)-celebrating 50 years of service!
the center for archaeological research (car), a research facility within the college of liberal and fine arts at the university of texas at san antonio (utsa), was established in september 1974. as an organized research unit, car’s main objectives are: (1) to conduct archaeological research, primarily in texas; (2) to carry out archaeological surveys and excavations for federal, state, and local agencies as required by legislation and executive order; (3) to provide public and private sector assistance and advice regarding cultural resource management; (4) to provide student training in archaeology through field and laboratory work, and publication; and, (5) disseminate to the general public information about local, regional, and state archaeology and history.
 many car projects involve archaeological and historical studies needed by federal agencies, city and county governments, engineers, architects, planning commissions, and other firms and agencies. such investigations are often required by the texas historical commission in compliance with the national historic preservation act and the antiquities code of texas. car’s archaeological laboratory has complete facilities for processing artifact collections. the laboratory is a certified curatorial repository designated by the texas historical commission. car is involved in many community outreach programs in the san antonio area. car’s legacy program provides hands-on learning opportunities for area primary and secondary school groups. through providing such essential public service, research, and training, car plays an important role at utsa, the san antonio community, and south texas.




congratulations to david burns, amber hefner and brooke salzman, car staff for receiving their mas in anthropology from utsa; to work-study joel munayco and car intern brandon finn for receiving their undergraduate degrees this december!



check out recent articles authored or co-authored by staff members!


would you like to receive our quarterly newsletter? please send us an email at car@utsa.edu and let us know!






car staff members michelle carpenter, peggy wall, sarah wigley, and leonard kemp (left to right in the above photo) presented posters at the recent texas archeological society (tas) meeting in victoria, texas on october 26, 2024. peggy’s poster, “the center for archaeological research (car) celebrates 50 years of service!” by peggy wall and clinton m.m. mckenzie and michelle’s “the legacy outreach program through the ages”  by michelle carpenter, call attention to car’s mission of research, cultural resources management, curation, and outreach over the last 50 years. leonard and sarah presented posters highlighting recent discoveries at lyndon b. johnson national historical park: “archaeological investigations at lyndon b. johnson national historical park, gillespie county, texas” by l. kemp, s. wigley, j. perez, and r. mauldin and “xrf analysis of feature 16 at lyndon b johnson national historic park” by sarah wigley, leonard kemp, jason perez, raymond mauldin, alexis godet and dianna price. car’s fifth poster was entitled “twenty-five years at camp(s) (camps maxey, bowey, and swift)” by cynthia munoz, michelle carpenter, brooke salzman, and raymond mauldin.




 
stay connected to car...
on facebook! and instagram!
        
...and legacy: hands on the past!
on facebook!












center for archaeological research



about car





about car

timeline

contact us

student blog

travel log




sponsored projects





sponsored projects

olmos dam site

loma sandia site

faqs




research





research

publications

paleo-research laboratory

understanding site formation processes

map of san pedro springs park

baker cave rehabilitation

building spanish colonial texas

the lost peacock site

san antonio river basin population

san fernando burial records





san antonio de valero burial records




articles



staff





staff




curation





curation

standards, procedures, and forms

scope of collections

collections by county

curation costs




missions





missions

mission concepciã³n

mission san juan capistrano

mission san jose y san miguel aguayo




legacy





legacy

classroom opportunities

legacy camps

maps and directions

volunteer opportunities




volunteer opportunities





volunteer opportunities





resources


request info 
visit 
apply 



















recent news
view all news stories 








may 15, 2023
car legacy summer camps!
car legacy is running four summer camps for children ages 9-13 at the center for archaeological research on utsa's 1604 campus! 













have an inquiry about car?




we appreciate your interest in the center for archaeological research and extend our warmest welcome to you!




contact us 














become a
roadrunner



request information 


visit campus 


apply now 
















one utsa circle
san antonio, tx 78249
(210) 458-4350
colfastudents@utsa.edu




stay connected to the college of liberal and fine arts


  
  
  
  

vision
utsa's college of liberal and fine arts will become an internationally recognized college providing the core intellectual experience that prepares students for their role as responsible citizens in a free society.
mission
the college of liberal and fine arts will meet the needs of the diverse population of texas through quality research and creative work, exemplary teaching, and professional contributions to the community.






   back to top














one utsa circle san antonio, tx 78249
information 210-458-4011















locations


visit utsa


utsa today


jobs


emergency contacts








directory


report
                                    fraud


title ix
                                    reporting


ada resources


clery information








roadrunner
                                    remembrance


counseling/mental health


cares act reports & disclosure


sexual
                                    harassment and sexual misconduct policy















â©2025 the university of texas at san antonio






policies


web
                                    accessibility


required
                                    links


ut system















