


seattle eye doctor: eye exams, eye glasses, optometrist
















523 pine street, suite 200
  seattle, wa 98101

clinic (206) 652-9000
          fax (206) 381-1732
          optical (206) 267-9500









































downtown seattle's eye care & eyewear center

since 1999, we've been dedicated to helping you see better.  seattle eye m.d.s is now
seattle eye.  please visit our new website.  this website is maintained only for archival purposes.
seattle eye is a comprehensive eye care and eyewear center  in downtown seattle at sixth & pine. our staff is committed to providing our
          patients and customers with the highest level of service in both our
          clinic and optical shop.  we offer one-stop convenience for your eye care and eye wear needs.
 
we
deliver professional vision and eye health care for professionals and their families. our offices are located in the heart of seattle's retail core at sixth and pine. patient referrals from our existing patients and from neighboring eye care professionals are always welcome. we serve patients and customers from all surrounding neighborhoods, including  south lake union that is just  blocks away.

optical boutique 
besides joking that "life's too short to wear ugly glasses", we  take filling your glasses prescription seriously. besides the fashion element, eyeglasses are a medical device and you deserve to enjoy life's best moments with clear vision. to that end, we feature the latest lens technologies to fit your lifestyle and needs. we believe strongly that this is the first and/or last place you should shop for your eyewear. chances are we've got the frames you are looking for. while we're most well-known for our prescription sports vision solutions, we also feature handmade eyewear from independent companies. our optical shop boasts the "best selection" of eyewear in seattle and was voted #4 as a finalist in king 5 evening magazine's best of washington for optical shops in 2012.
we proudly feature boutique luxury independent collections, such as alexander dass, 141, barton perreira, dita, kilsgaard, lindberg, leisure society, moscot,  oliver peoples, salt optics, pro design, zero g, tc charton asian fit eyewear and many others. select licensed designer brands include tom ford, prada, dolce & gabbana, paul frank, persol, ray ban & kate spade. 
we're also known for the largest selection of oakley, maui jim, rudy project, smith,  kaenon, mosley tribes and aviator sunglasses collections in the northwest to serve our active seattle lifestyle customers and patients. we are prescription sunglasses specialists. new arrivals include costa del mar sunglasses, vuarnet, julbo sunglasses and zeal optics. stop in to browse our selection or let us fit and style you. we love a challenge and stock frames to solve difficult fittings, such as narrow, wide and low bridge, high cheekbone faces.

patient
registration forms
save time
and make your visit more efficient by completing these registration
forms prior to your appointment. files are available in adobe pdf
format.
new
              patients -
              download two forms:
              1) new patient information
2) patient past
    medical history
existing
              patients
              if your address and insurance information has not changed, only
              download and update the 
past medical history
    form.
if you
              have a change of address or insurance, please inform our staff when you
              arrive for your appointment.
as
              required by hipaa as of 4/14/03, our notice
                of privacy policies are now online.  (also available in pdf
              format or you may request a paper copy).
more clinic info >

our offices are conveniently located downtown across the street from nordstrom, the metro bus tunnel at westlake center, and pacific place. 




seattle eye optical shop premium eyewear selection


map and directions to our
            dowtown seattle location

 

meet our independent optometrist: 
  benjamin d. crowell, o.d., f.a.a.o.


  a native of the southeast, dr. crowell has worked 15 years in the eye care industry, beginning his  career as a certified optician for six years prior to attending optometry school where he  graduated with professional and academic honors. 
he also trained at the prestigious bascom palmer eye institute before completing a residency program at the veteran's administration hospital in salisbury, north carolina, where he also supervised and taught optometry students. after a few years of private practice on the east coast, dr. crowell relocated to the northwest in 2013. dr. crowell is now an independent optometrist at seattle eye.

your vision is our focus

chronic computer use can cause a variety of eye related problems. we can help solve these problems:
headaches
dry eyes
computer vision syndrome
gunnar digital eyewear (computer vision glasses) - designed especially for computer use and gaming.

buy premium sunglasses online from our sister store: 
seattle sunglass company


 





 



 
  
  web 
www.eyemds.net 
 




©1999-2013
seattle eye m.d.s
seattle eye m.d.s, 's' eye logo, "the future of eyewear and eyecare",
and "your vision is our focus" are trademarks of seattle eye m.d.s.
all rights reserved. other trademarks are those of their respective
owners.

career opportunities


 




