



lotus biscoff | cookies, cookie butter, and ice cream
















































      skip to main content
    













      corporate
  



      contact
  



      jobs
  



      sustainability
  





international - english





consumer
professional


















      mobile menu expand icon
    













      home
  



      about us
  



      products
  



      store locator
  



      recipes
  









      corporate
  



      contact
  



      jobs
  



      sustainability
  







international - english





consumer
professional




























unique taste. crunchy like no other.



        
    
                  lotus biscoff is a small cookie with a unique taste and crunchiness. 
there's a lot to share about this cookie--and even more to enjoy!
          
  



      shop now
  


























  














how can a small cookie taste so great?

the story of lotus biscoff starts in 1932 in a local bakery in lembeke, a belgian town. the unique recipe was brought to perfection with carefully selected natural ingredients. today, lotus bakeries is still family-owned and based in its home town. and from there, the tasty cookie continues to conquer the world.








the secret oflotus biscoff?


it all comes down to 3 simple things: its unique flavor, crunchy bite, and iconic shape. for many, it's their cup of coffee's best companion. for others, it's an irresistible treat on its own.


















no one can resist the taste of lotus biscoff. can you?

it's amazing how big the appeal of a small cookie can be. no one can resist the unique taste and crunchiness of lotus biscoff. not even a simple cup. and that’s just the beginning. watch what happens next!











      you haven't given us your required cookie permissions yet.
please accept essential cookies to view this content.
    
show content












a unique flavor with even more ways to enjoy it!










   









  lotus biscoff cookie butter 












   









  lotus biscoff ice cream bars





















  
    
      copyright @ 2025 lotus bakeries
  




      terms and conditions
  



      privacy policy
  










