




distance learning courses and adult education - the open university












































































skip to content
         

























0cr
            












sign in|
sign out|

my account
|


studenthome
|


tutorhome
|


intranethome
|

contact the oucontact the oucontact the ou|
accessibility hubaccessibility hub

search the ou







courses


postgraduate


international


research


about


news & media


business & apprenticeships













accessibility statement







←


→


                                play/pause slide show
                            






















































































the future is open with the open university



                                        gain a career-boosting qualification with the experts in supported distance learning. earn while you learn with flexible online courses designed to fit around busy lives and expert tutor support every step of the way. it’s time to unlock possibilities you didn’t dream possible.
                                    


find your course
















search for a course






undergraduate



postgraduate







find courses


enter a keyword to narrow your search
search term cannot contain more than 100 characters



























browse our courses

                                            choose from over 200 qualifications and 400 modules.            
                                                                       
                                                       
                                        







boost your career
86% of our alumni say that study with us helped them achieve their career goals.







distance learning
three quarters of our students study alongside work. our teaching fits around you.







funding your studies

                                            80% of our students pay for their course with a student loan.          
                                                                     
                                        




















make 2025 the year you change your life

                                        ou study can open doors to a new career, new confidence and the future you’ve always dreamed of. it’s time to prove what you’re capable of.
                                    

                                        start your degree in 2025 and get all the support you need to achieve your goals.
                                    
find your perfect course







                                    the future is open
                                


                                the future is unpredictable, but it’s still yours for the taking with flexible study that means you can learn while you earn. keeping your options open.
                            

















ask a student
chat with our students to discover what studying with us is really like.










looking to train your staff?



free learning




news from the ou



 read more news








ou research impact

                                        our research transforms lives across the four nations and globally. we take a challenge-led and open approach to research and driving real world change across the themes of sustainability, tackling inequalities and living well.
                                    

find out more about our research and the new open societal challenges research platform 



















ask a student
chat with our students to discover what studying with us is really like.











statement on equality and diversity

                                    the  ou was founded to open up higher education to all, regardless of background or circumstances.
                                    our mission is to be open to people, places,
                                    methods and ideas—and as such, equality and diversity are at the
                                    heart of everything we do. 

                                        our continued dedication to social justice
                                        and equality of opportunity is embodied in our vision and principles:
                                    


our vision of a fair and just society

                                        we are creating an inclusive university community and a society where:
                                    
people are treated with dignity and respect
inequalities are challenged
we anticipate, and respond positively to, different needs and circumstances so that everyone can achieve their potential


our equality and diversity principles


we value diversity and we recognise that different people bring different perspectives, ideas, knowledge and culture, and that this difference brings great strength.
we believe that discrimination or exclusion based on individual characteristics and circumstances, such as age; disability; caring or dependency responsibilities; gender or gender identity; marriage and civil partnership status; political opinion; pregnancy and maternity; race, colour, caste, nationality, ethnic or national origin; religion or belief; sex; sexual orientation; socio-economic background; trade union membership status or other distinctions, represents a waste of talent and a denial of opportunity for self-fulfilment.
we recognise that patterns of under-representation and differences in outcomes at the open university can be challenged through positive action programmes.
we respect the rights of individuals, including the right to hold different views and beliefs. we will not allow these differences to be manifested in a way that is hostile or degrading to others.
we expect commitment and involvement from all our staff, students, partners and providers of goods and services in working towards the achievement of our vision.


to read our equality scheme in the full or abbreviated version, or to find out more about equality and diversity at the open university, visit the equality and diversity website.
you can also read our anti-racism and anti-discrimination statements.

read more about equality and diversity













the open university




explore






study with us


work with us


supported distance learning


funding your studies


international students


global reputation


sustainability


business


apprenticeships


develop your workforce


research


news & media


contact the ou





undergraduate






accounting


arts and humanities


art history


biology


business and management


chemistry


combined studies


computing and it


counselling


creative arts


creative writing


criminology


design


early years


economics


education


electronic engineering


engineering


english


environment


film and media


geography


health and social care


health and wellbeing


health sciences


history


international studies


languages


law


marketing


mathematics


mental health


music


nursing and healthcare


philosophy


physics


politics


psychology


religious studies


science


social sciences


social work


sociology


software engineering


sport and fitness


statistics





postgraduate






postgraduate study


research degrees


masters in social work (ma)


masters in economics (msc)


masters in creative writing (ma)


masters in education (ma/med)


masters in engineering (msc)


masters in english literature (ma)


masters in history (ma)


masters in international relations (ma)


masters in finance (msc)


masters in cyber security (msc)


masters in psychology (msc)


mba


a to z of masters degrees





policy






ou accessibility statement


cymraeg


conditions of use


privacy policy


cookie policy


manage cookie preferences


modern slavery act (pdf 149kb)


copyright










follow us on social media











































ou accessibility statement


conditions of use


copyright


cymraeg








privacy policy


cookie policy


manage cookie preferences



                      student policies and regulations
                    











                      student charter
                    



                      system status
                    










contact the ou
contact the ou


work with us


ou accessibility statement


cymraeg


conditions of use


privacy policy


cookie policy


manage cookie preferences


modern slavery act (pdf 149kb)


copyright






                ©.. .





















