ï»¿





parks & recreation management | geography, planning & recreation



















































































expand navigation



sbs 



                    geography, planning & recreation
                 


virtual visit
request info
apply


menumenudegrees & certificates

overview

careersgeography & planningparks & recreation management 

gsp & prm programs

geographic science & planning (gsp)

gsp degrees & certificatesgsp student resourcesabout gsp 
parks & recreation management (prm) >>

prm degrees and programsprm student resourcesabout prm 
park ranger training program (prtp) >>
people

directorygsp facultyprm faculty
resources

scholarshipsgpr researchfinancial aidgis lab
give

give now
about

connectcareers & alumni spotlight













nau





sbs





geography, planning & recreation



parks and recreation management
















contact parks and recreation management





email:

geog​@nau.edu




call:

928-523-2650





apply to nau













                        prm links tab open









prm links accordion open





prm faculty
prm curriculum resources
careers in prm
prm student portfolio









scholarships
ease your tuition bill by applying for theseâ scholarships.







calendar
keep track of important gpr events, dates, and faculty office hours with our google calendar.






connect with us...
 facebook
 youtube
 twitter


parks and recreation management
welcome to the parks and recreation management program
northern arizona university has been offering bachelor of science degrees in recreation since 1961. we offered our online parks and recreation management (prm) certificate in 2001 and the first accredited online bachelor of science degree in parks and recreation management in 2003. additionally, the prm program has offered a masters of science degree in parks and recreation since 2018. the prm faculty have continually demonstrated a commitment to providing a unique, diverse and innovative student centered educational experience. the parks and recreation management program is located in the geography, planning and recreation department, a unit within the college of social and behavioral sciences.

the prm program is accredited by theâ council on accreditation of parks, recreation, tourism and related professions (coaprt) and is a member of the national recreation and park associationâ (nrpa). annual learning objective reports regarding our assessment and accreditation are located in our “about prm web page”.

 








department of geography, planning and recreation







location
room 201  building 70
social and behavioral sciences west
19 w mcconnell drive
flagstaff, az 86011


mailing address
po box 15016
flagstaff, az 86011




                        contact form
                        








email
geog@nau.edu


phone
928-523-2650






social media



facebook



instagram












 













