







pact - an adoption alliance - adopted children of color & families

























































 








contact
donate
shop

0 items
 












for families

pact family camp

the pact family camp experience
who comes to pact family camp
camp fees & registration


adoptive parents of color

programs
family album
apcc team


family gatherings
center for race & adoption focused therapy

about center for race and adoption focused therapy
therapy fees
therapy staff




for youth

youth clubs
pact family camp

the pact family camp experience
who comes to pact family camp
camp fees & registration


center for race & adoption focused therapy

about center for race and adoption focused therapy
therapy fees
therapy staff




for adults

lifelong learning

webinars and trainings
conferences


adoptive parents of color collaborative

programs
family album
apcc team


consultations

pact consultations
consultation fees
pact adoption consultants


support groups

adult adoptees & former foster youth of color
adoptive parents of color
first/birth family
transracial adoptive parents
adoptive parents of teens & young adults
lgbtq adoptive parents




adoption services

placing a child for adoption

frequently asked questions
know your rights
placement staff
families ready to adopt


adopting a child

steps
placement program fees
pact’s beliefs
lgbtq+ parents
faqs
placement staff


adoption professionals

professional development




events

events calendar


resources

publications and videos


membership

benefits of joining pact
membership types & dues


 





select page


  
 



 



 












pact is a different kind of adoption organization

we serve adopted children of color and their families. 

give to pact












honest • child-centered • anti-racistlifelong education, support, and community for adoptees of color and the people who love them.







news





pact is hiring!
are you passionate about promoting an ethical, child-centered, anti-racist approach to domestic infant adoption and post-adoption services? join our team providing compassionate care to adopted bipoc children and their families.
pact is currently seeking outstanding social workers and therapists to work in our adoption agency and our center for race & adoption focused therapy.
click button below for job descriptions and application instructions.
 









learn more







adopted youth & adults of color
on the lifelong journey of adoption, pact is here for you. pact provides adoptees of color—youth and adults—with support and community. we offer counseling, youth clubs, family camps, adult support groups, and mentoring opportunities. we believe that adoptees are the experts on the experience of being adopted.

pact youth clubs

adoptees of color support group







pregnant/​​expectant parents
we provide anyone facing an unplanned pregnancy with honest, compassionate counseling. we encourage you to explore all your options. if you decide adoption is right for your baby, we can connect you with parents of color who are qualified, prepared, and eager to adopt a child of color.

expectant parent counseling





first/birth family members
birth/first parents are valued members of our pact community and our staff. you are welcome in our support groups, counseling services, family camps, and educational programs. pact rejects the stigma associated with relinquishing a child. we believe you are important to your child.

first/birth families support group







adoptive parents of color
yes, we do adopt! disrupting racist adoption practices that center the needs of white people, pact actively seeks out and supports people of color who are considering adopting, and we provide education and support designed specifically for adoptive parents of color. will you join our vibrant community?

adoptive parents of color collaborative





transracial adoptive parents
if you are adopting, or already parenting, across racial lines, pact can coach you on specific strategies for nurturing your child’s racial identity. if you are white, we can help you recognize personal and systemic racism, learn how racism will impact your child, and become an anti-racist parent.

transracial adoption support














pact family camps
pact family camps are weeklong summer retreats where adopted children of color and their families share life-changing experiences and build community while learning from experts and from one another about adoption, race, and identity.

family camps









pact youth clubs
pact’s tween & teen clubs connect adopted and fostered youth of color with peers who get them. we have a lot of fun times and deep talks! club members are mentored by adult adoptees and other mentors of color as they explore adoption, race, family and identity.

youth clubs









lifelong learning
education about adoption, race, identity and family is at the heart of pact’s mission, because educated individuals change lives and change the world. offerings include webinars, conferences and family days.

webinars and conferences








support groups








adopted adults of color
a group exclusively for adoptees and former foster youth of color. you can be you in all your beautiful complexity.



adopted adults of color






first/birth families
a group for parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts and uncles by birth of children placed for adoption.



first/birth parents






adoptive parents of color
a space for adoptive parents of color to build community, receive support, and reflect on our shared experiences.



bipoc adoptive parents (all ages & stages)

bipoc adoptive parents of teens & young adults








transracial adoptive parents
a “brave space” to build community and have honest, race-conscious conversations about the joys and challenges of transracial adoption.



transracial adoptive parents (all ages & stages)

transracial adoptive parents of teens & young adults






adoptive/foster parents of teens & young adults
connect with others parenting older children and young adults to discuss the challenges and transitions your families are facing.



bipoc adoptive parents of teens & young adults

transracial adoptive parents of teens & young adults






lgbtq+ adoptive parents
a safe space for lgbtq+ parents to find community and talk about the joys and challenges of adoptive and foster parenting children of color, and intersections with our own queer identities.



lgbtq+ adoptive parents








consultations








parenting tune-ups
expert advice and support for adoptive parents with children of all ages, on any issues related to parenting, adoption and/or race.



parenting consultations






search & reunion
helping adoptees and/or parents (birth or adoptive) find one another and open closed adoptions.



search/reunion consultations






transracial parenting
should you adopt across racial lines? how can you be a better transracial parent?



transracial parenting consultations












center for race and adoption focused therapy
pact offers high-quality therapy services for adopted youth and adults of color and their families. our team of vetted, licensed adoption-sensitive therapists of color understand the intersections of adoption, race, and parenting (ca residents only).



race and adoption focused therapy








placement









pregnant, considering your options?
we provide anyone facing an unplanned pregnancy with honest, balanced, compassionate counseling. we encourage you to explore all your options without pressure. if you decide adoption is right for your baby, we can connect you with parents of color who are qualified, prepared, and eager to adopt a child of color.

explore your options









looking to adopt?
we work with prospective adopters to make sure you are prepared for the complexities and joys of adoption. in our child-centered, ethical, anti-racist adoption practice, we actively seek out and support adoptive parents of color. as a licensed, full-service adoption agency, we work with families from all states.

learn about adopting









professionals looking to collaborate?
pact is a licensed, full-service adoption agency in the state of california and a national thought leader modeling an ethical, anti-racist approach to adoption. we measure our success not by how effectively we help adults, but how effectively we meet the needs of children of color. we always have pre-adoptive parents of color available for children in need of placement.

adoption professionals











support pact 
thank you for helping us sustain our work with and for adopted children of color and their families. we couldn’t do it without you!



give to pact






join pact
learn about the benefits and discounts you receive as a member of pact, the largest national organization supporting adopted children of color and their families.



join pact today



get in touch




name


email address


message




send







 







about pact
staff & board
pact supporters
annual report
donate to pact
 






facebook




instagram


 



































