











florida trend - florida's business authority




















































 






facebook
twitter 
youtube 
linkedin








news
health care
education
real estate
florida 500
movers & influencers
legal elite
business beat
exclusives











subscribe
news alerts
 
news
health care
education
real estate
florida 500
movers & influencers
legal elite
business beat
sponsored reports
news releases
 
business florida
florida small business
florida next
 

350 biggest companies
best companies
nonprofit
regional portraits
leadership insights
higher education

 
media kit
subscribe
news alerts





subscribe    






best companies to work for
350 biggest companies
leadership insights
florida higher education
business  florida
regional portraits
nonprofit
florida trend's next
florida small business
sponsored reports

















february 16, 2025














movers & influencers

	personal promotions, transfers, board appointments, civic accomplishments and philanthropic activities for the week of february 10, 2025.







last chance to register: best companies to work for in florida

	last chance! applications close in just 3 days! stand out as one of the best workplaces in florida—your team deserves this recognition. sign up now: https://bestcompaniesfla.com/. deadline: feb. 14, 2025 







florida icon: alzo j. reddick

	meet florida trend's february icon  alzo j. reddick: "when i tell you something, if you’ve got any money to bet, bet that i’m telling you the truth."







viewpoints: mary mayhew, president/ceo, florida hospital association

	mary mayhew, president and ceo of the florida hospital association, details her organization's primary focus, lists some of the association's areas of advocacy and explains how "data-informed decision-making" is crucial to fha's efforts.







agriculture's ‘silicon valley'

	florida's agricultural sector is embracing artificial intelligence to tackle industry challenges and revolutionize farming.







we're going to figure this out

	city and county officials across florida share how they're helping communities adapt to climate change and sea level rise.







the biggest landowner

	taxpayers own more of florida than anyone — and they're hungry for more.







florida small business 2025

	florida small business, published by florida trend, is a comprehensive resource for entrepreneurs starting, growing and expanding their businesses in florida.







biggest landowners: land lords

	what do a church, a power company and a fertilizer have in common? they're among florida's leading private landowners.







viewpoints: aligning resources for the future of southwest florida

	dr. jeff allbritten, president of florida southwestern state college, expands on his institution's role in regional economic development.







florida's top 10 private landowners

	a roundup of the top 10 private landowners in the sunshine state






<
>







florida business news



the evolving office

nearly five years after the covid-19 pandemic sent most office workers home, reports about the death of office space appear to be greatly exaggerated.
tech job salaries on the rise in the south, including florida 
the average tech salary in the state reached $116,939 last year. compensation in florida was up 12.1% year-over year, making it the only state to achieve double-digit growth.
lawmakers say no ‘bailouts' for condo owners 
with the legislature discussing potential changes in condo laws, leaders working on the issue say new proposals won’t involve direct financial assistance.
 florida dept. of corrections head says ot costs are becoming a serious problem 
florida’s prison population has increased by about 8,000 inmates since 2021 with no corresponding increase in staff, meaning that correctional officers are working more overtime hours than ever before. 
citrus projection squeezed again 
the u.s. department of agriculture released a report projecting that florida will produce 11.5 million boxes of oranges, down from a january projection of 12 million boxes.
read more florida business stories



who said that?

we don’t make anyone do anything, but he thanked us a million times.








florida has the worst passing rate on national nursing exam in the country, but it's improving



nih funding cap threatens medical research at florida universities





new bill would crack down on corporations buying florida homes



sunshine state officials embrace sustainability













for subscribers
read the february issue »
access an issue 





florida trend magazine
· last month's issue
· subscribe now!
· buy a single issue
· get digital access







florida news releases
florida trend video pick



animals at the florida aquarium are celebrating valentine's day




residents are enjoying festive treats and activities for the holiday.
 
 
video picks | 
     viewpoints@floridatrend


ballot box


how do you rate the importance of childhood vaccinations?




 extremely important
 very important
 somewhat important
 not very important
 not important at all


vote








see results











about us
contact us
site map
circulation services



advertise
terms & conditions
	privacy policy

florida trend media company801 third street southst petersburg, fl 33701727.821.5800










free news alertsstay on top of florida business by signing up for any of our free enewsletters. they are easy to read on any device, and always filled with timely news, insights and analysis.



subscribe and get a free gift!now you can read florida trend anytime and anywhere.  subscribe today for the format that suits your lifestyle best: print, digital or all access!



© copyright 2025 trend magazines inc. all rights reserved.









