ï»¿




dr. bob's animal health site 











 


dr. bob's animal health and information  site

 








return to main page
dr. bob's
original articles
newsletter archives






dr. bob's mini biography


		  article in fall 2017 vallejo magazine


 


 animal sites--comprehensive links
      	
animal health and general sites
cat and dog
          health and disease information
cats
dogs
birds
horses
reptiles
large animal breeds
rabbits


books i have enjoyed
fun reference sites and tools.

search engines



 

cat
        and dog health and disease information

a comprehensive list of links providing information
            on most common diseases and disorders of pet dogs and cats.
detailed client education information on most
            common disease of cats and dogs
updated completed january 25, 2020


predisposition of dog breeds to disease and/or 
congenital conditions


comprehensive listing for most breeds now completed!

zoonotic
        diseases 

a listing of diseases which may be transmitted to
            humans from pets and other animals.

 

welcome to my web site
 below you will find original articles 
		prepared by robert l linville, dvm on pet health and related topics. on this site, you will also 
find a comprehensive group of links for each pet species. these have been 
previewed and only included if the material is accurate and worthwhile at the 
time i viewed the it. you can also find links here to many general 
reference, utility, and search engine sites. read on and enjoy the articles. 

 




what's new:  
starting may 13, 2024 i will be providing 
	  veterinary care at advanced veterinary medical center in el sobrante 
	  california. the web site for that  hosptial is listed below, click to 
	  visit it. at that location we should be 
	  abale to continue to privide high quality care for a variety of pets.
 


 advanced veterinary medical site
	  


 
 updated cat dog health and disease information 
	  april 27, 2024
	  





 
 

cat
        and dog health and disease information

a comprehensive list of links providing information
            on most common diseases and disorders of pet dogs and cats.
detailed client education information on most
            common disease of cats and dogs
updated with complete validated links may 8, 2024


reptilessites


completely updated reptile site with links for lizards, snakes, tortises, and amphibians
 updated may 8, 2024

 



 
 



dr. bob's

articles








original articles



zoonotic diseases - a listing by
    species
predisposition of dog breeds to disease and/or 
congenital conditions--comprehensive list by breed
 preventive health care--physical 
examinations are important.
 lifespan of animals-- this is not a reference
    page, just a collection of some life span data based on longevity records
    and other sources.
handbook of pet bird care  --detailed information 
for bird owners
dietary needs of psittacines--tables of 
nutritional requirements and sources
care and feeding of precocial birds

 wild bird care

new treatment for itching pets--allergy testing 
using blood samples
poison control centers.--list of address and phone 
numbers of centers in the usa
poisonous chemicals and plants

 boarding your pet

proper diet for captive iguanas

diet for box turtles

diet for captive aquatic turtles

diet for captive tortoises.

 




if you know of informative, accurate pet webpages, or have other comments 
about this page, then contact me at
this email. feel free to link my web page 
to your site if you have visitors who are interested in pets.


 
   last updated may 8, 2024









