




home | veterans for peace












 




 




join veterans for peace
renew your membership
donate
search
 
























who we areboard of directors & advisory boardstaffmember highlightsgovernancefinancial reportsemployment opportunitiesendorsements & sponsorshipstatement of purpose2024 online business meeting2024 ballotchapterszinn fundour worknational projectsworking groupstake actiondownloadable resourcesveterans for peace responds to the war in gazamemorial dayremembering the christmas truceclimate crisis & militarism projectsave our vaarmistice dayleave no one behind mural projectdiplomacy not war - peace in ukraine!what is the appeal for redress v2?pressroomdonatedonate to veterans for peacebequeststorevfp statements 
join veterans for peace
renew your membership
donate
search






 


 

 










take action!

join veterans for peace
renew your membership
e-news signup
donate now
chapter contact list
vfp position statements



keep informed















veterans for peace celebrates the gaza ceasefire and pledges to defend it 
veterans for peace joins the people of gaza in rejoicing at the ceasefire that has brought a halt to israel’s bombardment of palestinian children, women and men, and their churches, their mosques, their schools and hospitals. at least 50,000 have been killed in a cold-blooded massacre and over 100,000 injured, many losing their limbs. but the huge smiles on the faces of the children of gaza and their shouts of joy since the ceasefire went into effect were a deeply profound thing to witness.  <full statement>
 

veterans oppose mass deportation and domestic military deployments
 
will support military personnel who question the legality of trump’s ordersveterans for peace strongly objects to the trump administration’s racist campaign of mass deportation of undocumented workers, who are our friends, neighbors and even our fellow veterans.we condemn the violent raids that are sowing fear and terror in communities across the united states.  as veterans, we are particularly opposed to the misuse and abuse of u.s. military personnel, including their illegal deployment to the u.s. border with mexico.  <full statement>
 
the national organization veterans for peace, with chapters in over 100 u.s. cities, is calling on us senators to vote no on pete hegseth for u.s. defense secretary, should president-elect nominate him.
 
pete hegseth is a terrible choice for defense chief – veterans for peaceveterans for peace is astounded that someone with the track record of pete hegseth would seriously be considered for the critically important role of u.s. secretary of defense. his dubious and questionable qualifications are far overshadowed by the many reasons that should disqualify him. these include a well-documented record of misogyny, sexual assault, white supremacy, islamophobia, financial malfeasance, alcoholism, and opposition to va healthcare. are these the qualities we want in our secretary of defense? <full statement>
 
members in action



 

jack gilroy breaks down reality of genocide in gaza to reporters
imagine if broom county had 6,000 bombs dropped on it. these people confined to that tiny strip are undergoing terror from above. <watch> 


check out other highlights about vfp members!

  
vfp action alerts
action alerts: 

g.i.'s tell congress ceasefire!
 
calendar
 
feb 18 - se regional meeting - topic: responding to trump's militarism - speaker:  rory fanning @ 4:30pm pt, 5:30pm mt, 6:30pm ct,  7:30pm et  please email unityact2@aol.com for zoom information

 feb 19 - ccmp's general meeting @ 6 pm et/5 pm ct/4 pm mt/3 pm pt.  please email climate@veteransforpeace.org for zoom information.

feb 27 - vfp democracy and peace working group:   discuss u.s. constitution: pull the curtain @ 7:30pm et.  rsvp here.

mar 11 -  korea peace campaign meeting, 8pm et, 7pm ct, 5pm pt, 3pm ht.  if interested, contact kpc@veteransforpeace.org for zoom information. 

mar 12 - ccmp's steering committee meeting @ 6 pm et/5 pm ct/4 pm mt/3 pm pt.  please email climate@veteransforpeace.org for zoom information.

mar 15 - "what i want you to know"  iraq and afghanistan documentary @ 4pm et.  register here

 mar 19-26 - vfp delegation to nicaragua, for more information contact gerrycondon@veteransforpeace.org

mar 27: vfp democracy and peace working group:  discuss a sheep in wolf's clothing; help! i'm colonized and can't get up!

apr 16-may 11 vietnam tour (vietnam tour announcement)

apr 24: vfp democracy and peace working group:  discuss our corporate elite and the constitution; aipac's war on democracy and capitol hill citizen article and where to from here?

july 25-27 - in person convention at university of nevada, las vegas - more information coming soon
 

vfp in the media


february 11th, 2025
resistance from within: us military members oppose war crimes


february 9th, 2025
trump plan for gaza “worse than ethnic cleansing,” says un human rights expert


january 20th, 2025
people’s march: thousands rally against trump in washington ahead of second inauguration


january 16th, 2025
i realised we’re such hypocrites’: how growing numbers of us veterans were moved to protest over gaza


january 15th, 2025
meet the military vets arrested for disrupting pete hegseth’s senate confirmation hearing



more vfp in the newshelp vfp as you shop by using links below






quick links

join veterans for peace
renew your membership
donate
vehicle donations
vfp bylaws
vfp passed resolutions
request your military service records
store
chapter information
powell's books
 

contact us
veterans for peace3407 s. jefferson ave, #219st. louis mo 63118
vfp@veteransforpeace.org or feedback@veteransforpeace.org(314) 725-6005 (office)(314) 227-1981 (fax) 

affiliates & allies

about face: veterans against the war
courage to resist
gi rights hotline
iraqi student project
military families speak out
the national network opposing the militarization of youth (nnomy)
national priorities project
peace poles for schools
service women's action network (swan)
stop these wars
united national antiwar coalition
vietnam veterans against the war
world beyond war
 


vfp is a 501(c)3 organization.all contributions are tax deductible. 



secret



