




mother bedford - the pennsylvania frontier of the 1700s














 
   welcome to mother bedford, a website devoted primarily to the history of old-bedford county, pennsylvania during the american revolutionary war period.      on these pages you will find not only references to bedford county's role in the american revolutionary war, but also a wealth of information pertaining to private and public life in the pennsylvania frontier of the revolutionary war and colonial periods.






 

  this website is maintained by larry d. smith, historian, registrar and newsletter editor for the frontier patriots chapter, sar, (and a devoted native son of mother bedford).
  there are currently over 3,000 pages on this website. please take your time to look around. i hope you enjoy your visit today, and that you will come back in the future (i'm constantly adding to the site).
  much of the information presented in this website is excerpted from the books, mother bedford and the american revolutionary war, and 150th anniversary history of blair county, pennsylvania, published by closson press. if you are interested in history and want to purchase books on history, please visit their website at (www.clossonpress.com).
  this site should be able to be viewed equally well with internet explorer, mozilla foxfire, google chrome, safari, opera, maxthon cloud, torch, avant and seamonkey. note: certain of the "powder horn" icons provide live links to additional pages. when you hover your cursor over an icon or button, if it changes from an arrow to a pointing finger hand, it is a live link to another page.
  may 2022 note: this website was created twenty-three years ago (1999), and although having since been updated to newer html and css standards, its pages were not made 'responsive' and capable of reducing down to accommodate being read on cellphones due to my busy schedule. for the past seven years i was writing a book (bedford county, pennsylvania ~ two and one-half centuries in the making) and chaired the sestercentennial (250th) anniversary of bedford county, pennsylvania for 2021. with the conclusion of the sestercentennial activities at the end of 2021, i can now foresee being able to update this website. your patience is requested while the changes are being made. 
 


 




   mother bedford refers to a part of the region in south-central pennsylvania which was erected as a county on 09 march 1771 out of lands obtained by treaty from the indians in 1754 and 1768. the region had originally been formed as barree, bedford, colerain and cumberland valley townships within cumberland county (in 1767).
   when bedford county was erected out of cumberland county in 1771, she encompassed the present-day counties of huntingdon, fulton, blair, bedford, cambria, somerset, westmoreland, fayette, washington and greene, along with portions of the present-day counties of centre, indiana, armstrong, allegheny and beaver.
   in 1773 the county of westmoreland was erected out of the western half of bedford. the county which retained the name of ‘bedford’ was left with the region encompasssed by present-day huntingdon, fulton, blair, bedford, cambria and somerset counties. it is that region that is mother bedford.



  mother bedford and the american revolutionary war
  the bedford county resolves
  the battalions
  veterans of mother bedford
  forts
  the engagement of frankstown
  the massacre of philips' rangers
  the tory expedition to kittanning
  hessians buried in bedford county
  the frontier patriots chapter, sar
  the colonel john proctor chapter, dar
  the class tax of 1782
  a time line of the american revolutionary war, noting events in provincial pennsylvania's counties 
  calendars of the american revolutionary war years
  fort bedford's flag
  the liberty pole
  the jersey and other horrors ~ british prison ships
  the articles of association
  patriot flags of the american revolutionary war
  photo gallery ~ evidence of the american revolutionary war in mother bedford
  the music of the 1770s
 rosters of patriots of the american revolutionary war from bedford county
 the authentic muster roll of captain jacob hendershot's company
 the irish, scottish, welsh and ulster-scot patriots
  a chronology of the american revolutionary war
  an ordinance for regulating the cloathing department for the armies of the united states
  the attempt to win over the hessians
  the mutiny of the pennsylvania line
  the pox: ten times more terrible than britons, canadians and indians together
  cannon: a review of artillery of the american revolutionary war
  the black patriots
  john hains' letter ~ from camp at race town june the 24th 1758
  documents of bedford county during the american revolutionary war
  historical documents of the united states of america
  the time that has elapsed since certain revolutionary war events occurred

this website is dedicated to the memory of the native sons of mother bedford who embraced the patriot cause during the american revolutionary war, and to the memory of those patriots who chose to reside in bedford county following the war.

 the early settlers of mother bedford
  the lineage of mother bedford
  the indian occupation of mother bedford
  maps revealing the formation of the townships of bedford county
  the tax assessments of bedford county during the american revolutionary war
  the germans
  the ulster scots
  bedford county everyday life
  everyday life in mother bedford revealed through estate inventories
  the coming of the euro-americans
  the glass tax of 1798
  the celebration of christmas
  the holidays celebrated in colonial america
  the occupations, professions & offices of our colonial ancestors
  patriotism and how the american revolutionary war affected mother bedford
  flag etiquette
  who were the pioneers of bedford county who became americans in the revolutionary war?
  george washington slept here
  the declaration of independence
  the whiskey rebellion
  the sons of liberty & committees of correspondence
  george washington: a memorial on the eve of the 200th anniversary of his death
  the presidency ~ prior to, & including, washington 



  a museum of antiques, historical artifacts, & everyday items
  archived motherbedford blog pages
  united states military history webring home page
  genealogical & historical research in old~bedford county
  scottish lore
  a history of clan muirhead
  heraldry
  a genealogical book of hours
  the sesquicentennial of blair county
  historical societies of mother bedford
  deciphering all the cousins
  the old-greenfield township historical society home page
  links to other sites related to mother bedford & the american revolutionary war
  mother bedford's search page (link to search engines)
  mother bedford webrings page
  mother bedford awards page
  website creation made easy
  mother bedford's virus alert page
  mother bedford's bibliography
  watermarks
  a memorial page
  alchemy ~ and other metaphysical studies
 


   follow this link to the personal home page of larry smith (where you'll find links to genealogical information.)
   follow this link to the "lineages of larry d. smith" main page, which includes various ancestral lines, including that of muirhead, shaw, & walter.
    follow this link to the personal home page of larry smith's parents, the bernard smith family.
 
 



add motherbedford.comto your favorites



make motherbedford.comyour home page


 
 

 e-mail to larry d. smith
note: the majority of the text used throughout this website has been excerpted from the book, mother bedford and the american revolutionary war, published by the closson press and copyright ã 1999 by larry d. smith. all rights reserved.
 
   additional information has been excerpted from other published books by the webmaster. all information contained on the pages of this website has been copyrighted by larry d. smith in one book or another. please e-mail the webmaster if you wish to copy and utilize the information found here for your own publications and/or website.
 







motherbedford.com webutation

entire website copyright  2006 larry smith


