







home - the fair trade cook book





















 


the fair trade cook book




recipes by...
a-z
course
origin




the fair trade cook book

"grace. good food,  good fun,  thank god!   amen".  - rev.  giles c galley.  


        make a difference to the world: choose fairtrade products whenever possible.  every single choice counts, and you do not know the consequences, so make fair trade the standard for you. 
      

        this website has 500 or so recipes for meals using 
        fair trade products.
        use the menu at the top to get started.
        

recently addred recipes
lagenhetspaj
a vegan take on cottage pie with a slight swedish twist

 
sindhi chickpea curry
chickpeas in a rich onion sauce

 
tempeh dopiaza
tehpeh chunks in a sweet, thick onion gravy

 
soya mince pasta sauce
a rich red sauce to go with pasta or on vegetables

 

a summer salad alphabet
this list of salads is suitable for summer as the weather gets warmer!  more recipes can be found using the menus linked from the top of the page.
avocado and chickpea salad
delicious fruit and happy protein complemented by lightly spiced nuts

 
belarussian carrot salad
a carrot salad with a bite

 
carroty orange salad
"good for you" carrots with a tangy taste

 
diced and delicious fruit salad
this is england at its best

 
ensalada olimpica (olympic salad)
powerful veggy flavours and interesting textures in a lemony dressing

 
feta cheese and tomato salad
juicy cheese bites with a hint of sweetness

 
global village salad
filling food using ingredients from far-flung places

 
health salad
a sort of sweet and sour salad

 
indonesian rice salad
a tasty vegetable rice salad

 
jubilee salad
cooked chicken or turkey in a fruity and exotic sauce

 
kalamata olive salad
chunky olives and cheese with pasta and juicy extras

 
lebanese potato salad
a light vegan salad of potatoes with a tangy dressing and aromatic mint

 
mediterranean rice salad
rice adorned with olives, peppers, cucumbers and toasty pine kernels

 
salad nicoise
a lovely french salad with an intriguing but balanced mixture of flavours

 
"joy of the mountains" (oregano salad)
fresh green oregano with tomatoes and a smack of sumac

 
panzanella
tomatoes, onion and bread salad from tuscany

 
quinoa fresh mint salad
powerful flavours of mint and lemon surround quinoa, the supergrain.

 
red onion raita
cool creamy salad onions with a touch of herbs and spices from india.

 
sunflower fruit salad
summer fresh fruit in a juice of wine and honey

 
tuscan mixed salad
a sophisticated take on fruit salad

 
ugandan fruit salad
mango and banana plus mixed fruits and a garam masala dressing

 
venetian prawn and white bean salad
venetian-style prawn and white bean salad

 
watermelon and cucumber salad
chunky juicy freshness in a bowl

 
xiangjiao salad
juicy bananas and mixed fruit salad with a lemon and honey dressing

 
yin yang slaw
a nicely balanced side salad that can be extended to a main course using additional toppings

 
new or recently reworked recipes
light brown sourdough bread
chewy tangy light bread risen by inclusion of sourdough starter

 
winter squash
chunks of squash with chickpeas and raisins in a tomato sauce

 
poached salmon
salmon steaks poached in olive oil and white wine

 
mushrooms and sweetcorn quinoa loaf
nuggets of flavour surrounded by succulent vegetables and aromatic herbs

 
nordic crispbread
mixed, good for you seeds in a rustic vegan cracker from finland

 
welsh cakes
a welsh teatime treat

 
butternut hummus
chickpea and tahini dip enhanced with roasted butternut squash

 
green pea dip
a naturally sweet nordic spread to go with nordic crispbread

 
cottage pie
meaty carrots in a tomato sauce with a tangy mash of potatoes and parsnips on top

 
hilbeh
yemeni fenugreek dip 

 
brussels sprouts and chestnuts
perfect sprouts cooked the english way

 
oaty stuffing
oats and onions with fairtrade flavourings

 
ajvar
roasted red peppers and aubergine dip or spread

 
caraway crackers
swedish crispbreads to go with cheese, smoked salmon or dips

 
duxelles
a rich mushroom and onion stuffing or dip

 
florentines
chocolate-coated fruity cookies

 
minted bacon and tomato pasta
chunky bacon bits in a minted tomato sauce

 


 
 
              this symbol is the 
              adinkra 
              - wawa aba, the seed of the wawa tree, a symbol of hardiness, toughness and preseverance.  these are qualities much needed for the development of fair trade! 
              the symbol also perhaps resembles a cooking pot seen from above, and as such seems entirely appropriate for a fairtrade cookbook.
              i am sure that the ghanaians will forgive me for saying that.



lord, to those who hunger give bread; to those who have bread give them the hunger for justice. 
	  latin american prayer.

 


copyright © 2004 – 2024. 
all rights reserved. information on this website may be used only for the development of 
fairtrade or fair trade as defined by the w.f.t.o.






