







home - tech corps




































































 









 


skip to content






 

home
about

our mission
board members
team members
tech corps 2023 snapshot
alumni spotlight


newsroom

published news stories
tech corps blog
podcast: founder’s focus
monthly newsletter


programs

program search
grades 3-5

techie camp
techie club
techie workshops
unplugged kits


grades 6-8

techie camp
techie club
techie workshops
unplugged kits


grades 9-12

computing career corps
high school tech camp
it on ramp
it on ramp+
student tech corps
student web corps
techcorpshack


educators

professional development
cs toolbox
cutout4cs
e4tech
free lessons




partners
careers
get involved














home 

















 







 












































we believe all k-12 students should have access to high-quality computer
science learning experiences 




the mission of tech corps is three-fold and is achieved through programs, people and partners.programs: we design computer science and it programs that are rigorous, relevant and fun. these programs range from awareness to exploration to immersion.people: we recruit, train and support technology talent to implement tech corps programs.partners: we work with partners, who believe as we do and together we provide students and teachers access to programs designed to educate, excite and empower. 






















“our impact in the last 10 years" 


















 
















students served 











 
















educators served 











 
















volunteers deployed 





















tech corps blog 



 

 

tech corps hackathon champions honored by franklin county board of commissioners


on january 21, 2025, student representatives from the winning teams of the 2024 tech corps hackathon stood proudly before the franklin county board of commissioners, receiving well-deserved recognition for their innovation and hard work. the board, a key sponsor of the statewide hackathon, commended the students for their achievements in technology and problem-solving.




 

nbc4: franklin county group points kids at computer science career for free


columbus, ohio (wcmh) — a local group is giving some franklin county students a chance to learn about computer science with a free four-month program. 
tech corps is allowing ninth- and tenth-grade students to increase their computer knowledge, and instructor olivia shade believes the program acts as a tool for students to learn, grow, and hopefully start a career in the tech industry. 




 

solon student wins statewide tech competition, tour of statehouse


solon high school student rebecca jacob’s love of technology not only earned her a prize in a statewide technology competition, it also gave her the chance to tour the ohio statehouse with her very own state senator jerry cirino (r-kirtland).




 

house technology committee hears tech corps presentation on education, apprenticeships


the house technology and innovation committee heard a presentation wednesday from tech corps national executive director and ceo lisa chambers on the organization’s work, which chambers said has involved direct support to nearly 25,000 students and 550 educators.




 

k-12 technology learning needs to be emphasized


lisa chambers, chief executive officer of tech corps, sees an increasingly digitized world opening a plethora of opportunities for ohio’s youth.taking advantage of those opportunities, she told the house technology & innovation committee this week, means prioritizing k-12 career-connected technology programs. 




 

fox28: teens tackle community challenges at ohio’s largest hack


tech corps hosted the 6th annual techcorpshack in five cities (akron, cleveland, columbus, dayton, and elyria) – their largest hackathon yet, with nearly 500 high school students working in teams to develop apps addressing community needs.




 

columbus city council recognizes csedweek and celebrates tech corps’ impact


in a significant move to promote the importance of computer science education, the columbus city council passed a resolution on december 9, 2024, officially designating december 9-15, 2024 as computer science education week in columbus, ohio. 




 

2024 techcorpshack regional winners


more than 400 high school students participated in the 2024 statewide tech corps hackathon in akron, cleveland, columbus, dayton, and elyria. over two exciting 12-hour days on november 11th and 16th, these young innovators tackled global challenges with local solutions, creating cutting-edge mobile apps using swiftui development software.




 

nbc4: hackathon lets central ohio kids learn coding


more than 100 dedicated volunteers and 28 expert instructors came together to inspire and empower students during the 2024 tech corps hackathon. their generosity in sharing time, knowledge, and expertise had a profoundly positive impact on the student teams.




 

fox28: ohio high schoolers invited to innovate at statewide tech competition


join techcorps for the 6th annual #techcorpshack on saturday, november 16th in columbus and november 9th in akron, cleveland, dayton, and elyria! up to 100 high school students will learn to develop an ios app and then work in teams to create an app that addresses a community need or problem.




 

wcmh4 features girls and google at ohio tech day celebration


tech corps celebrated ohio tech day by focusing on the achievements of elementary and middle school girls who successfully completed tech corps’ summer technology programs, supported by google. we were delighted to welcome wcmh4 cover the event!




 

oberlin high students recognized for tech corps programs


tech corps presented pre-apprenticeship certificates to oberlin high school students sept. 26 at the oberlin school board meeting.




 

¡celebramos el mes de la herencia hispana! we celebrate hispanic heritage month


as we celebrate national hispanic heritage month, we are excited to introduce you to two remarkable hispanic women whose contributions are making a lasting impact on the hispanic community. their dedication and achievements promise to inspire and uplift for generations to come!




 

join the ultimate tech corps hackathon in ohio!


hey, future tech innovators! are you ready to make an impact? we’re bringing the excitement of the techcorpshack to 500 high school students across ohio.




 

new day cleveland: northeast ohio high school students develop mobile apps


join techcorps for the 6th annual #techcorpshack on saturday, november 9th in akron, cleveland, dayton, and elyria! up to 100 high school students will learn to develop an ios app and then work in teams to create an app that addresses a community need or problem.


 
























archive

























awards and affiliations 



















            volunteer. donate. review.
        

 











 













 













 




















 












 












 












 














































about tech corps by building strategic partnerships and deploying tech corps signature programs, tech corps is building the framework and infrastructure to swiftly and efficiently meet the changing technology needs of our nation’s k-12 students and schools.

contact us

6600 busch boulevard, suite 210 columbus oh 43229

info@techcorps.org 

614.583.9211
tech corps bytes click here
to subscribe to our monthly enews.

use our hashtags #techcorps
#techcorpshack
#techiecamp

 




© 2025 tech corps. all rights reserved.linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube






sign up








			facebook
		

			google
		

			twitter
		




or enter your registration credentialsalready have an account?log insign up
login








			facebook
		

			google
		

			twitter
		




or use your login datadon't have an account? click here tosign upremember melog in
 








































