

 

 home - life or meth   





 


 -->


 






home - life or meth intro


























 






skip to navigation





home










886,000 meth users accessing this site have been inspired or empowered to quit (up to 2/19/16)











be


undefined


    crystal


    clear


because everyone has the right to make informed choices!



life or meth is an honest, upfront resource designed to empower and encourage those in the grip of crystal meth addiction to break free of their usage as well as serving as a preventive tool for "recreational users", those considering using and the rest of us wanting to understand the effect meth has on friends, acquaintances and loved ones.    the freedom to make responsible choices is only possible if all facts are readily accessible. this site enables users and potential users alike to make informed choices based on all available evidence: anecdotal, intuitive and scientific.     crystal meth is clinically more addictive and destructive than heroin and crack cocaine and a key factor in today's soaring hiv and sti rates among men who have sex with men, and addiction to meth can be defeated right here, right now: knowledge is the vaccine; empowerment the cure.      only truth can awaken the abuser to the futility of his invariably destructive behaviour and unravel the underlying issues that define his addiction, thereby empowering him to break free and reclaim control of his life. in contrast, pc harm reduction strategies serve only to maintain and sustain meth's degrading grip on the user and his environment.     don't be a victim to crystal meth. choose life! [note: this is an abridged version of the original life or meth website containing approximately 50% of the original content.]



  
  
  
  
  
  




   2004 poster campaign   




   ‘chemsex’ the trailer    


   visitor   testimonials    


   make      a     donation!    



life or meth is a not-for-profit concern. we depend on donations to keep this wellbeing and lifesaving resource running and independently voiced (click here).  please donate and help keep this site alive.  thanks to everyone who has donated, especially the terry k. watanabe charitable trust. 





the face of meth


"the best web site on crystal meth. ever!"



positive action, san diego 



since 1 november 2002 











  life or meth intro    testimonials   make a donation   contact us  


  what is crystal meth    dopamine   crash 'n' burn   descent into hell   12-steps   fried alive   combat meth act   meth in the usa   drug of war  


  crystal and hiv    fists and toys   "party and play"   the hiv correlation   "a wake-up call"   san francisco   std explosion   "hiv is no picnic"   sexual sabotage   dead men walking  


  crystal culture    pots and pans   ecstasy: the lie   new york   circuit parties   culture of denial   obstacles to action  


  your experiences    beneath the smile   quicksand   people in the walls   train wreck   eulogy to jack   london burning   pipes for hot rails   belief in buddhism  


  aids inc. uncovered    truth isn't judgment   this pc insanity   behind the curtain   sold down the river   "normalising" hiv   the merchants of hiv   steeped in collusion   the hiv spin machine   statistics and lies   dereliction of duty   do as i say, not as i do   a plan for action!   the choice is yours  


  killing us softly 


  hiv: the way forward 
  
you are viewing the text version of this site. to view the full version please install the adobe flash player and ensure your web browser has javascript enabled. need help? check the requirements page. 



  





 

you need flash to use this feature






