





wadden – just another wordpress site






















skip to content





wadden
just another wordpress site





wadden￼





search for:



 








search for:



 




wadden
just another wordpress site





wadden￼



 







hey there, fellow ice cream lovers in canada! 





wadden￼ 

hey there, fellow ice cream lovers in canada!
are you looking to spice up your ice cream shop and bring in more customers? look no further, because we’ve got just the thing for you!
introducing the 24 flavor system – the perfect solution to increase profits and satisfy your customers’ taste buds. our 24 flavor soft serve system offers a wide variety of delicious flavors, from classic chocolate to unique flavors like birthday cake, giving your customers the freedom to choose their favorites.
our company, wadden systems, was founded by rita wadden in 1993 and since then, the 24 flavor system has been a popular addition to any ice cream store. with our system, you can offer flavors on a cone-to-cone basis, which keeps customers coming back for more and increases your profit per serving. plus, our system is supported by advertising provided on consignment, so you can focus on running your business.

we pride ourselves on using only the freshest and highest-quality ingredients in our flavors, including sugar-free, gluten-free, and vegan-friendly options. from classic cherry and blue raspberry to tropical pineapple, coconut, and mango, we’ve got you covered. and for those looking for something more refreshing, we’ve got a range of mint and lemon flavors. our unique and exotic flavors, such as guava, chocolate jalapeno, and chai tea, are sure to please adventurous taste buds. we also have a dedicated selection of vegan flavors.
once you have your 24 flavor system in your store, reordering is easy. you can do it online or call us at 800 392 336 for help. and the best part? parts for the 24 flavor system, like the unique mixing cup a3001, are available free of charge when you use our rebate flavor coupon.
wadden systems also has other profitable flavoring systems which can increase your profits and attract more customers:
iceberg slush system
iceberg slush uses the same fat-free, cholesterol-free, and naturally delicious galaxy flavor extracts that your customers have grown to know & love, in a non-dairy frozen beverage. like the 24 flavors system, the 24 flavors of icebergs system is a surefire customer favorite that will perform virtually maintenance free. because of their all-natural flavor, icebergs are more akin to a fruit “coolatta” beverage than to a slushsie-type drink. iceberg slush can be served not only as natural fruit-ice beverages, but as fruit smoothies and frozen coffee beverages as well! a world of flavors for your customers to discover.
swift shake system

the swift shake system enables you to offer 24 or more flavors of shakes. a shake takes just 5 seconds to make and provides your customers with an additional means of enjoying your shop and returning for more. using the same delicious flavors as are available with the 24 flavor system, the swift shake system is another surefire method of enticing and keeping customers. enhance your customers’ experience and you keep ahead of your competition. specifications:
24 flavors (enough to make 2400 shakes)24 pumpsone brush cuppoint of sale material (signs) are provided free of charge on consignment
everything you need is included to start serving 24 flavors of shake as quickly as you can set it to work.
delightful dip system
add variety to your menu and increase your profits by adding our 6 flavors of delightful dips system to your business. now your customers can enjoy all the flavors of delightful dips, all the time!
so, don’t wait any longer – give your ice cream shop the sweet boost it needs with our 24 flavors of soft serve, iceberg slush system, delightful dip system or swift shake system.
with over 5000 units sold, our systems are a proven way to bring in more revenue per serving and keep customers coming back for more.
give us a call at 800 392 3336 for more details and our experienced sales team will gladly help you further.
—
wadden systems
1-800-392-3336
naturally better™
icecreamflavors.com











									powered by the elsie wordpress theme								











