






american museum of science and energy – inspire the imagination
















































 













skip to content








 

become a membermy account remember meregistercart 










  


search for:








planeducationlearnamse foundationemployment opportunitiesfacility rentalk-25 history centermeet our teamshopsupportmediatoursjoinget ticketsplan a visiteducationlearn about amseamse foundationemployment opportunitiesfacility rentalk-25 history centermeet our teamshopsupporttoursmediajoinget ticketsbecome a member









loading...







everything
is motion 



visit now  













get
lit 



learn more  













got
energy? 



learn more   
















home pagenewframe2025-02-05t23:29:01-05:00

the american museum of science and energy is open!
regular hours of operation: monday through saturday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm and sundays from 1:00 pm to 5:00 pm.
now at amse

inspire the imagination!


visit our store



where science comes to life!
amse tells the story of the advances in science and engineering that have occurred in oak ridge since the first days of the manhattan project. we are a national resource that is proud to be located in east tennessee, a region that has been and remains on the cutting-edge of scientific innovation. amse is a powerful engine of steam education and inspiration. with our fun, interactive exhibits and programs, every day we tell visitors from the globe exciting, world-changing stories and we help explain how our world and universe works. come join us at amse, where science comes alive.


get tickets


join amse

sign up for updates
get news from american museum of science and energy in your inbox.





full name email address

captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
















 
 





address: 115 e main st,
oak ridge, tn 37830

phone: 865.294.4531

email: jtackett@amse.org

 














 

 
 
 





		all content © 2023 by amse.	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

get tickets 
 
































































































































go to top




