
modemsite.com: 56k modem drivers, information and troubleshooting

the modem information & support site troubleshootingnewstechnicalsearchpremium log in forum 56site maplooking for a modem driver?modem driverswhat's the best init string for your modem?modem initialization stringsidentify your modem:chipsetwho made itspeedboost scamsspeed-up your internet connection?v.92 - the next modem standardv.92 newsv.92 survey v.92 ispsv.92 stringsmodem surveyinteractive modem troubleshooterselect your trouble - get instant advice! what causes modem disconnections?more modem questions? ask at forum56.comi want your feedback! 

modemsite sections: news & updates - 	updated 17 aug 2018the latest on modem, internet connectivity issues including v92.new 
                hosting service for 
                modemsite
self-sign an old driver and use with windows 
                7, 8 or 10new drivers for agere soft 
                modem  modem troubleshooting -  updated 12-sep-06includes information to help you identify your modem, measure, test and tweak your speed, with links to the latest modem driver downloads. technical -  updated 24-may-05how 56k modems work, and why all users may not be able to achieve 56k connections.welcome!modem related problems were the biggest 
                  source of trouble for many pc computer users in the late 90's 
                  and around the turn of the century before real high-speed 
                  access became widely available. today, few people use dial-up 
                  modems for internet access - but, there still are some applications for these devices. modemsite still has all the information on dial-up 
                  modem technology for both data and voice applications: the 
                  voice-modems remain the most widely used area today as the 
                  modems can answer and route voice calls, be used for sending 
                  and receiving faxes, and support pc applications that need 
                  caller id information. modemsite has extensive information on dial-up modems, and can help you troubleshoot and correct problems from installation to disconnections.modemsite began almost 
                  20 ago as 3 pages i 
                  called 56k=v.unreliable. today, there's over 400 pages of 
                  modem information - publishing the site became my 
                  full-time job around the turn of the 21st century. today, 
                  it costs me money to keep the site up as few people 
                  need it and there's little ad revenue.   you can support the continued existence of 
                  modemsite and view the entire site ad-free with a premium access subscription. 
                  most of the site is also available "free" with advertising.  
 in august 2015 i moved the site to a new hosting service - this 
                  required updating some of the pages and behind-the-scenes code. there may still be some issues with 
	some of the pages or features of the site if you find a problem 
	with the site, please let me know.dr. mo dem ©james douglasmodemsite.com is written and maintained by 'v.richard'special interest:v.richard's v.page (18-nov-05) broadband - not so fast dsl & modems v.92 - facts & hype   
 faster connects may come easy: check your phone line.
the most important thing you may discover at modemsite:slower modem connect speeds might give you a faster connection.let me repeat: a slow connect speed may be faster.1. see check your throughput to understand the difference between throughput and connect speed - and how to check yours.2. see limiting your connect speed to learn how to set speed limits that may optimize your throughput.then - see if a newer (or older) driver might give you a better connection.premium access:for as little as $1.59:access all of modemsite contents & downloadssign up real-time pricing for high-speed access:dsl     t-1     ds3

home  |  links  |  send feedback  |  privacy policy   | report broken linklegal page  |  author's web sites   |   log in     modemsite.com ©1998-2022 v.richard gamberg. all rights reserved. 