









home - lodi veterinary care


























































































 








 







urgent care for companion animals & er for equine & livestock


appointments
request medication refill
contact

contact deforest office
contact lodi office
contact portage office


my account

orders
scheduled orders
addresses
lost password


join our team

0 items
 












home
companion animals

companion animal services
wellness plans
boarding & daycare
training classes


equine

equine services
equine clinic facilities
equine route van
equine wellness plans
contagious equine metritis (cem)
equine forms and resources


livestock

production livestock services
companion livestock services
advanced reproduction
laboratory services
clinic facilities


about

meet our veterinarians
meet our team
news & media
clinical trials
career opportunities
contact us


urgent care
blog
shop

online pharmacy
order food

order hills
order purina


pay an invoice


 





select page


  
 



 



 













lodi veterinary care clinic | mobile | emergency








lodi veterinary careclinic | mobile | emergency








lodi veterinary care clinic | mobile | emergency










locations in lodi, deforest and portage, wi

urgent care for companion animals & emergency services for equine & livestock available | 608.592.3232






companion animal

lodi veterinary care is a leader in companion animal medicine, wellness care, surgery, and urgent care needs. our veterinary health care team is dedicated to you and your pets. we are committed to offering the breadth of skills and services necessary to keep your pets healthy and happy.

learn more



equine

the friendly equine team at lodi veterinary care (lvc) is here to provide a high level of comfort and care for you and your horse 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. from pleasure to performance, our goal is to provide the highest quality of progressive veterinary services for all levels of horsemanship.

learn more



livestock

lodi veterinary care is committed to providing the best quality of medical, surgical, and consulting services to our clients. our livestock team combines a broad spectrum of experience and expertise to help you meet the health, welfare, and production goals for your animals.

learn more








urgent care for companion animals & emergency services for equine & livestock  | 608.592.3232 | 705 n main st lodi, wi 53555      lodivet@lodivet.com















career opportunities
do you want to love where you work and be part of an awesome team? do you want to be allowed to use your technical skills to your fullest potential and be appreciated for it? do you want to be a part of a large team where you can keep learning? 
if you answered yes to those questions, then join our team! 
 

apply now







quick tools to speed up your visit





ally dvm
easily access your pets medical history and records online.



pay online
make a safe and secure online payment.



online pharmacy
order prescriptions online with free shipping and auto-shipping.



order food online
order pet food online for delivery right to your door.





























trusted care.
lodi veterinary care is a progressive veterinary care team that provides the finest health care to our patients. our state-of-the-art hospital, located 20 minutes north of madison wi, allows us to provide unrivaled service to our clients and patients through advanced technology and compassion-based care.
our practice offers companion animal, equine and livestock divisions – each specializing in medicine, surgery and wellness care. each division has a knowledgeable and experienced team dedicated to caring for your animals. 

trusted care.
lodi veterinary care is a progressive veterinary care team that provides the finest health care to our patients. our state-of-the-art hospital, located 20 minutes north of madison wi, allows us to provide unrivaled service to our clients and patients through advanced technology and compassion-based care.







popular products from our online pharmacy



	showing all 4 resultssorted by popularity


sort by popularity
sort by latest
sort by price: low to high
sort by price: high to low





simparica
$103.02 – $241.92


interceptor plus
$46.02 – $113.04


heartgard plus
$48.60 – $122.52


rimadyl chewables
$75.60 – $342.99




shop now







latest educational resources







equine ultrasonography in equine practice

we are very excited to have acquired a new ultrasound machine! ultrasound has many valuable applications in the field of equine veterinary medicine.  a few of the more common uses include: reproductive: ultrasound can be used to visualize the mare’s reproductive tract...
read more




cranial cruciate (acl) disease

what is a cranial cruciate ligament injury? the canine knee (stifle) joint is a hinge joint that is anatomically similar to the human knee. like human athletes, this joint is often involved in injuries causing lameness in the dog and cat. the stifle is composed of...
read more




laparoscopic ovariectomy: a less painful alternative

laparoscopic ovariectomy is a minimally invasive surgical technique used to remove the ovaries in female dogs. an ovariectomy differs from an ovariohysterectomy (spay) in that only the ovaries are removed, leaving the uterus in place. both surgeries accomplish the...
read more






















urgent care for companion animals & emergency services for equine & livestock  | 608.592.3232 | 705 n main st lodi, wi 53555      lodivet@lodivet.com







 








lodi705 n main streetlodi, wi 53555m-w 7am - 7pmth-f 7am - 6pmsat 7:30 - 1pmsun: closeddeforest639 s main street
suite #101
deforest, wi 53532
(608) 842-0501
​
m-w 8 am – 5 pm
th - closed
f 8am - 5pm
portage110 e. albert st.
portage, wi 53901
(608) 742-2345
​
m-w 8 am – 5 pm
th closed
f 8 am – 5 pm
companion animalsservices
wellness plans
boarding & daycare
training classes

equine servicesequine services
clinic facilities
route van
wellness plans
order prescriptions

livestockproduction livestock services
companion livestock services
advanced reproductions
 laboratory services
clinic facilities

 




© copyright 2020 lodi veterinary care | livestock veterinary, wisconsin companion animal veterinary, wisconsin equine veterinary 




starting september 1, 2023 for companion animal only, we will be offering the following hours for both routine and urgent care hours at our lodi hospital:
lodi hospital
monday: 7am – 7pm
tuesday:  7am – 7pm
wednesday:  7am – 7pm
thursday:  7am – 6pm
friday:  7am – 6pm
saturday:  8am – 5pm
sunday:  closed
these hours will allow us to serve our companion animal clients and patients for their routine and urgent care needs during these hours.   outside of these hours, we will be partnering with a veterinary triaging service, allowing our companion animal clients to communicate directly with an off site veterinarian to help triage their emergency needs.  
livestock & equine emergency services and hours remain unchanged.
for companion animal emergency care outside these hours please call: 
vca emergency services:  608-831-1101
madison veterinary services: 608-274-7772
uw veterinary care: 608-263-7600




pin it on pinterest


 























































































