





trinity foundation – monitoring religious fraud for 30+ years.











































 


















skip to content


 

trinity foundation
monitoring religious fraud for 30+ years.




home
about
contact
resources
videos
articles
donate / join
air traffic out of control
governance project
victims / informants
p.i. license
 









financial secrets: in 2006, three televangelists created offshore companies in the bahamas 
 january 31, 2025  barry bowen 



(photos: kenneth copeland, creflo dollar, bill winston)
in 2006, three american televangelists registered four offshore companies in the bahamas with trident corporate services. three of the four corporate filings occurred precisely a week apart. the purposes for the four corporate entities are unknown.
while offshore companies may have a legitimate purpose, they are frequently used for tax evasion and to hide assets when, for instance, a rich husband expects a possible divorce.
offshore corporate registrations are a critical component of international money laundering.
in december 2024, the irs launched an investigation into trident corporate services’ parent company trident global trust. the purpose of the irs investigation is to identify americans who failed to report income generated in offshore locations during the years 2014 through 2023.
 continue reading “financial secrets: in 2006, three televangelists created offshore companies in the bahamas”


posted in investigations 



religious court cases to watch in 2025 
 january 31, 2025january 31, 2025  barry bowen 



what is christian journalism lacking? court reporters! some of the biggest crimes in the religious world are not properly reported because no journalist obtained depositions/court transcripts and then the case gets closed.
philanthropists can close this void by partnering with media to fund court reporters.
bloggers, youtubers, and social media commentators may also fill this gap by researching court documents, attending court hearings, and interviewing attorneys to find out how laws are applied. religion reporters may enhance their investigative skills by covering court cases.
the following cases, while not an exhaustive list, may be viewed as opportunities to examine allegations of corruption in the church world and to learn about america’s court system.
 continue reading “religious court cases to watch in 2025”


posted in courts 



worship leader acquires nine homes and two parsonages 
 january 31, 2025  barry bowen 



(photo: worship leader sean feucht singing the song “there is a name” in 2018.)
in 2022, rolling stone published a critical article about sean feucht, the conservative worship leader from redding, california, who attracted large crowds by opposing covid-19 lockdowns.
rolling stone reported, “he’s also pulling in millions for his ministry — and recently bought houses in southern california and montana.”
feucht is part of a growing trend of religious leaders engaging in long distance ministry, spending much of his time far from his ministry headquarters in washington, d.c.
sean feucht ministries has acquired two parsonages, one in washington, d.c. worth almost $900,000 and the other in san juan capistrano, california, purchased in 2024 for $3,450,000.
trinity foundation has also identified nine homes personally owned by feucht, registered in his real name, john christopher feucht: one in california, one in montana and seven in pennsylvania.
the redfin real estate website reports that two weeks ago, feucht sold his coto de caza, california, home for $1.7 million.
 continue reading “worship leader acquires nine homes and two parsonages”


posted in investigations 



reporting fraud or accountant incompetence?  boston rescue mission’s numbers don’t add up! 
 january 31, 2025january 31, 2025  barry bowen 


 

boston rescue mission appears to have filed a fraudulent form 990 for the fiscal year ending june 30, 2023, or the ministry has an incompetent accountant. the numbers don’t add up. the compensation for the ministry’s two highest paid employees is more than the total compensation the ministry reported to the irs.
during the first week of january, ministry watch published its annual 100 highly paid ministry leaders list.
as usual, the two highest paid non-profit executives were david cerullo ($5,425,948) and dale ardizzone ($2,362,151) of the inspirational network, but number three was a surprise.
john samaan, president and ceo of the boston rescue mission, received $1,504,419 in compensation for the fiscal year ending june 30, 2023.
during that year, boston rescue mission, which provides aid to the homeless, generated $5,703,650 in total revenue. therefore, 26 percent of total revenue was paid to samaan.
boston rescue mission reported 41 employees for the year, therefore, the ceo gets paid a significantly higher amount than the average employee.
the compensation for samaan and ministry vice president michael way was reported on a form 990, an information return that non-profits file with the irs.
 continue reading “reporting fraud or accountant incompetence?  boston rescue mission’s numbers don’t add up!”


posted in investigations 



daystar programming changes may reflect new competition in religious broadcasting 
 january 8, 2025january 8, 2025  barry bowen 


 

(screenshot: jesse duplantis explaining to his audience why he left daystar.)
when a televangelist says that god spoke to him, be skeptical.
in a recent video, televangelist jesse duplantis acknowledged that he didn’t renew a tv broadcast contract with daystar television network. duplantis explained to his viewers that about five or six months ago god told him to leave the network.
“he said, ‘i want you to go off daystar.’ he said, ‘remember when i told you i want you to go off tbn?’ he said, ‘i will do the same thing on daystar as i did on tbn. your partners will follow you. they will find you.'”
duplantis has a long history of attributing questionable statements to god. in 2018, duplantis claimed that god told him, “i want you to believe in me for a falcon 7x” jet.
trinity foundation investigators reject duplantis’ explanation, instead suspecting his decision was influenced by business considerations rather than divine communication with god, and that duplantis will provide programming to a new religious network being launched soon.
 continue reading “daystar programming changes may reflect new competition in religious broadcasting”


posted in investigations 



profiting from death: daystar squawks church but waddles business 
 december 16, 2024december 16, 2024  barry bowen 



by barry bowen and pete evans
during a golf game about six years ago in north texas, televangelist marcus lamb said to a couple of golfers, “that man ain’t dead yet!”
the surrounding golfers were disturbed by the comment because it sounded like lamb wanted the man to die and the golfers knew that lamb’s ministry held a life insurance policy for the man lamb was talking about.
lamb’s non-profit organization word of god fellowship, better known by the trade name daystar television network, has generated millions of dollars in profits from investing in life insurance settlements.
wikipedia explains: “a third party becomes the new owner of the policy, pays the monthly premiums, and receives the full benefit of the policy when the insured dies.”
in 2018, daystar sued eduardo espinosa, a trustee of life partners holdings, in the united states bankruptcy court for the northern district of texas over a $10 million life insurance policy daystar claimed to fully own.
in 2019, the court ruled “the relief requested should be granted.”
one of trinity foundation’s confidential informants believes that daystar purchased its gulfstream g-v jet in may 2020 with profits from the insurance settlements.
inside edition investigated daystar’s jet acquisition upon learning the ministry purchased the jet two weeks after receiving a $3.9 million paycheck protection program loan (ppp).
congress created the ppp to provide forgivable loans to small businesses and small non-profit organizations to retain employees during covid.
inside edition reported, “lamb says daystar was able to buy the jet with proceeds from an investment and the sale of its old jet, not by using government ppp money.”
after inside edition contacted daystar for comment about the ppp loan, daystar paid the loan back with interest.
the inside edition investigative report from 2020 featured a clip of marcus lamb speaking to a large audience: “daystar was recently appraised at over $1 billion.”
in 2012, daystar attempted to permanently seal its financial records in a court case. trinity foundation successfully intervened in dallas county court. the unsealed documents revealed daystar and its related organizations had $227 million in total assets, $225 million in net assets as of 2010. in one decade, the network’s total assets tripled.

 continue reading “profiting from death: daystar squawks church but waddles business”


posted in investigations 



televangelist joni lamb paid for $100,000 honeymoon with ministry credit card: applying the tax code to non-profit expenditures 
 december 10, 2024  barry bowen 



(screenshot: daystar television network broadcast the tv program love’s miracle: a wedding special with dr. doug weiss and joni lamb.)
background
jonathan lamb, former vice-president of the non-profit daystar television network, disclosed to the roys report that his mother, televangelist joni lamb, paid for her 2023 honeymoon with a daystar credit card.
joni and her new husband doug weiss flew to los cabos, mexico, following their june 10th wedding.
according to the roys report, “board member tom calender decided to ‘gift’ the $100,000 for the honeymoon to joni.”
in a response to the roys report, daystar reported, “all charges by joni lamb on a corporate credit card that are personal expenses are fully accounted for and reimbursed in full by joni lamb.”
however, the network did not provide to the roys report any proof the honeymoon expenses were reimbursed.
applying the united states tax code to church and ministry gifts
the united states tax code treats gifts differently based on the size of the gift and the relationship of the donor and the gift recipient.
gifts to family members, friends and supporters are treated differently than gifts given to employees.
if joni lamb failed to reimburse the ministry for her honeymoon expenses, the gifting should have been treated as compensation.
 continue reading “televangelist joni lamb paid for $100,000 honeymoon with ministry credit card: applying the tax code to non-profit expenditures”


posted in investigations 



hal lindsey’s secret legacy: obtaining extravagant wealth from non-profit organization 
 december 3, 2024  barry bowen 



(photo: hal lindsey’s tv program appearing on daystar)
hal lindsey, one of the wealthiest non-profit ministry executives in america, has died at 95 years of age.
lindsey co-authored the bestselling end-times bible prophecy book the late great planet earth with carole c. carlson and hosted a tv program airing on daystar television network, costing $381,000 in 2023, and other networks over the years.
lindsey believed the re-establishment of israel as a nation in 1948 was a fulfillment of bible prophecy and the generation alive in 1948 would see a pre-tribulation rapture, the tribulation and jesus’ return.
from 2013 to 2023, hal and his wife jolynne lindsey received $18.5 million of compensation from hal lindsey website ministries. during those eleven years, the ministry spent only $1,105,360 in charitable assistance to groups and individuals.

(spreadsheet: total revenue and charitable spending of hal lindsey website ministries and compensation for hal and jolynne lindsey compiled from form 990s.)
 continue reading “hal lindsey’s secret legacy: obtaining extravagant wealth from non-profit organization”


posted in investigations 



failure of government oversight: privacy laws protect corrupt non-profit executives, not donors 
 november 27, 2024  barry bowen 



 
the irs recently revoked the tax-exempt status of saved in america incorporated, a non-profit organization in california, with the stated purpose of fighting human tracking.
the announcement appeared in the november 18, 2024, issue of the irs bulletin, a weekly publication providing important tax updates for accountants and taxpayers.

(photo: the revocation for saved in america incorporated covers financial transactions for six years.)
the above screenshot features all the public information that is available from the irs regarding this revocation of tax-exempt status. the irs does not reveal what illegal activity it uncovered during an audit or investigation.
the irs process for granting tax-exemptions is transparent, but the process for revoking tax-exemptions is cloaked in secrecy.
 continue reading “failure of government oversight: privacy laws protect corrupt non-profit executives, not donors”


posted in investigations 



daystar heart for the world telethon: non-profit equips israeli soldiers for war, ignores hurricane victims 
 november 26, 2024november 26, 2024  barry bowen 



(screenshot: larry huch appearing on october 19, 2024, daystar telethon broadcast.)
previous investigations
trinity foundation has investigated daystar television network, america’s second largest religious tv network, for more than a decade, and collaborated with npr and inside edition for exposés of the network’s spending and use of a private jet.
recently, another christian media outlet, the roys report, has begun to thoroughly investigate daystar. journalist julie roys interviewed jonathan lamb, the son of daystar’s founders marcus (who died in 2021) and joni lamb, and jonathan’s wife suzy lamb for stories about allegations of sexual abuse.
a list of related articles follows the end of this article.
2024 fall heart for the world telethon
less than three weeks after hurricane helene slammed the florida coast, producing record flooding and destroying communities as far inland as north carolina and just a couple of days after hurricane milton struck florida, daystar television network hosted its annual fall heart for the world telethon.
however, none of the millions of dollars raised from daystar’s telethon will help hurricane victims. instead, daystar president joni lamb promised on tv that all money given or pledged during the telethon will go to israel.
daystar was one of the first christian ministries to respond with financial support for israeli troops and citizens following the october 2023 hamas terrorist attack. daystar’s fall heart for the world telethon takes place during sukkot, the annual feast of tabernacles.
is it legal for american non-profits to purchase military supplies for foreign soldiers? 
since october 2023, daystar’s telethons have raised money to purchase body armor and night goggles for the israeli military as well as bomb shelters for jewish civilians.

(screenshot: june 15, 2024, re-broadcast of march 3, 2024, episode of heart for the world telethon.)
the irs recognizes donations to foreign militaries as a charitable activity so long as the recipient is not involved in terrorism or in wars which the united states opposes.
after 9/11, president george bush issued executive order 13224 and congress passed the usa patriot act to prosecute americans providing support to individuals and organizations involved in terrorism.
the treasury department maintains the specially designated nationals and blocked persons list (usually referred to as the sdn list), an official list of individuals, organizations and government agencies which americans are forbidden from donating to or doing business with.
while hamas and the israeli government have both killed innocent civilians, only hamas is listed on the sdn list.
because none of daystar’s israeli partners are on the sdn list, these donations appear to be legal.
exaggerated charity?
in 2014, national public radio (npr) investigated daystar with assistance from trinity foundation’s lead investigator pete evans.
journalists reviewed financial data obtained from the unsealing of court documents and questioned if daystar’s then-president marcus lamb was exaggerating the amount of charitable aid the ministry was providing.
npr’s report featured a 2009 quote from marcus lamb: “in the last five years, daystar has written checks of donations to others, to ministries, to churches, to missions, to hurricane relief, to tsunami relief, to hospitals, etc., to the tune of $30 million cash!”
according to npr reporter john burnett, “npr analyzed six years of daystar balance sheets. they show the network gave away $9.7 million dollars in direct grants to outside recipients. not $30 million. that works out to charitable giving of about 5 percent of donor revenue.”
daystar responded to npr that “international mission work” included satellite transmission expenses.
financial transparency
word of god fellowship, the parent organization of daystar television network, is not a member of the evangelical council for financial accountability, does not have an independent board of directors and does not provide to donors a form 990 or audited financial statement disclosing fundraising and management expenses.
word of god fellowship avoids the form 990 filing requirement by claiming church status. meanwhile, secular non-profits have higher standards to meet.
the association of fundraising professionals code of ethical standards is 25 items long and requires its members to “ensure proper stewardship of all revenue sources, including timely reports on the use and management of such funds.”
for comparison, the national religious broadcasters code of ethics is only six items long and does not address the prosperity gospel, fundraising or financial transparency.
however, daystar is not required to meet these six requirements because it is not an nrb member organization. daystar avoids being a member of organizations that would subject it to oversight.
televangelist perry stone served as one of daystar’s special guest hosts during the heart for the world 2024 telethon. on october 13th, the first day of the telethon, perry stone flew to fort worth, near daystar’s production studio, on a super king air owned by his ministry voice of evangelism. the twin turboprop aircraft travels slower and cheaper than a jet.

(screenshot: trinity foundation’s pastor planes project uses the website adsb exchange to track the aircraft by its tail number n942ce.)
while daystar claims all money raised by the telethon will be spent on charity in israel, it does not disclose if the network paid the guest hosts a speaking honorarium or paid for travel expenses.
to evaluate the effectiveness of a non-profit organization, donors should closely examine program services expenses which are determined by subtracting management expenses and fundraising expenses from total expenses.
charity navigator recommends that non-profit organizations spend at least 70% of their total revenue on program services.
trinity broadcasting network, daystar’s biggest competitor, has provided this critical financial information to its donors through 2022.

(screenshot: column b lists 2022 program services expenses for trinity christian center of santa ana, better known as trinity broadcasting network.)
pre-recorded telethons
daystar airs video clips from previous telethons during some of its heart for the world broadcasts and appears to be in violation of federal communications commission (fcc) rules requiring disclosure of pre-recorded broadcasts that appear to be live.
the law requires:
“any taped, filmed or recorded program material in which time is of special significance, or by which an affirmative attempt is made to create the impression that it is occurring simultaneously with the broadcast, shall be announced at the beginning as taped, filmed or recorded. the language of the announcement shall be clear and in terms commonly understood by the public. for television stations, the announcement may be made visually or aurally.”
in 2020, salem media group, owner of the salem radio network, was fined $50,000 for violating the live broadcast rule.
a june 2024 rebroadcast of heart for the world included a clip of former daystar tv personality suzy lamb. suzy stopped working for daystar in 2023.
toxic theology
pastor larry huch was one of daystar’s special guests during the fall 2024 heart for the world telethon. huch has received critical attention for rejecting and/or distorting scripture.
during the telethon, while on a tv program raising funds for israel, huch told viewers, “listen to me. i will never use standing with israel as a gimmick of raising funds.”
about 15 minutes later, huch told the tv audience, “keep blessing the nation of israel. this is a window that is passing by and once it’s passed by it will never open again for one whole year.”
in 2008, during an appearance on televangelist paula white’s tv program, huch claimed, “jesus is not the only begotten son of god.”
huch contradicted one of the most well-known bible verses. john 3:16 says, “for god so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
postscript
trinity foundation emailed daystar the following questions on friday, october 22nd but has not received a response by publication time.

perry stone flew to fort worth for the fall heart for the world does daystar reimburse travel costs of televangelists appearing on telethons?
does daystar give a speaking honorarium to perry stone, jonathan cahn, larry huch, and others appearing on the telethons?
daystar promised that all money given to or pledged during this year’s fall telethon will go to israel. why did the network not raise money for victims of hurricane helene and hurricane milton?

related articles

marcus lamb’s daystar tv pays back $3.9m ppp loan after inside edition investigates church’s jet purchase
can a television network be a church? the irs says yes
compensation, housing allowances for marcus and joni lamb and paula white revealed in unsealed documents
using the ministry jet for romance? daystar’s joni lamb visited fiancé, now husband, and new condo on ministry jet
time for an irs audit? estimate: cost of personal flights on ministry jet surpasses $1 million
daystar television co-host doug weiss filed questionable 990, runs association for sex therapists as a personal business
40 church and ministry leaders’ beach houses, beach condos and waterfront homes identified; their total net worth is $140 million

 the roys report – investigative series


exclusive: former daystar executive & wife accuse joni lamb of covering up daughter’s sexual abuse
exclusive: suzy lamb says she was pressured to hide her sexual assault
‘she’s the voice of god to you’: joni lamb, jimmy evans accused of bullying, spiritual abuse



posted in investigations 


posts navigation
older posts






search for:



new video about our investigations

view on youtubesign up for email newsletter

check my churchanother ministry bringing transparency to churches is check my church which requests financial records and bylaws from pastors of churches both small and large. 

this site also exposes spiritual and physical abuse by church leadership as well.receive article notifications by email


obituary: ole anthony our president, pastor, friend, and longtime nemesis of televangelists, dead at 82ole anthony, 82, president of dallas-based trinity foundation inc. and a thorn in the side of prosperity gospel televangelists, died friday, april 16, 2021.


he was known as a fierce critic of tv preachers like robert tilton, benny hinn and jan and paul crouch, and was often seen in news interviews critiquing their lavish lifestyles.

continue readingole’s bible studiesour founder's bible studies are available online.
 ole sought to follow the example of the apostle paul who wrote, "for i determined not to know anything among you, save jesus christ and him crucified." - 1 corinthians 2:2








©
				2025				trinity foundation

proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
		theme: x-blog by wpthemespace.com 








