


native american recipes




























	               native american recipes
	               
recipes and information on native american food. this is the food and recipes of food eaten preinvasion upto and including current popular native american food.



about me

name:  unknown 

view my complete profile










native american contemporary recipes
acorns: a major north american native food
food on the reservation
there is native
what some native chefs are cooking
lets squash it
native meat dry run
native cooking in 21st century
it's fry bread you dummy
cooking with blueberries





october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
march 2007
may 2007
september 2007
november 2007
january 2008
march 2008
june 2008
august 2008
march 2009
january 2010
february 2010
august 2010
january 2011
july 2011
april 2013






sunday, april 21, 2013



                      	 
                      	 native american contemporary recipes
	                       
                          

alaska sockeye salmon	 baked whole	 flathead syle 								north crow st. ignatius	 mt. salish indian from flathead reservation 					

ingredients 									
1/2 cup real mayonnaise 							
1 thinly sliced onion 															1/2 cup sour cream 	
2 thinly sliced lemons 															1/2 cup parmesan cheese 
1 tbs. lemon pepper 															
1 tbs. curry powder 															
1 tbs. onion salt sea salt 														ground black pepper 																											
directions 																	dress and clean freshly caught sockeye salmon (or any type whole fish)	 fins and head removed. set oven at 360 degrees.  wash fish thoroughly and pat partially dry with paper towels. sprinkle with sea salt and pepper on outside and in cavity. cover fish on outside and inside with onions and lemons.  mix rest of ingredients together. mixture will be a yellowish color and medium thick. spread the mixture gently over the upper side of the fish from neck to lower fin. push back into place the onions and lemons if needed to do so.place fish in baking dish and bake for 30-40 minutes or when flaky when pierced by fork in the most fleshy part of fish. remove from oven and place on platter. serve by slicing through backbone and enjoy a whole new taste. this recipe is also delicious on fresh halibut cheeks too. when you become familiar with the recipe and it's taste you can add or delete ingredients as you see fit. remember though mayonnaise helps to keep the fish moist during cooking	 since it has oil in it.  																								
 																			buffalo quinoa meatloaf 																											
8 servings 																											
ingredients 																
1 1/2 tablespoons safflower oil 													1/2 cup white onion	 finely chopped 												1/2 cup carrots	 finely chopped 													1/2 cup celery	 finely chopped 													1/2 cup orange pepper	 finely chopped 											1/2 cup red pepper	 finely chopped 												1/2 cup yellow pepper finely chopped 											
1 pound ground bison 															
2 cups quinoa	 cooked 															
1 cup watercress shocked blanched and finely chopped 								
2 tablespoons flat-leaf parsley	 finely chopped sea salt and black pepper to taste 			
1 cup purchased barbecue sauce 																											
preparation 																preheat oven to 375â°. heat safflower oil in a large saute pan; add onion and cook until translucent. add carrot celery and peppers and cook until soft. set aside and let cool. in a large mixing bowl combine bison  quinoa	 cooked vegetables	 cress and parsley. season with salt and pepper. mix well by hand until thoroughly combined. shape mixture into two 9x4  loaves. place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. brush with barbecue sauce and bake for 45 minutes. let cool. slice and serve. 																						
candied cactus 																											
prep time: 20 minstotal time: 55 mins servings: 12 									about this recipe overnight soaking not included in preparation time." 					ingredients 																											
3 cups cactus pieces cleaned of spines and cubed 									
3 cups sugar 																	1/2 cup water 																	
1 tablespoon lemon juice ( fresh is best) 											
2 tablespoons orange juice ( fresh is best) food coloring (optional) 						

directions 																	clean off any spines and glochids (the little hairy spines) from your cactus paddles; peel green skin and cube into 1 x 1/2 inch pieces. soak overnight in cold water. drain very well. make a syrup of sugar water and fruit juices; add cactus and cook until syrup is nearly all absorbed	 taking caution not to scorch. may be tinted with food coloring if desired. 																										
aztec hot chocolate 																											
prep time:5 mininactive prep time: -- cook time:10 min 4 servings 						

ingredients 																											
hot chocolate: 																
4 cups whole milk 																one 3.2-ounce disk mexican chocolate	 chopped 										
1 dried guajillo chile	 stemmed	 seeded and deveined 									
1 cinnamon stick 																
1 vanilla bean 																											
whipped cream: 																
2 cups heavy whipping cream 
1/4 cup powdered sugar 
ground cinnamon for dusting 														chili powder for dusting 																										
directions 																											
for the hot chocolate: bring the milk to a simmer in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat. add the chocolate guajillo chile cinnamon stick and vanilla bean. reduce the heat to medium-low. simmer for 10 minutes whisking constantly to develop some froth and completely melt the chocolate. remove the chile vanilla bean and cinnamon stick from the hot mixture. for the whipped cream: in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or in a large glass mixing bowl with a hand mixer beat the cream until soft peaks form. add the powdered sugar and beat to stiff peaks. pour the hot chocolate into a mug. dollop with the whipped cream and dust with cinnamon and chili powder. serve immediately. 																											

bison and bean chili 																											
time/servings 																											
total: 1 hr 10 mins 																											
active: 25 mins 																											
makes: 4 to 6 servings 																											
ingredients 																											
1 pound ground bison 																											
1 large yellow onion	 peeled and coarsely chopped 																										
1 green bell pepper	 coarsely chopped 																										
1 large clove garlic	 peeled and minced 																										
2 cups water 																											
1 (14-1/2-ounce) can diced tomatoes	 juices reserved 																										
1 (15-ounce) can kidney beans	 drained and rinsed 																										
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin 																											
1/2 teaspoon chili powder 																											
instructions  																											
1. heat a large dutch oven or heavy-bottomed pot with a tightfitting lid over mediumhigh heat and add 																											
bison	 onion	 and bell pepper; season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. cook	 stirring 																								
occasionally	 until meat is cooked through and beginning to brown	 about 15 minutes.  																									
2. stir in garlic and cook until fragrant	 about 1 minute. add remaining ingredients and stir	 																									
scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. season with salt and pepper. bring mixture 																											
to a simmer	 then reduce heat to low.  																										
3. partially cover and cook	 stirring occasionally and checking to make sure chili is not boiling	 																									
until slightly thickened	 about 45 minutes. taste	 adjust seasoning as necessary	 and 																								

serve.  																											
beverage pairing: domaine des remiziã¨res crozes-hermitage cuvã©e particuliã¨re	 france. a syrah from the northern rhã´ne has the fruit	 spiciness	 and earthiness to match up with 																								
many components of this dish. its dark meatiness echoes the bison	 while the taste of the earth 																										
will match with the beans. 																											
native hush puppies 																											
don't wait for a fish fry to make our hush puppies! monterey jack cheese and green chiles spice up these crispy hot bites	 making them irresistible! to make sure the hush puppies are round	 we use a small (1-inch) ice cream scoop to drop the batter into the hot oil. 																									
cooking time: 5 min 																											
3/4 cup self-rising cornmeal 1/2 cup self-rising flour 																											
1/8 teaspoon ground red pepper 																											
1 cup (4 ounces) shredded monterey jack cheese 																											
1 (4.5-ounce) can chopped green chiles	 drained 																										
1 tablespoon minced onion 																											
1 large egg	 lightly beaten 																										
1/2 cup milk 																											
vegetable oil 																											
stir together first 6 ingredients in a large bowl; make a well in center of mixture. 																											
combine egg and milk; add to dry ingredients	 stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened. 																										
pour oil to depth of 2 inches into a dutch oven; heat to 375 degrees f. drop batter by rounded tablespoonfuls into oil; fry 2 to 3 minutes or until hush puppies are golden	 turning once. drain on paper towels. 																										
native quinoa salad 																											

time/servings 																											
total: 55 mins 																											
makes: 6 to 8 servings 																											
ingredients 																											
1 3/4 cups quinoa	 any color or variety kosher salt 																										
3 medium tomatoes	 cored and large dice 																										
3/4 cup wild mushrooms coarsely chopped 1/4 cup butter 																											
5 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice	 plus more as needed 2 tablespoons oil 																										
freshly ground black pepper 1/2 cup pine nuts 																											
instructions  																											
1. rinse the quinoa in a strainer under cold water until the water runs clear. 																											
2. place the quinoa in a large saucepan	 cover with about 2 to 3 inches of cold water	 season with 																									
salt	 and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. reduce the heat to medium low and simmer	 																									
uncovered	 until the white outer casings on the quinoa have popped	 revealing translucent little 																									
beads	 about 15 to 20 minutes. 																										
3. strain the quinoa and transfer it to a large bowl. let sit at room temperature until cooled	 about 																										
45 minutes. (or to cool it faster	 spread the drained quinoa in a single layer on a rimmed baking 																										
ñ•heetí¾ ñ–tâ€™ll cool ñ–n about 15 mñ–nuteñ•. then tranñ•fer to a large bowl. you can prepare the recipe 																											
through this step the night before you make the salad.).  																											
sautã© mushrooms in butter. 																											
4. add the tomatoes	 mushrooms	 measured lemon juice	 and oil. season with salt and pepper and stir 																								
to combine. add in the pine nuts. taste and add more salt	 pepper	 or lemon juice as needed. 																									
fruit pemmican 																											
prep time: 0 minstotal time: 30 minsyield: 16 bars 																											
"a fruit version with just eggs and flour. i found this and posted it about 2001 or 2002 

when i was researching native american food. "																											
ingredients 																											
3/4 cup dried apricots 																											
3/4 cup pine nuts 																											
3/4 cup raisins 																											
3/4 cup sunflower seeds 1/2 cup dried apples 																											
2 eggs	 beaten 																										
1 1/2 cups fresh strawberries or 1 1/2 cups frozen strawberries 																											
1/3 cup brown sugar or 1/3 cup blueberries 																											
1/2 cup flour 																											
directions 																											
preheat oven to 3750. put apricots	 apples	 raisins	 pinenuts	 and sunflower seeds in a food processor or grinder. 																							
process until apricots and apples are in fine pieces and nuts are ground fine. transfer mixture to a bowl and add remaining ingredients. mix well and spoon into a buttered 																											
9 x 13 baking dish. bake 30 minutes. cut into bars. plains indian. 																											
grilled summer squash with pine nuts and mint 																											
time/servings 																											
total: 50 mins 																											
makes: 4 servings 																											
ingredients 																											
3 pounds assorted summer squash	 washed and ends trimmed 																										
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 																											
3 tablespoons olive oil 																											
kosher salt 																											
freshly ground black pepper 2/3 cup pine nuts 																											
4 teaspoons coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves 																											
instructions  																											
1. place 1 squash on a cutting board and make a diagonal cut about 1 1/2 inches from one end. 																											
roll the squash a half turn and make another diagonal cut (in the same direction as the first cut) 																											
about 1 1/2 inches from the cut end of the squash. repeat with the rolling and cutting until you reach the end of the squash. this is called a roll cut;  repeat with the remaining squash	 place in a large bowl	 and set aside. 																									
1. place the lemon juice in a medium bowl and whisk in the olive oil in a slow stream 																											

until combined. 																											
season with salt and pepper	 then add half of the dressing to the bowl of squash	 season generously 																									
with salt and pepper again	 toss to combine	 and set aside. 																									
2. meanwhile	 heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to high (about 450â°f to 550â°f).  																										
3. when the grill is ready	 use a slotted spoon to place the squash on the grill. reserve the large 																										
bowl and any remaining dressing in it. cook the squash uncovered	 turning occasionally	 until 																									
charred in spots and crisp-tender	 about 7 to 8 minutes total. 																										
4. return the grilled squash to the large bowl	 add the remaining half of the dressing	 and toss until 																									
evenly coated. let the squash cool until just warm or room temperature	 about 15 minutes. add the 																										
pine nuts and mint and stir to combine. taste and season with more salt and pepper as needed. 																											
wild rice	 pecan	 and cranberry salad 																									
difficulty: easy | total time: 1 hr 20 mins	 plus 1 hr chilling time | makes: 6 to 8 servings 																										
ingredients 																											
for the dressing: 																											
1/4 cup white wine vinegar 																											
3 tablespoons grapeseed or vegetable oil 																											
4 teaspoons pomegranate molasses 																											
4 teaspoons finely chopped shallot  																											
1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest (from 1 orange) 																											
1 teaspoon kosher salt 																											
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper for the salad: 																											
2 cups wild rice 4 cups water 																											
1 cup toasted pecans	 coarsely chopped 3/4 cup dried cranberries	 coarsely chopped 1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh italian parsley leaves kosher salt 																									
freshly ground black pepper 																											
instructions 																											
for the dressing: 																											
whisk all of the ingredients together in a small	 nonreactive bowl until combined and 																										

set aside. for the salad: 																											
place the rice in a fine-mesh strainer and rinse under cold running water to wash off any dust or dirt. 																											
place the rice and measured water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. cover with a tightfitting lid and reduce the heat to low. simmer undisturbed until the rice has absorbed most of the water and the grains have swollen (some may split apart to reveal their white pith)	 about 30 to 60 minutes. (in general	 the longer and darker the kernels of rice are	 the longer they need to cook.) 																								
if some liquid remains after the rice is done	 drain the rice through a colander. return it to the saucepan	 fluff with a fork	 and cook	 uncovered	 over low heat to let any excess liquid evaporate	 about 1 minute. transfer the rice to a large	 nonreactive bowl. add the pecans	 cranberries	 and parsley. rewhisk the dressing	 drizzle it over the rice mixture	 and toss to combine. taste and season with salt and pepper as needed. refrigerate until thoroughly chilled and the flavors have melded	 at least 1 hour. 															
sweet potato hay  																											
served at the 2013 obama inaugural luncheon 																											
prep time: 20 minstotal time: 40 minsservings: 8 																											
about this recipe 																											
the official recipe for sweet potato hay served on january 20, 2013 as part of the first course for the second obama inauguration luncheon hosted by the us senate 																											
ingredients 																											
4 sweet potatoes	 peeled 1 quart canola oil directions 																										
heat oil to 350 degrees in a 1-gallon heavy-bottomed pot. 																											
drain sweet potato and pat dry with paper towels. slice each very thin and cut into fine strips and place in very cold water. 																											
carefully drop a small handful of sweet potato strings in the fryer and allow to crisp and turn golden brown. remove with a small strainer and place on clean paper towels to absorb the excess oil. serve immediately. 																											
southwest all-grain tortillas 																											
2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour or bread flour 1-1/2 cups blue corn masa harina para tortillas or harinilla 																											
1/4 cup whole wheat pastry flour 																											
1/4 cup amaranth flour or mesquite flour 																											

4 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 																											
1-1/2 cups warm water 																											
1/4 cup (1/2 stick) cold butter	 cut into pieces 																										
in a medium mixing bowl using your hands or a wooden spoon or in the bowl of a 																											
heavy-duty electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment	 combine the unbleached flour	 the blue cornmeal	 the whole wheat and amaranth flours	 baking powder	 and salt. cut in the butter until crumbly	 using a fork or pastry blender if making by hand. gradually add the hot water to the flour mixture	 stirring just until the dough sticks together	 clears the sides of the bowl	 and a soft firm ball is formed	  adding a tablespoon of water at a time if the dough seems too dry. cover the dough with plastic wrap and let rest for 45 minutes.to shape the tortillas	 divide the dough into 12 equal portions. shape each into a ball and place on a baking sheet or marble slab. drape each ball around your forefinger	 making a depression on the underside	 which makes a mushroom shape and creates an air bubble to help it roll out into an even round. on a very lightly floured work surface	 flatten the ball with your palm. (the flattened balls can rest on a greased baking sheet	 covered tightly	 for 30 minutes longer	 if necessary.) place one of the portions of the dough between 2 pieces of plastic wrap or wax paper. press in a tortilla press	 turning at regular intervals	 until the desired thickness. or roll out with a rolling pin to a 4-inch round	 1/4 inch thick. stack between layers of plastic wrap to prevent drying out while pressing out the remaining dough. bake as soon as possible.3) to bake the tortillas	 heat a large ungreased heavy cast-iron skillet or comal over medium-high heat until a drop of water dances across the surface. place the tortillas	 one at a time	 in the pan	 and bake for about 2-1/2 minutes. when the dough looks dry and brown spots are formed	 turn over to the other side and bake for 2 to 3 minutes. keep flipping back and forth until the tortilla is soft	 not crisp; it will puff up to l/2 inch thick. it is very easy to overbake	 so pay close attention to the timing. remove each tortilla to a clean towel. cover until serving 
roast leg of lamb in the style of pueblo 																											
adapted from burning tree native grill 																											
time/servings 																											
total: 2 hrs 20 mins	 plus marinating time 																										
makes: 6 servings 																											
ingredients 																											
1 whole bone-in leg of lamb (about 5 1/2 pounds) 																											
2 large garlic cloves	 peeled and cut into thin slivers 1 teaspoon coarse native salt	 plus more as needed 																									
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper	 plus more as needed 																										
2 tablespoons rendered goose or duck fat 																											

2 tablespoons oil 																											
3/4 cup red wine vinegar 																											
2 tablespoons finely chopped ramps 1 cup water 																											
3/4 cup chicken stock 																											
instructions  																											
1. trim off the excess fat and tough outer skin from the lamb	 leaving a thin layer of fat. make about 10 incisions near the leg bone and insert the garlic slivers. rub the meat with the measured salt and pepper	 then coat with the fat and oil. massage into the meat. refrigerate	 loosely covered with plastic wrap	 for at least 3 hours or overnight. remove from the refrigerator 2 to 3 hours before roasting. 																							
2. heat the oven to 500â°f and arrange a rack in the middle.  																											
3. meanwhile	 combine the vinegar and ramps in a small nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. reduce the heat to low and simmer until reduced to 1/3 cup	 about 20 minutes. strain	 reserving the ramps and vinegar separately. 4. place the lamb on a rack in a large roasting pan and roast until browned all over	 about 25 minutes. remove the lamb from the oven and reduce the temperature to 350â°f. 																							
5. pour the reserved vinegar and water into the roasting pan. return the lamb to the oven and roast	 basting with the pan juices every 15 minutes	 until the internal temperature reaches 135â°f to 140â°f for medium rare	 about 1 hour. remove the lamb to a carving board and let rest for 10 minutes.  																								
6. meanwhile	 make the ramp sauce: add the chicken stock and reserved ramps to the drippings in the roasting pan and bring to a boil across two burners over high heat	 scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. season as needed with salt and pepper. slice the lamb and serve with the ramp sauce and fry bread. note: leeks can be used in place of ramps. 																									
native skillet dinner 																											
ingredients  																											
2 tbsp vegetable oil 																											
1 medium onion diced 																											
1 medium green pepper diced 																											
2 medium garlic clove 																											
2 tbsp chili powder â½ tbsp salt 																											
â½ tbsp cumin seed	 ground 32 oz tomatoes	 canned 15 oz kidney beans	 canned 8 oz macaroni	 uncooked 2 oz monterey jack	 shredded 10 oz corn	 frozen 																					

directions  																											
chop the onion and green pepper. drain and rinse the canned beans. cook macaroni per instructions and drain. in a large skillet heat oil over medium high heat. add onion	 green pepper	 garlic	 chili powder	 salt and cumin; saute for about 4 minutes until vegetables are tender. stir in the tomatoes (undrained) breaking them with a spoon. add kidney beans and corn (already thawed); bring to a boil. 																							
reduce heat to simmer and continue cooking for 15 minutes stirring occasionally. 																											
toss in cooked macaroni. sprinkle with the shredded cheese. 																											
american venison stew ii 																											
1 lb venison 																											
3 medium turnips - (to 4) 																											
6 potatoes - (to 7) 																											
1 small winter squash 																											
5 onions peeled	 chopped 																										
1 whole smoked garlic bulb 																											
2 tbsp buffalo jerky 																											
2 small hot chili peppers â½ tsp chili powder salt to taste freshly-ground black pepper to taste 																											
2 tbsp bacon fat - (to 3) 																											
2 tbsp fresh sage - (to 3) 																											
2 tbsp fresh thyme - (to 3) 																											
2 tbsp fresh marjoram - (to 3) 																											
2 bay leaves - (to 3) 																											
2 dozen cornhusks soaked in water water to cover stew directions  																											
cut venison into â½-inch by 1-inch pieces. cut turnip into small pieces. peel and cut potatoes into small pieces. peel and seed winter squash	 cut into pieces smaller than potatoes and turnips. put meat	 vegetables and garlic in clay pot with a top. add jerky	 peppers	 chili powder and salt and pepper. stir in bacon fat. wash herbs well and place them	 with stems on	 on top of other ingredients. fill the cooker with water. put top on pot. cook the ingredients in a crockpot on high for 6 hours	 then overnight on low. 																				

native american casserole    																											
ingredients  																											
2 x 1 lb cans whole white hominy	 drained 																										
2 x 1 lb cans cream style golden corn 4 tbl margarine 																											
8 slc white bread	 crust trimmed	 then slices crumbled 																									
directions  																											
pre heat foil lined greased dutch oven. in a medium pot	 melt margarine	 then remove from heat. stir in bread crumbs. mix hominy and corn in dutch oven. sprinkle crumb mixture over hominy and corn. cover oven and bake about 30 minutes. 																									
native american bread 																											
servings: 8 servings 																											
time: 1 hr 45 min 																											
ingredients: 																											
1/2-ounce active dry yeast (2 (1/4-ounce) packets) 																											
1 1/4 cups warm water (105 to 110 degrees f) 																											
8 cups all-purpose flour 																											
1/4 cup salt 																											
1 cup lard 																											
directions: 																											
begin by making an open fire oven with coals. 																											
in a small bowl	 dissolve the yeast in the warm water and let stand for 5 minutes. in a 																										
separate large bowl	 mix together the flour	 salt	 and lard. knead thoroughly	 and then add the yeast mixture and continue to knead until it has reached a dough consistency. cover dough with a clean kitchen towel and set in a warm dark place to let rise for 45 minutes. divide dough in half and knead again to remove any air pockets. place each half in a separate aluminum pan and press the dough down. push the coals and ashes of the fire to one side	 but do not put fire out. place the aluminum pans on the clean ground of the open fire oven	 and bake for 45 minutes. slice and serve with butter 																					

ancho bison and hominy stew 																											
yield: 6 servings (serving size: 1 1/3 cups) total: 25 minutes  																											
2 tablespoons ancho chile powder  																											
2 teaspoons dried oregano  																											
1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika  																											
1 teaspoon ground cumin  																											
1/2 teaspoon salt  																											
1 1/2 pounds bison stew meat cut into 1/2-inch pieces  																											
1 tablespoon olive oil	 divided  																										
2 cups chopped onion  																											
1 1/2 cups chopped green bell pepper  																											
1 tablespoon minced garlic  																											
2 1/2 cups chicken broth  																											
1 (28-ounce) can hominy	 drained  																										
1 (14.5-ounce) can fire-roasted diced tomatoes	 undrained  																										
preparation 																											
1. combine first 5 ingredients in a large bowl; set 1 1/2 teaspoons spice mixture aside. add bison to remaining spice mixture in bowl	 tossing well to coat. 																										
2. heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large dutch oven over medium-high heat. add bison 																											
mixture to pan; cook 5 minutes or until browned	 stirring occasionally. remove bison 																										
from pan; set aside. add remaining 1 teaspoon oil to pan. add onion	 bell pepper	 and garlic; sautã© 5 minutes or until tender	 stirring occasionally. return bison to pan. add reserved 1 1/2 teaspoons spice mixture broth	 hominy	 and tomatoes; bring to a boil. partially cover	 reduce heat	 and simmer 25 minutes. 																				
rez hardtack  																											
2 cups stone ground flour  1 cup water  																											
combine the flour and water. knead until smooth. sprinkle some flour on a smooth surface and roll the dough flat until it is 1/4 inch thick. cut biscuits out with a can or a glass making each biscuit about 3-4 inches in diameter. poke holes into each biscuit with a fork. place on a floured cookie sheet. it should come out hard and dry.oven: 400 f yield: 12-15 biscuits preparation time: 35-45 																											

 alder-roasted salmon with dill and cranberries 																											
servings: 6 servings 																											
ingredients: 																											
1 cup unsalted butter	 softened 																										
1/4 cup chopped fresh dillweed 																											
1/4 cup chopped dried cranberries 																											
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice 																											
2 teaspoons crushed pink and green peppercorns 1/4 teaspoon salt 																											
6 (8-ounce) king salmon fillets	 with skin 																										
directions: 																											
combine first 6 ingredients. preheat alder plank* in 400â° oven. place salmon	 skin side down	 on plank; cover with butter mixture. bake 10 to 15 minutes or until done. *we recommend a reusable alder plank with a trough cut in the center to hold juices. (see page 231 for a source.) if using a flat disposable alder plank	 place in a shallow baking pan to collect drippings. 																								
native bunuelos  																											
a crunchy	 sweet dessert or a great snack.  																										
prep time: 1 min cook time: 3 min total time: 4 min 																											
ingredients: 																											
 a.. 1 1/2 cup flour  b.. 1/2 cup masa harina  c.. 1/4 cup milk 																											
 d.. 3 tablespoons sugar  e.. 1/4 cup oil or butter  f.. 1 egg 																											
 g.. 1 teaspoon baking powder  h.. 3 tablespoons sugar for topping  i.. 1 teaspoon cinnamon for topping  j.. 1 cup oil (approx.) for frying 																											
preparation: 																											
for the topping	 combine sugar and cinnamon in a shallow dish. sift together the flour and baking powder. seperately	 cream the sugar and oil or butter until smooth. add in the egg	 milk and the masa harina. gradually add in the flour until a dough forms. roll the dough into meatball sized balls	 about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. you can leave them round	 or flatten them into cakes. heat oil in a medium pan until hot. fry dough balls or cakes 6-7 minutes or until golden brown. remove to a paper towel covered plate. using tongs	 place each piece in sugar mixture and shake until well coated	 turning piece over if necessary. serve warm. 																				

acorn squash and wild rice 																											
7 cup water 2 cups wild rice 																											
3 small acorn squash	 cut in half & seeded 2 tbsp butter 																										
2 cups onions	 finely chopped 																										
2 tsp dried sage leaves	 crumbled 																										
2 tbl lemon juice 																											
1/2 cup dried cranberries 																											
1/2 cup toasted pecans	 chopped 																										
1/4 cup  parsley	 chopped            																										
bring water and rice to boil in large heavy saucepan. reduce heat; cover and simmer until rice is tender	 about 1 hour. drain. transfer rice to large bowl. place squash	 cut side down	 on greased baking sheet. bake in preheated 375 f (190 c) oven until tender	 about 40 minutes. cool. using spoon	 scoop out pulp from squash	 leaving 1/4 inch (.5 cm) shell; reserve shells. transfer pulp to medium bowl. reduce oven to 350 f (180 c). melt butter in large non-stick skillet over medium heat. add onions; saute until very tender	 about 15 minutes. add sage; stir 2 minutes. add rice	 squash pulp and lemon juice; stir until mixed	 breaking up squash pulp into smaller pieces. mix in cranberries	 pecans and parsley. season with salt and pepper. divide rice mixture among reserved squash shells. place in roasting pan. bake squash until filling is heated through	 about 25 minutes.  serves 6 																
grandma's red cornbread (creek native american - southern georgia) 																											
4 cups water ground cornmeal (hard to find these days so use stone ground meal) 1 large onion	 dices 																										
1 can stewed tomatoes	 juice and all 																										
1 egg 																											
salt and pepper to taste. 																											
mix all ingredients together and drop by tablespoon into hot fat (we use deep fat from frying fresh caught fish). fry gently until the little balls of cornbread float. be careful not to burn. drain on toweling before eating. 																											
variations: you can add rotel style tomatoes (hot or mild) and omit the onion.you can add tobasco sauce to taste. 																											

squaw corn 																											
4 slices bacon 																											
1 medium green pepper	 chopped 																										
1 small onion	 chopped 																										
1 can (17 ounces) cream-style corn 																											
1 teaspoon salt 																											
1/8 teaspoon pepper 4 eggs	 beaten 																										
fry bacon; set aside. drain all but 3 tablespoons drippings from skillet. cook and stir green pepper and onion in drippings until onion is tender. add remaining ingredients. cook and stir until eggs are thickened throughout but still moist. crumble bacon; sprinkle o 

posted by unknown | 11:10 am
       |
         1 comments
 




thursday, july 07, 2011



                      	 
                      	 acorns: a major north american native food
	                       
                          

              

native american cuisine 



california indians did not have to be farmers, and for the most part were hunters and gatherers. there was a ready supply of deer, fish,rabbits, foul, native plants for vegetables, native fruits, and even sea weed. even so, acorns are said to have been the main food of as many as 3/4 of our native californians. acorns were everywhere, are easy to gather and store fairly well ... as long as your storage places are squirrel tight. some groups buried baskets of nuts until they were needed. some claim that white acorns were the most preferred because they were sweet and often eaten without leaching.  

the most common oaks found in the san francisco bay area are the tan oak, black oak, california live oak, and valley oak. many of these have been seriously endangered through the process of turning pasture land into housing developments, with the live oak being the least threatened -- since this oak is not deciduous, it offers "building development appeal" by remaining "green and healthy looking" all year. 

many of the pomos prefer the tan oak because they feel it has more flavor. many of the miwuks prefer the black oak because it takes less    
leaching to get rid of the tannin. many of us don't like the california live oak because "its too much work for the amount of meal you get compared to the amount of leaching you have to do," "its got no character," "too wormy," or "its too easy to get -- nothing that plentiful can be very good." the list goes on and on. my favorite is the black oak ... with a little tan oak added for character. 

acorns are gathered in the fall after they are ripe, early in the season you will occasionally find acorns without their "little hats" lying on the ground. these are usually buggy. (if the acorn is so heavy that it pulls itself from its cap, it is usually because there is a worm flipping itself about inside the acorn, and all this activity is what breaks the nut free from its cap and the tree.) when the acorns are actually ripe, they fall from the tree, cap intact. if you see any holes in them, throw them away. they are sometimes stored first, to dry them out, and then shelled. other groups shell them first, and then dry them out by placing them someplace safe, yet warm, to dry. for the ultimate in information on processing acorn, refer to a new book about yosemite's julia parker, written by park naturalist bev ortiz which came out in 1992 or 1993. it was published by the same group that produces news from native california, headed by malcolm margolin. 

there is first and foremost, the original recipe: after the acorns are **completely dry** & removed from their shells, the acorns are ground until the meal is so fine that "it will stick to the basket sifter" when it is turned upside down. when you have determined that you have ground the acorns to "primo" consistency, you must then leach it. this was traditionally accomplished (before we had woven cloth to work with) by building a mound of fine sand, near a spring or the river, and then scooping out the center. the meal you wished to leach was placed in the center of this mound and water poured over a clean cedar bough which was placed or held above the acorn meal. the tannin would leach out of the acorn meal and harmlessly down into the sand. when tasting it showed the tannin had been removed, the meal was carefully removed from its sand "colander" and put into a cooking basket. water is added -- the correct amount for the amount of acorn meal you are going to use, which is something that takes a while to adjust to. too much water will require cooking longer to get the consistency you want. not enough water and the acorn will burn. then special cooking rocks were heated in a fire, rinsed off, and using special stirring sticks, the rocks were stirred in the basket to heat the acorn solution thoroughly. as each rock cooled down, it was removed, and another hot clean rock took its place in the cooking basket. the rock that had been removed was washed off and placed back in the fire to reheat and await its turn to become a cooking implement once again. in what seems like no time at all, the acorn soup is boiling, and the stirring continues until the soup is of the desired consistency -- either thin to eat with a spoon, or thicker to eat with a fork, depending on what the "cook" has in mind. though the above "soup" was eaten straight by the traditional people, i usually add a little salt, and occasionally some dried currents or blue elderberries, or even raisins. some people like to add a little cinnamon. 

the rocks are saved for the next time, since finding perfect rocks that    
won't explode when subjected to heat, or won't crumble into the food,     
or give a bad taste, etc., are not as easy to find as you might think. the baskets, tools, implements, rocks, etc. used to cook acorn are considered a family legacy and kept within a family to be passed down from generation to generation. what makes a good cooking basket is the subject of another dissertation and shall not be gone into at this time. ask the next expert basket weaver you meet to explain to you how a cooking basket is made. 

alternative leaching methods, & natural dying uses 

the alternative method of leaching, which i personally use (as do most of the people i have spoken to about this subject) is to take my winnowing basket (or a broad-bottomed basket), place a clean, "white" unbleached cloth (like a tea towel used just for this purpose....which will never be white again) in the bottom of the basket, and then place your finely ground acorn meal on top of the cloth. then i get a piece of cedar branch (new growth preferred and place it on top of the acorn meal and run water on it, very slowly. i place my basket on top of a large cooking pot (so that i can save the tannin water) in such a way that when the pot fills up, my basket won't be sitting in the water, and the pot can overflow. i check on the leaching process periodically, so i can empty the soup kettle as it fills. since i am also a weaver and spinner, who does natural dying on occasion, a day or two before i know i'm going to be leaching acorn, i wash any uncolored wool fleece i may have on hand that i will want to dye later, or any white yarn i want to dye in the near future...if i remember. sometimes i don't plan ahead. anyway, as the acorn leaching pot fills, i will pour this tannin-filled water into the washing machine, where i later place up to 3 or 4 lbs of clean white wool or yarn to soak up the tannic acid solution. when i am ready to dye the wool at a later date, the color will come out much more dramatically that it would if i had used "untreated fleece". 

another way i have heard of to leach acorn, which i have never tried and probably never will, is to scrub the water tank on your toilet to remove any algae, and use this "sanitary" part of your toilet to leach  your acorn meal. it makes sense to use water that otherwise is wasted but it doesn't seem like a very aesthetic topic of conversation for a public gathering ... i can hear it now: "gee, this acorn mush isn't half bad .... you must have leached it really thoroughly." "why yes i do; i let it sit in a clean muslin bag in my toilet tank for a week or so..." then watch your dinner guests put their food down, never to eat at your camp fire again. the girl that shared this bit of information with us had just remodeled her house, had a brand new toilet, and hence no green film in the tank, so she thought it was the perfect opportunity to try out a method she had heard of, or had a theory about. she also went on to say, that she was glad her new toilet was a pale brown color because the tannin discolored her the toilet bowl for quite some time.... 

below is a recipe that i have used as recently as last year which is a good one to serve to those who stubbornly believe that acorn meal is yucky ... they'll never even know its there unless you tell them later -- and then they'll say things like "oh, that's why it was so bland,"or "oh, that's why i didn't like it," or "that's why it got hungry an hour later." if you want to be sure you are actually tasting the meal, use the recipe exactly as is. once you feel confident that you wish to include the meal, but you want to add more character to the stew, feel free to add garlic, green pepper, carrots, etc. the acorn then replaces the starch of the potato, and provides you with more nutrition than the potato would provide.

acorn flour and starch is commercially produced in korea where it is used in their cuisine to make a pudding. you can buy this in almost all korean or asian markets. 

                           

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

traditional venison acorn stew 

to make venison stew, you will need the following: 

2 lbs venison, cut up    
1 cup finely ground acorn meal 

cover venison with water in pot or basket; add hot rocks to simmer until meat almost falls apart. remove meat from broth and chop into fine pieces. return to pot with liquid and stir in acorn meal. serve hot. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

acorn stew 

to make stew, you will need the following: 

1 lb stewing beef    
1/2 c finely ground acorn meal (tannin removed)     
salt and pepper to taste 

place beef in heavy pan and add water to cover. cover with lid and simmer until very tender. remove from liquid and cut meat into very fine pieces. return meat to the liquid. stir in the acorn meal. add salt and pepper as desired. heat until thickened and serve. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

ethnic food enthusiasts like to substitute acorn meal for corn meal when making muffins -- usually using 1/2 corn meal and 1/2 acorn. some have substituted 1/2 of the flour in a biscuit recipe with 1/2 acorn meal. experiment carefully, remembering that a good portion of the work performed by flour has to do with the gluten in the floor. acorn has no gluten, so you'll have to keep this in mind. here is a modern acorn bread recipe from the book "cooking with spirit, - north american indian food and fact", by darcy williamson and lisa    
railsback copyright 1987 by darcy williamson. published by maverick publications, drawer 5007, bend, oregon 97701. 

acorn bread 

to make bread, you will need the following: 

6 tbl. cornmeal    
1/2 c cold water     
1 c boiling water     
1 tsp sale     
1 tbl butter     
1 pkg active dry yeast     
1/4 c lukewarm water     
1 c mashed potatoes     
2 c all-purpose flour     
2 c finely ground leached acorn meal 

mix cornmeal with cold water, add boiling water and cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly. add sale and butter and cool to lukewarm. soften yeast in lukewarm water. add remaining ingredients to corn mixture, along with yeast. knead to a stiff dough. dough will be sticky. cover and let rise in warm place until doubled in bulk. punch down, shape into two loaves, cover and let rise until doubled in bulk. bake at 375 degrees f for 45 minutes. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

acorn griddle cakes 

to make cakes, you will need the following: 

2/3 c finely ground leached acorn meal    
1/3 c unbleached flour     
1 tsp. baking powder     
1/3 tsp. salt     
1 tbl honey     
1 egg, beaten     
3/4 c milk     
3 tbl melted butter 

combine dry ingredients. mix together egg and milk, then beat into dry ingredients, forming a smooth batter. add butter. drop batter onto hot, greased griddle. bake, turning each cake when it is browned on underside and puffed and slightly set on top. makes 12 to 15. 
                               

posted by unknown | 3:41 pm
       |
         1 comments
 




thursday, january 27, 2011



                      	 
                      	 food on the reservation
	                       
                          


native american cuisine information foldersnative american chefsnative american cuisinenative american recipesnative american recipes iinative american restaurantsnative american kitchennative american blogsnative american food historynative american food newsnative american food news iinative american food companiesnative america cook booksnative american food ingredients native american food ingredients iinative american food legendsnative american culinary schoolsnative american huntingcomplete native american cuisine folders

corny chili (slow cooker)

1 pound ground beef

1 pcs small onion, chopped

1 can kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1; 6 oz

2 cans diced tomatoes, undrained, 14.5 oz.; each

1 can whole corn, drained, 11 oz

3/4 cup picante sauce

1 t. chili powder

1/4 to 1/2 t. garlic powder

in a skillet, cook beef and onion over medium heat until meat is no longer 
pink; drain. transfer to a slow cooker. stir in the beans, tomatoes, corn,
picante sauce, chili powder, and garlic powder. cover and cook on low for 3
to 4 hours or until heated through. serve with fry bread or corn chips,
sour cream and cheese if desired
yield: serves 4 to 6

cactus fruit jelly

6-10 pcs red-ripe prickly pear cactus fruits; (tuna)

1/2 cup lemon juice

4 1/2 cups granulated sugar

1 package liquid fruit pectin (3 fluid ounce)

the tohono o'odham in southern arizona harvest this fruit every year.
you should have enough fruit to make 3 1/2 cups of juice. carefully remove
thorns from fruit by wiping with a paper towel and then brushing with a
vegetable brush under water. put fruit in a saucepan with enough water to
cover. boil for 15 to 20 minutes. pour off water and discard. mash or pur e
fruit through a strainer lined with doubled cheesecloth. strain juice into
a large measuring cup. let juice sit for at least 30 minutes to allow
sediment to settle to the bottom. pour off juice carefully. you should have
3 1/2 cups.
in a saucepan combine fruit juice, lemon juice and sugar. bring to a boil
and boil 1 minute. stir in pectin and boil for 1 minute longer. remove from
heat. stir and skim foam off the top. spoon into sterilized jelly jars and
seal.

fried dough

1/2 cup warm water

5 teaspoons yeast

1 pinch of sugar

1 cup warm milk

1/3 cup sugar

1 1/2 teaspoons salt

1 teaspoon vanilla

2 pcs eggs

1/3 cup oil

2 cups unbleached all purpose flour

3-4 cups unbleached bread flour (or all-purp; ose)

oil for frying

granulated sugar for dusting

note: this recipe can also be made in a bread machine on 'dough' cycle.
in a large mixing bowl, stir together the yeast, warm water and a
pinch of sugar. allow to stand a couple of minutes to allow yeast to
swell or dissolve. stir in remaining sugar, milk, vanilla, eggs, oil,
salt, all-purpose flour and most of bread flour (if using) to make a
soft dough. knead 5 to 8 minutes by hand or with a dough hook, adding
flour as needed to form a firmer smooth and elastic dough. place in a
greased bowl. place bowl in a plastic bag and seal. if not using right
away, you can refrigerate the dough at this point. let rise about one
hour. gently deflate dough. if dough is coming out of the refrigerator,
allow to warm about 40 minutes before proceeding.
cut off portions of dough (about the size of a mandarine orange).
stretch or roll into large, thin oblong shapes and place on waxed
paper-lined baking sheet. prepare all dough this way, layering more
paper between the stretched pieces of dough. cover with a wet towel
and let rest 15 minutes. when oil is hot (385 f) fry slabs, one or two
at a time. turn them over as soon as they puff up and fry on other side
for a few seconds to complete.
drain on paper towels. prepare a bowl with a cup or two of white sugar.
toss in one at a time and coat well, shaking off excess in the bowl.
you can also serve these with pie toppings or a dollop of strawberry
or raspberry jam.

maple apple buffalo sausage

1 t. canola oil

1/2 yellow onion, minced

1/2 pound mild pork sausage

1/2 pound buffalo ground

1 granny smith apple, peeled and finely chop; ped

2 t. maple syrup

1 t. minced fresh sage

salt and pepper to taste

heat the canola oil in small sauté pan over medium heat an add onion.
sauté for 5 to 6 minutes or until tender. remove onion to a bowl using
a slotted spoon, reserving pan drippings. mix sausage. buffalo, apple,
syrup,sage, sautéed onion, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix well. divide
sausage mixture into twelve equal portions and shape each portion into
a patty. cook patties in reserved pan drippings until cooked through
and brown. drain.
yield: makes 11/2 doze

rez hardtack

2 cups stone ground flour

1 cup water

combine the flour and water. knead until smooth. sprinkle some flour on a
smooth surface and roll the dough flat until it is 1/4 inch thick. cut
biscuits out with a can or a glass making each biscuit about 3-4 inches in
diameter. poke holes into each biscuit with a fork. place on a floured
cookie sheet. it should come out hard and dry.oven: 400 f
yield: 12-15 biscuits preparation time: 35-45

corn chip cookies

1 c brown sugar

1/2 c shortening

1 ea egg

1 c flour

1/2 ts soda

1/2 ts vanilla

1/2 c crushed corn chips

1/2 c chopped pine nuts

cream sugar, shortening and egg. stir in flour, soda and vanilla. mix
well. add chips and nuts. drop by teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie
sheet. bake 10 minutes.

wild pecan cookies

1 1/2 cups butter, softened

1 cup confectioners' sugar

1 tbsp vanilla

3 cups flour

1 1/2 cups ground pecans

confectioners' sugar

preheat the oven to 350 f. line the baking sheets with parchment paper.
in a large bowl, beat the butter, confectioners' sugar, and vanilla at
medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy. gradually beat in
the flour and pecans. roll the dough into 1-inch balls. place the
balls, 2 inches apart, on the prepared baking sheets. bake for 10 to
12 minutes or until lightly browned. let cool on the pans for 2
minutes. remove from the pans and place on wire racks. sift the
confectioners' sugar over the cookies while still warm. cool completely.
yield: makes about 3 1


green chile chowder

2 pcs jalapeños

4 pcs poblano peppers

1 tablespoon of butter

1 pc onion, diced

2 cloves of garlic, minced

1/2 cup of cilantro

2 pounds of potatoes, peeled and diced

4 cups of chicken or vegetable broth

1/2 teaspoon cumin

1 1/2 cups of milk

1 cup of half and half

1 pc limejuice from

salt and black pepper to taste

cook the poblanos and jalapeños under the broiler for about five minutes
on each side or until thoroughly blackened.(the jalapeños will probably cook faster so
 remove them first) place poblanos in a paper bag, close it and let them steam for 15 minutes.
meanwhile, remove stems from jalapeños and dice the peppers.
after 15 minutes, take the poblanos out of the bag and rub off the skin.
remove seeds and stem and then dice the chiles.
in a large pot, heat on medium the butter until it's melted.
add the onions and cook them for 10 minutes or just until they're about
to brown.throw in the garlic and cook for another minute.
add to the pot the chiles, the potatoes, the chicken broth, the
cilantro, the cumin, salt and black pepper.bring to a boil and then simmer for 
20 minutes or until the potatoes are tender.scoop out 2 cups of the soup and set aside.
puree the rest of the soup until smooth and then mix the smooth with the
chunky.add the milk and half and half to the soup and cook until warm.
squeeze in the lime juice and serve either warm or chilled, with cheese,
tortilla chips and extra cilantro.
yield: 8 servings

cranberry doughnuts

1 pc egg

1/2 cup sugar

1 tablespoon butter, melted

1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour

2 teaspoons baking powder

1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon

1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/2 cup milk

1/2 cup chopped fresh or frozen cranberries

oil for deep-fat frying

additional sugar

when cranberries are in season, i get this recipe out and make these
tasty doughnuts. when my children were small, i'd usually double the
recipe and sometimes the doughnuts would all be gone before they could
cool.in a bowl, beat egg; add sugar and butter. combine flour, baking powder,
cinnamon, nutmeg and salt; add to sugar mixture alternately with milk.
stir in cranberries. heat oil in an electric skillet or deep-fat fryer
to 375°. drop tablespoonfuls of batter into oil. fry doughnuts a few
at a time, turning with a slotted spoon until golden, about 2 minutes
per side. drain on paper towels; roll in sugar while still warm.
notes: country october/november 1995, p49
yield: 9 servings 

pheasant casserole

1 pc pheasant, cooked and boned

2 pcs onions, chopped

4 c pheasant or chicken broth

1/4 c soy sauce

pepper

1 tb parsley flakes (opt.)

2 c celery, chopped

2 c raw brown rice

1 cn soup, cream of mushroom

1 cn mushrooms (opt.)


blend all and bake in casserole at 300-350 degrees for 2 hours.
yield: 4 servings

southwestern potato salad

3 pounds potatoes, cooked, drained and slice; d 1/2 inch thick

1 cups prepared mayonnaise

2 tablespoons dijon mustard

2 tablespoons fresh lime juice

2 tablespoons ancho chile powder

1/2 teaspoon cayenne powder

1 pc large ripe beefsteak tomato, seeded; and chopped

1/4 cup chopped cilantro

1 pc jalapeno, finely diced

2 pcs scallions, chopped, white and green; parts

1 pc medium red onion, halved and thinly; sliced

4 cloves garlic, finely chopped

salt and freshly ground pepper
1. place potatoes in a large pot and cover by 1-inch with cold water. add 1
tablespoon of salt and bring to a boil over high heat. cook until fork
tender, 12-15 minutes, drain well. let cool slightly then slice into 1/4-inch thick slices 
and place in a large bowl.
2. stir together the remaining ingredients in a medium bowl and pour the
mixture over the potatoes and mix gently until combined. season again with
salt and pepper to taste.
notes: bobby flay yield: servings: 4-6

southwestern fries

2 tablespoons ancho chile powder

1 tablespoon kosher salt

5 pcs large idaho potatoes, peeled

1 quart vegetable oil

salt

1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro


1. combine spices in a small bowl.
2. cut potatoes into 1/4-inch thick slices then cut each slice into
1/4-inch thick fries. place fries in a large bowl of cold water.
3. heat oil in a large, straight-sided skillet to 325 degrees f. drain
fries in batches on paper towels. fry each batch for 3-4 minutes or until a
pale blonde color and remove to a sheet pan lined with paper towels.
4. increase the heat of the oil to 375 degrees and fry the potatoes again,
in batches, until golden brown. remove to a sheet pan lined with paper
towels and season with the chile mixture and cilantro.
notes: bobby flay

corn with roasted chiles, creme fraiche & cotija cheese


3 tablespoons canola oil

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r

2 cloves garlic, finely chopped

1 pc roasted serrano chile, finely diced

1 pc small roasted poblano chile, finely; diced

1 pc roasted red pepper, finely diced

8 ears fresh corn, kernels removed

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r

2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter

2 tablespoons crème fraiche

1 pc lime juice of

2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro

1/4 cup grated cotija cheese

1. heat the oil in a large sauté pan over medium-high heat. add onions and
cook until soft. add garlic and serrano chile and cook for 1 minute. stir
in the poblano, red pepper and corn and cook until the corn is tender,
about -810 minutes.
2. stir in butter, crème fraiche, lime juice and cilantro; transfer to a
serving bowl and sprinkle with cotija cheese.
notes: bobby flay yield: serves: 4


tequila-lime chicken with tex-mex chimi-chop

1/2 cup tequila

4 pcs limes juice of

1 tablespoon hot sauce

1/4 cup vegetable or canola oil

4 pcs bone-in, skin-off chicken breasts

salt and ground black pepper

1/2 cup cilantro leaves, finely chopped

1/4 cup mint leaves, finely chopped

1/2 red onion, finely chopped

2 pcs jalapeño peppers, seeded and finely; chopped

3 tablespoons red wine vinegar

1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil

in a large bowl, combine the tequila, lime juice, hot sauce and
vegetable or canola oil. add the chicken to the mixture and marinate
for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight.
when ready to cook, preheat oven to 400ºf or grill to medium.
shake the excess marinade off the meat and season the pieces with salt
and pepper. grill or roast the meat until cooked through, about 40
minutes in the oven or 8 minutes per side on the grill.
while the meat is cooking, stir together the herbs, red onion, jalapeño,
red wine vinegar and evoo in a medium-size bowl. season the mixture
with salt and pepper. serve the finished chicken topped with the tex-
mex chimi-chop and grilled romaine with caesar-cado dressing alongside.
yield: 4 servings

jalapeno squares

8 pcs medium jalapenos, chopped.

3 cups shredded monterey jack cheese and/o; r cheddar cheese

2 pcs med tomatoes, peeled & sliced

4 pcs large eggs

1 1/2 cups evaporated milk

1/4 cup flour

1 teaspoon salt

sliced avocado and sour cream for g; arnish

preheat oven to 350 degrees. lightly butter an 11x7 glass baking dish.
arrange the peppers on the bottom of the casserole. top with an even layer
of the cheese and then the sliced tomatoes. in a large bowl, whisk the eggs
until they are frothy. gradually whisk in the evaporated milk, flour and
salt. carefully pour over the layers in the dish. bake 50- 60 minutes, or
until lightly browned. serve in squares and garnish with sour cream and
avocado slices.

huckleberry fritters

1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder

1/2 cup granulated sugar

1/2 cup water

2 cups huckleberries or blueberries

3 cups unbleached flour

3 pcs eggs

oil (for deep frying)

huckleberry fritters recipe directions:
wash berries and allow to drain well. sift dry ingredients together into a
mixing bowl. beat eggs with water until foamy. mix quickly into dry
ingredients. fold in berries.heat oil or shortening in deep heavy skillet to 350 degrees f.
drop batter by tablespoonsful into the hot oil. turn fritters frequently so
that they brown to a deep golden color on all sides. drain on paper towels
and serve hot.

cranberry fritters

1 1/2 cups unbleached flour

1 tablespoon baking powder

1/2 cup plus

1 tablespoon milk

1/4 cup dark brown sugar

1/4 teaspoon sal

t3/4 cup fresh cranberries

3/4 cup granulated sugarconfectioners' suga; r (optional)

oil (for deep frying)

cranberry fritters recipe directions:
wash cranberries and dry on paper towels. sift dry ingredients together and
mix in milk gradually to form a stiff dough. with well-floured hands,
pinch off 1 teaspoon of dough and make an indentation. sprinkle a little
brown sugar in the indentation and place a cranberry in the center. roll
dough around the berry. balls should be about the size of a large marble.
heat oil in a deep, heavy kettle until the temperature reaches 375 degreesf.
drop fritter balls into the hot fat and fry, turning, until they are deep
golden brown on all sides. drain on paper towels. if desired, shake
confectioners' sugar over the fritters just before serving. serve hot.

corn and pumpkin dessert

1 small pumpkin

1/2 cup whole wheat flour

2 ears corn, cut from cob

sugar or honey


corn and pumpkin dessert recipe directions:
peel, seed and slice pumpkin. cover with water and simmer until tender.
place corn kernels in a pie plate and bake at 350 degrees f for 15 minutes.
enjoy corn and pumpkin dessert!


grilled creamed corn

salt and pepper

1 pinch cayenne pepper (optional)

8 ears corn, husked

2 tbs butter

2 tbs flour

1 1/4 cups milk

3 tbs cream cheese

heat a grill. arrange the corn on the grate and grill, turning
occasionally, until the kernels are golden brown and softened. remove the
corn kernels from the cobs, discard the cobs. lower the grill temp.
(2.) heat a cast iron skillet over the grate. add the butter to melt, then
whisk in the flour until combined and foaming. whisk in the milk and cream
cheese and cook until smooth and thick. stir in the corn kernels, season
with salt, pepper and the cayenne if using, and cook until heated through,
then serve.yield: makes 6 serving


roast pheasant in applejack and cream sauce

2 pcs pheasant

1/4 cup onion, finely chopped

2 tablespoons butter

2 pheasant livers, finely chopped

1 1/2 cups day old bread, cubed

2 tablespoons butter

1/2 cup apple, chopped and peeled

1 tablespoon parsley

2 tablespoons butter, softened

4 slices bacon, halved

1/4 cup apple jack

1/2 cup chicken stock

1/4 cup apple jack

1/4 cup heavy cream

rinse the pheasant and pat dry. sauté the liver in 2 tbsps. butter for 2 to
3 minutes stirring frequently, then pour into a bowl. saute‚ the bread in
a mixture of the pan drippings and 2 tb of butter for 3 to 4 minutes then
add to the liver mixture.
add the apple and the parsley and salt and pepper to taste, mixing well rub
the birds with 2 tb of butter and spoon the stuffing into all the
cavities. truss the birds as you would chickens.
arrange the bacon over the breasts and legs, and place breast side up on
rack in roasting pan. roast in 375 oven for 30 minutes then salt and pepper
to taste.heat 1/4 cup of applejack in small saucepan and ignite and pour over birds.
baste with the pan juices, and bake 10 minutes longer or until brown,
crisp, and tender. 5) place the birds on a heated platter. add the chicken
stock, remaining 1/4 c applejack to the pan juices boiling for 2 to 3
minutes then add the cream, bring to a boil season as desired and serve
over pheasant.

southwest slaw

1/4 heads green cabbage

1/3 heads red (or purple) cabbage

1/4 whole medium red onion, thinly sliced (ab; out 1/2 cup)

1/3 cups cilantro, chopped medium-fine

dressing:

3 tblspns. mayonnaise

2 whole limes, juiced

1 whole chipotle chile, in adobo sauce (can; ned)

1 tablespoon adobo sauce (from the canned chiles; )

1 teaspoon garlic salt



combine all of the dressing ingredients in a small deep mixing bowl.



blend the ingredients well with a stick blender - if you have one, set

aside.



slice the green cabbage thin (just under 1/4â€³) and put it in a very large

mixing bowl. about three cups.



slice red cabbage just like the green and add it to the mixing bowl. about

1 1/2 cups.



add sliced onion, cilantro, and the dressing to the bowl.



stir all of the ingredients well.



cover bowl tightly with plastic wrap, chill for 4 to 8 hours in order for

flavors to blend as the slaw chills.



serve chilled. keep refrigerated.



commodity corn meal mush



1 tablespoon butter

1/2 cup milk

1/2 cup yellow cornmeal

1/2 pound commodity cheese

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon paprika

2 1/2 cups boiling water



make a mush of the cornmeal by stirring it gradually into rapidly boiling

salted water and stirring constantly until the mush leaves sides of

saucepan. pour into a shallow pan. refrigerate.



when cold, cut into small squares. melt cheese in top of double boiler. add

milk gradually, stirring constantly to blend. arrange layers of mush and

cheese mixture in a buttered baking dish and sprinkle with paprika. bake at

350 degrees f for 20 minutes or until lightly browned on top.





calabacitas



2 tbsp. butter

1 tsp. salt

1 tsp. black pepper

1 tsp. garlic powder

2 cups baby squash, yellow and zucchini, s; liced 1/2 inch thick.

1 cup fresh corn cut off the cob

1 cup chopped onion

1/2 cup chopped tomato

1 can green chiles or 1/2 cup chopped fre; sh pepper (semi-hot)

2 tbsp. chopped fresh cilantro

1/2 cup crumbled queso fresco.

1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded



place butter, salt black pepper, and garlic powder into saut pan or skillet

over medium heat. when hot, stir in the squash and onion and cook until

tender-crisp. stir in the corn, tomato and peppers. cook about 5 minutes.

stir in the chopped fresh cilantro, cook another minute. stir in the queso

fresco. top with cheddar cheese just before serving.





corn chowder (mi’kmaq)



3-4 slices of bacon cooked until crisp, cooled; and crumbled

(sauté veggies in the drippings)

2 cups of diced potatoes

1 cup of diced green, yellow, red peppers; (sautéed)

1/2 cup diced onion (sautéed)

chopped garlic to taste (sautéed)

1 cup of kernal corn

1/2 cup of cream corn

salt and pepper



cook until tender the potatoes, add sautéed veggies and corn. note:

cook in homemade chicken stalk and with bisquits or bannock this can

be a complete meal.





wild grape dumplings (seminole)



use possum grapes when ripe in the fall. they grow in the woods and along

creek banks. cook ½ gallon wild possum grapes til they are boiling, using

just enough water to cover. strain through a clean sack. make dumplings out

of 12 cup grape juice, 2 cups flour, 2 tsps. baking powder and 1 tsp

shortening. stir grape juice into dry ingredients to make a stiff dough.

add a tbsp or two of grape juice if needed. sweeten the boiling grape

juice left and boil in juice.



note: in texas, we generally call the wild grapes 'mustang grapes'. they

usually ripen in early summer and are very plentiful. i always gather

plenty

for grape juice to drink and to use in jelly making. this dessert is

credited

to the seminoles, but the chickasaws choctaw, comanches, and cherokees in

texas and oklahoma make equal use of this recipe and the wild grapes that

grow so abundantly.





nice'n tender venison roast



if want u can cut roast into 1/4 or 1/2 & add 1 can creme of mushroom or

chicken soup& 1/2 can water...lots of cut up onion.. depending on the size

of roast.. use more crème of mushroom or chicken soup & water.. cook in

crock-pot nice'n slow .. i let cook from morn till afternoon.. is so good

..

its a tender roast & cooked w/ the creme mushroom or chicken soup.. makes a

rich tasty gravy...yummmy :)





texmex red bean pesto



lowcal (less than 300 cals), veggie, lowercarbs, condiment



5 ounces dry kidney beans; soaked

2 cloves garlic

1 jalapeno pepper; cored and seeded

1/4 cup water

1/2 cup corn oil

1 1/2 teaspoons cider vinegar

1/2 teaspoon paprika

1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper

1/4 teaspoon chili powder

1/4 teaspoon salt

1 dash tabasco sauce



drain beans, place in a saucepan, and cover with cold water. bring to a

boil, then lower heat and simmer until beans are tender, about 45 minutes.

drain, and cool completely. (to save time, use 15 ounces of canned beans)



in the bowl of a food processor, chop garlic and jalapeno pepper. add

beans. process beans while slowly pouring the water and oil throug feed

tube. add remaining ingredients and process utnil smooth. adjust

seasonings to taste.



recipe makes eight servings. serving size: 10 ounces





apple chipotle jelly





2 tbl minced chipotle chilies 3 to 4 whol; e chilies

2 cups apple juice

6 1/2 cups sugar

1 cup cider vinegar

1 3/4 oz dry fruit pectin 1 box as sure-jell



if using dried chipotles, soak them in 1/2 cup warm apple juice for 30

minutes, then remove the stems and mice the chilies. if using canned

chipotles, mince them. for a milder jelly, you can remove the seeds.



combine the sugar, remaining apple juice, vinegar, and chipotles in a

large heavy saucepan and stir to mix. simmer the mixture over medium heat,

stirring gently, until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 5 minutes.

skim off any foam that rises to the surface.



stir in the dry and liquid pectins and boil for 2 minutes. skim well. pour

the mixture into sterile jelly jars (three 1-pint jars or six 1-cup jars)

and cover tightly. invert the jars for 10 minutes, then reinvert. shake

the jars from time to time as the jelly cools, to evenly distribute the

pepper pieces. the jelly will keep for several months in a cool, dry dark

place, unopened. refrigerate it, once it is opened.



authornote: hot and smoky is this jelly, which goes great with grilled

vegetables and veggie burgers, not to mention on sandwiches with low-fat

cream cheese. chipotles (smoked jalapenos) provide the firepower. the

chipotle of choice is a long, wrinkled tan-brown chili called chipotle

grande.



yield: 6 cups





pepita crusted halibut with cilantro serrano cream



4 pcs 6 ounce portions halibut fillets, s; kin removed

1 pc large egg, beaten

1/2 cup flour, all purpose

1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper, fresh cracked

1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt

1 cup pepitas

1/4 cup canola oil

cilantro cream:

1/4 cup shallot, minced

1 teaspoon serrano pepper, seeds removed and m; inced

2 tablespoons butter, unsalted

1 cup cilantro, rough chop

1 cup half and half

1 tablespoon lime juice, fresh

1/2 teaspoon salt, sea



season all sides of the halibut with the teaspoon each salt and pepper,

combine the flour and the remaining salt and pepper. roll fish in flour,

shake off excess, dip just the top of the fillet in the beaten egg, then

into the pepitas, pressing gently for even coverage. set on a plate, seed

side up, and repeat with remaining halibut. cover loosely and refrigerate

for 15 minutes.



while fish is resting prepare the cilantro cream, hold warm.

sauce: in a small saucepan over medium high heat, melt the butter, add in

the shallot and serrano and sauté for 1 minute. add in the heavy cream and

cilantro and bring to a low simmer. stir frequently for 6 - 8 minutes or

until reduced by half. remove from heat and blend with a stick blender

until smooth, add in lime juice and salt. keep warm, or reheat gently.



preheat an oven to 300 degrees fahrenheit. heat a nonstick skillet over

medium high heat and add the canola oil. cook the fish, pepita side first

in the pan, flipping gently and cooking on all sides for 2 minutes or until

golden. gently place on a baking rack fitted with a rack, finish in oven,

to reach an internal temperature of 145 degrees f.



serve topped with the cilantro cream.

cook time: 12 minutes

active time: 30 minutes



notes: guy fieri



yield: 4 servings



preparation time: 20 mi





grilled corn hush puppies - southern usa



lowcal (less than 300 cals), veggie, lowercarbs, lowfat (less than 15%)



3/4 cup stone-ground cornmeal

1/3 cup all-purpose flour

1 teaspoon baking powder

1 teaspoon baking soda

3/4 teaspoon salt

1/4 cup cooked corn kernels; preferably grilled

1/4 green bell pepper; very finely chopped

3 scallions; trimmed and minced

1 garlic clove; minced

1 pickled jalapeno chili; minced (optional)

1 egg; beaten

1/2 cup buttermilk; or milk, approximately

for frying:; about 2 cups vegetable oi



combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and alt in a

mixing bowl and whisk to mix. whisk in the corn, bell pepper, scallions,

garlic and chili.



make a well in the center and add the egg and buttermilk. whisk just to

mix, adding buttermilk as necessary to obtain a thickish batter. mix as

little as possible.



just before serving, pour the oil to a depth of at least 1 inch in a small

frying pan or electric skillet, and heat to 350f. using 2 spoons, drop

1-inch balls of batter into the oil. fry, turning with a slotted spoon or

wire skimmer, until golden brown, about 2 minutes total. work in several

batches, so as not to crowd the pan.



using a slotted spoon, transfer the hush puppies to paper towels to drain.

arrange the fritters on a platter lined with a doily and serve at once.



makes 20 hush puppies.



authornote: to most people, floridian cuisine means the cosmopolitan

cooking of our southern cities, like miami. but a meal at a roadhouse or

breakfast joint in more backwater parts of the state will quickly remind

you that florida is part of the deep south. i'm not sure what a north

floridian would make of these hush puppies, which features such newfangled

additions as grilled corn and pickled chilies, but in our house, they're

always devoured with gusto. for the best results use a stone-ground

cornmeal, preferably organic.



cornmeal fried catfish



1/2 cup finely ground yellow cornmeal

1/2 cup cake flour

2 teaspoons ground cayenne pepper

1 teaspoon paprika

1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasonin; g the fish

1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus m; ore for seasoning the fis

6 cups vegetable oil

2 pounds catfish fillets, cut into 3- to 4-o; unce strips

lemon wedges, for serving

rémoulade, for serving



total: 30 mins

1. place cornmeal, flour, cayenne, paprika, salt, and pepper in a shallow

dish and whisk to thoroughly

combine.



2. heat vegetable oil over medium heat in a 12-inch cast iron skillet to

350°f. line a plate with

several layers of paper towels; set aside.



3. use a paper towel to blot the fish pieces dry, season on all sides with

salt and pepper, then

dredge in the cornmeal mixture, being sure to cover all sides. tap fish

pieces lightly to shake off

any excess coating.



4. fry fish in batches, turning once, until deep golden brown and crisp on

the outside with a flaky

interior, about 6 minutes total.



5. remove fish from the pan with a slotted spatula to the

paper-towel-lined plate to drain. while the

pieces are still hot, season well with salt. serve with lemon wedges and

rémoulade.



yield: 4 servings



preparation time: 20 mi





deer camp venison chili



4 cans italian stewed tomatos

1 5 oz. can of tomato paste

1 jar brook's spicy chili beans

1 pc whole onion, chopped/diced

4 pcs jalapino peppers,sliced and deseede; d

2 cups chopped celery

1 tbs crushed red peppers

1 tsp salt

white pepper to taste



brown your venison in a fairly deep pot.



add your chopped onion, peppers, celery and crushed peppers. simmer 'til

onions are transparent. this will only take a few minutes. stir well.



add your italian stewed tomatos, tomato paste and brook's chili beans.



add your white pepper to taste.



turn heat to a simmer for as long as you like. the longer the better, but

just be sure to stir often



if you feel it to be too spicy, add a tbs or 2 of sugar to your chili. it

will ease the fire!



it's great over frito's, or just as is.



warning........you may gas your buddies out of deer camp by the end of the

evening!







venison marinade



1/2 cup soy sauce

1/2 tsp garlic powder

1 tsp onion powder

2 tbsp sugar

1/4 cup white wine

1 scant tsp ground ginger

1/2 cup olive oil

1/2 cup water



marinate venision steaks, backstraps at least 3-4 hours, overnight is fine

also. turn meat 2-3 times during the marinating. grill at med/high heat 3-4

min per side. marinate also works well to inject into roasts. also works

well with bison,elk,moose and pork. enjoy!!





southwestern seasoning blend



2 1/2 tbsp chili powder

1 tbsp ground coriander

1 tbsp kosher salt

1 tbsp dried oregano

2 tbsp paprika

1 tsp black pepper

2 tsp ground cumin

1 tsp cayenne pepper or crushed red peppe; r



measure all ingredients into a jar or zip top bag. this is a mixture that

you can use on just about anything when you want that southwest flavor

kick. try it on eggs, fish, or chicken for a powerful tex-mex taste.



be willing to experiment with these and try some variations if you dare! be

careful when handling two things though, raw eggs or meats, and red pepper

or cayenne. always wash your hands thoroughly after handling meat and

whatever you do, don’t rub your eyes for at least two days after touching

cayenne … trust me … the voice of experience!





wild pecan nut cookies



2 pcs eggs

1 cup sugar

7 ounces ground pecans

cut pecans for decoration



beat the eggs and sugar until light and fluffy. fold in the ground

pecans. take a rounded teaspoon of the batter and drop it on a

very well greased cookie sheet (preferably lined with parchment paper).

space well apart from each other. drop one half pecan nut on the top of

each cookie. bake at 325 f for 15 to 20 minutes



jalapeno buttered corn



2 pcs jalapeno chiles

8 tablespoons (1 sti unsalted butter, softened

1 clove garlic , minced

2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r

4 ears fresh corn, husks and silks removed

1 cup crumbled queso fresco cheese



queso fresco is a fresh cheese found at latin markets. a mild feta

could be substituted.

directions

prepare a grill or grill pan to high heat.

grill the jalapenos, turning them occasionally, until charred on all

sides, about 10 minutes. transfer them to a cutting board and let cool

for 5 minutes. keep the grill on high heat.

using a small paring knife, peel the jalapenos. scrape out and discard

the seeds and veins. coarsely chop the chiles and transfer them to a

medium bowl. add the butter, garlic, and parsley and mash together.

season the jalapeno butter with salt and pepper, to taste. put a

square piece of plastic wrap on a work surface. spoon the jalapeno

butter onto the center and roll it up into a 1-inch-diameter log.

refrigerate it until firm, at least 30 minutes, or up to 1 week.

grill the corn on the hot grill or grill pan, turning occasionally,

until it is browned in spots and the kernels are tender, about 15

minutes. transfer the ears to a platter. top each ear with a pat of

the jalapeno butter, sprinkle with queso fresco, and serve.





pecan cranberry loaf



1 1/2 c wholewheat flour

1/2 c brown splenda

1 tsp baking powder

1/2 tsp each baking soda and salt

2 pcs eggs

1 1/2 c buttermilk

1/2 c butter- melted margarine

1 tbsp vanilla extract

1 c dried cranberries

1/2 c chopped pecans



preheat oven to 350. grease a loaf pan and do it very well. in a large

bowl, combine flour, splenda, baking powder and soda and salt. make a well

in the center add eggs, milk and margarine and vanilla. combine.



sprinkle in cranberries and pedans, stir just to combine. bake for 65 to75

min. or until centre come out clean when picked.



prairie land pot roast



1 boneless buffalo shoulder pot roast roast (2; lb.)

1/2 tsp. salt

1/4 tsp. pepper

1 bottle (8 oz.) kraft catalina dressing, divided

2 large onions, sliced

2 lb. yukon gold or all-purpose potatoes,; peeled, cut into 2-inch

1 lb. carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pi; eces

water

2 tbsp. chopped fresh parsley



season meat with salt and pepper. brown in large heavy pot or dutch oven on

high heat in 1/4 cup dressing, turning to brown both sides. add

onions;cook until browned, stirring occasionally.



add remaining dressing, potatoes, carrots and enough water to come 3/4 the

way up side of meat (about 1-1/2 to 2 cups). bring to boil; cover. simmer

on low heat 2 hours or until meat and vegetables are tender.



remove meat from pan; cut across the grain into thin slices. serve meat and

vegetables topped with pan gravy. sprinkle with parsley.



pecan puffs



1 cup butter

4 tbsp. sugar

2 tsp. vanilla

2 cups ground pecans

2 cups flour, sifted

powdered sugar



directionscream butter, add sugar, flour, vanilla and nuts. shape into

small balls and place on greased cookie sheet. bake at 325 degrees f for 20

minutes. when cool, roll in powdered sugar.



arepas - colombia



1 cup arepa flour

1/2 teaspoon salt; scant

2/3 cup coarsely grated monterey jack; or other mild cheese

3 tablespoons unsalted butter; to 4 tablespoons, melted

1 cup very hot water; about



combine the arepa flour, salt, and cheese in a large mixing bowl. stir in

2 tablespoons melted butter and most of the water. knead the mixture with

your hands to obtain a moist, pliable dough. add more water as necessary;

the dough should be the consistency of mashed potatoes. you may not need

all of the water, or you may need a little more.



divide the dough into 8 equal pieces. wet your hands and roll each piece

into a ball, then flatten it to make a patty about 3-inches across and

1/3-inch thick. continue wetting your hands to prevent the dough from

sticking. alternatively, roll out the dough between two sheets of plastic

wrap or waxed paper and cut out 3-inch circles, using a cookie cutter.



heat some of the remaining melted butter in a large skillet or griddle

over medium heat. fry the arepas until crusty and golden brown, turning

once, about 2 minutes per side. work in batches, as necessary, to avoid

crowding the pan. add more butter or oil if needed. serve at once.



makes eight 3-inch arepas, serves 4.



authornote: arepas are a popular colombian snack, a cross between polenta,

pancakes, and grilled cheese sandwiches. thanks to miami's large colombian

community, arepas turn up at carnivals and street fairs, where they're

enjoyed by colombians and non-colombians alike. the following recipe was

inspired by bogota-born caterer, cooking teacher, and pastry chef tania

sigal. arepa flour is made from cooked, finely ground corn. look for it at

hispanic markets. two popular brands of arepa flour are goya and pan.





sofrito and corn risotto



veggie, lowfat (less than 25%)



2 tablespoons annatto oil; or olive oil

1 onion; finely chopped

1 red bell pepper; cored, seeded, and diced

1 cup grilled corn kernels; or cooked corn kernels

2 garlic cloves; minced

1 1/2 cups valencia-style rice; or arborio rice

1/2 cup dry white wine

5 cups stock; or canned broth, heated t

1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese

1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf pars

salt and freshly ground black peppe; to taste



heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. add the onion, bell

pepper, and corn and saute for 3 minutes. add the garlic and saute until

soft and fragrant but not brown, about 2 minutes. stir in the rice and

cook until all of the grains are shiny, about 1 minute.



add the wine and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring constantly. when

most of the wine is absorbed, 1 to 2 minutes, stir in 1/2 cup of the

stock. cook the rice, at a brisk simmer, stirring frequently, until most

of the liquid is absorbed, another 1 to 2 minutes. stir in another 1/2 cup

of the stock and continue cooking and stirring until absorbed.



continue adding the stock, 1/2 cup at a time, until 5 cups have been

incorporated. wait until each batch of broth is absorbed before adding the

next. if the rice is still firm after 20 minutes, ad the remaining 1/2 cup

stock. when ready, the risotto will have a creamy consistency, but the

individual grains of rice will be discernible and al dente. remove the pan

from the heat.



stir in the cheese, parsley, and salt and pepper. the cheese is quite

salty, do you may not need additional salt. guests may wait for risotto,

but risotto does not wait for anyone. serve it at once.



serves 4 to 6





pumpkin pecan pie



3 pcs eggs

1/3 cup sugar

2/3 cup corn syrup

3 tbsp. butter, melted

1 cup pecan halves

1 cup pumpkin

1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice

1/2 cup sugar

1/2 tsp. vanilla

1 unbaked 9 inch pie shell



stir together 1 slightly beaten egg, pumpkin, 1/3 c. sugar and spice.

spread

over bottom of pie shell. combine 2 beaten eggs, corn syrup, 1/2 cup

sugar,

butter and vanilla. stir in nuts. spoon over pumpkin mixture. bake at

350

degrees f for 50 minutes or until set.





cranberry fritters



3/4 cup fresh cranberries

11/2 cups unbleached flour

3/4 cup granulated sugar

1 tablespoon baking powder

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk

1/4 cup dark brown sugar

oil (for deep frying)

confectioners' sugar (optional)



wash cranberries and dry on paper towels. sift dry ingredients together and

mix

in milk gradually to form a stiff dough. with well-floured hands, pinch off

1

teaspoon of dough and make an indentation. sprinkle a little brown sugar in

the

indentation and place a cranberry in the center. roll dough around the

berry.

balls should be about the size of a large marble.



heat oil in a deep, heavy kettle until the temperature reaches 375 degrees

f.



drop fritter balls into the hot fat and fry, turning, until they are deep

golden

brown on all

sides. drain on paper towels. if desired, shake confectioners sugar over

the

fritters just before serving. serve hot.





cranberry fritters



3/4 cup fresh cranberries

11/2 cups unbleached flour

3/4 cup granulated sugar

1 tablespoon baking powder

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk

1/4 cup dark brown sugar

oil (for deep frying)

confectioners' sugar (optional)



wash cranberries and dry on paper towels. sift dry ingredients together and

mix

in milk gradually to form a stiff dough. with well-floured hands, pinch off

1

teaspoon of dough and make an indentation. sprinkle a little brown sugar in

the

indentation and place a cranberry in the center. roll dough around the

berry.

balls should be about the size of a large marble.



heat oil in a deep, heavy kettle until the temperature reaches 375 degrees

f.



drop fritter balls into the hot fat and fry, turning, until they are deep

golden

brown on all

sides. drain on paper towels. if desired, shake confectioners sugar over

the

fritters just before serving. serve hot.





hucleberry cinnamon rolls



for the cinnamon rolls:

6 1/2 tbsp. sugar

1 tsp. salt

5 1/2 tbsp. unsalted butter, at room temperatur; e

1 pc large egg, slightly beaten

1 tsp. lemon zest

3 1/2 cups bread flour

2 tsp. instant (rapid rise) yeast

1 cup plus 2-4 tbsp. whole milk or butter; milk, at room temperature

for the filling:

3 tbsp. plus 1 tsp. sugar

3/4 tsp. ground cinnamon

1 1/2 cups fresh/frozen huckleberries

for the glaze:

3 cups powdered sugar

1 tbsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice

6-7 tbsp. milk

1 tsp. lemon zest



in the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together the sugar, salt and

butter on medium-high speed until smooth. mix in the egg and lemon

zest until incorporated. mix in the flour, yeast and milk until a

dough forms. switch to the dough hook and knead on low speed, about 8

minutes until the dough is silky and supple, tacky but not sticky.

(you may need to add a little extra flour or liquid to achieve this

texture.) lightly oil a large bowl and transfer the dough to the bowl,

turning once to coat. cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room

temperature for about 2 hours, or until doubled in size.



mist a work surface with spray oil. roll it out into a rectangle with

a rolling pin, lightly dusting the dough with flour if needed to keep

it from sticking (about 12 x 14 inches for larger rolls or 9 x 18

inches for smaller rolls). combine the sugar and cinnamon in a small

bowl and mix to blend. sprinkle the cinnamon sugar mixture over the

surface of the dough. sprinkle the berries over the top evenly of the

dough. starting with the wide edge, roll up the dough into a cigar-

shaped log, creating a cinnamon sugar spiral as you roll. pinch the

seam shut, and with the seam side down, slice the log into your

desired number of rolls. transfer them to a baking sheet lined with

parchment paper or a silicone baking mat, placing the rolls about ½-1

inch apart.



cover loosely with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature 75-90

minutes, until the rolls have grown into each other and have nearly

doubled in size. at this point, the rolls can also be covered and

retarded in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. pull the pan out of

the refrigerator 3-4 hours before baking to let the dough proof.



preheat the oven to 350° f. bake for 20-30 minutes, or until golden

brown. let cool in the baking about 10 minutes, then transfer to a

wire rack. whisk together the glaze ingredients in a medium bowl

until smooth and then swirl over the top of the cinnamon rolls. let

cool at least 15-20 minutes before serving.



yield: 8-12 large cinn



cornmeal-crusted catfish





1 pc egg, lightly beaten

2 tablespoons lemon juice

1/2 cup all-purpose flour

1/4 cup yellow cornmeal

1 teaspoon cajun seasoning

1/2 teaspoon garlic powder

1/2 teaspoon salt

4 pcs (6 ounce) fillets catfish

3 tablespoons vegetable oil



1. in a shallow bowl, combine the egg and lemon juice. in another

shallow bowl,

combine the flour, cornmeal, cajun seasoning, garlic powder and salt.

dip

catfish into egg mixture, then coat with cornmeal mixture.



2. in a large skillet, heat oil over medium heat. fry fillets, two at a

time,

for 5-6 minutes on each side or until fish flakes easily with a fork.



yield: 4 servings



jalapeno biscuits





2 cups flour

1 tablespoon baking powder

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/8 teaspoon garlic powder

1 dash of ground cayenne pepper

1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening

1/3 cup shredded cheddar cheese

1/3 cup shredded provolone cheese

1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese

1 pc small jalapeno pepper, seeded and f; inely diced

3/4 cup milk



combine the four, baking powder, salt, garlic powder and

cayenne pepper in a bowl. cut in shortening with a fork until

it resembles coarse crumbs. stir in cheese and diced jalapeno.

add the milk and stir to form a dough. turn onto a lightly

floured surface and knead

until smooth, about 20 times. roll dough into a 1/2 inch thick

circle. using a biscuit cutter or rim of a glass, cut into

rounds.

gather the scraps and roll out again to make more biscuits.

place on a baking sheet. bake at 450f about 11 minutes or until

lightly browned.



fresh corn pudding



saute & set aside:

2 tbs butter

2-3 cups fresh corn, (i cheated and used fro; zen)

1 each red & yellow pepper & onion, all di; ced

mix and add corn mix:

4 pcs eggs

3/4 cups cornmeal

2 tbs sugar

1 cup milk

1/2 cup sour cream

1 cup cheddar cheese

3 tbs fresh basil or 2 tsp dried

3 tbs chives, fresh or dried

salt and pepper.



pour into greased 9 x 13 pan. bake 350 35 minutes.



nativde sunflower seed soup



2 c shelled sunflower seeds

3 pcs scallions, sliced thinly

6 c chicken broth

salt to taste



1. simmer all ingredients in a large pot for about 45 minutes. serve

hot.





spiced pumpkin muffins with prickly pear,pecans and cranberr



2 pcs eggs

1/2 cup butter, softened

1 cup sour cream

1 cup canned pumpkin

1 1/4 cups sugar

1/2 prickly pear chopped

1 1/2 cups flour

2 t. baking powder

2 t. pumpkin pie spice

1 cup cranberries dried

1 cup chopped pecans

sweet butter and honey:

1/2 cup butter, softened, 1 stick

1/4 cup honey

1 t. frozen prickly pear juice concentra; te



beat together first 6 ingredients until blended. mix and add the

remaining ingredients and stir until dry ingredients are just

moistened. do not overmix. divide batter between 12 paper lined muffin

cups and bake at 400 for 25 minutes or until cake tester inserted in

center comes out clean. serve warm with sweet butter and honeybeat butter

until light and fluffy. beat in remaining ingredients until

blended. place butter in pretty bowl or crock and refrigerate until

serving time. remove from refrigerator about 10 to 15 minutes before

serving. makes 3/4 cup butter.



yield: 12 large muffin





irish soda drop biscuits



2 cups flour

3/4 tsp. baking soda

1/2 tsp. salt

1/3 cup sugar

3 tbs. margarine

3/4 cup buttermilk

1 pc egg, lightly beaten



mix together dry ingredients. cut in margarine. mix together milk and egg.

stir into crumbled mixture. drop 2' apart onto greased sheet. bake at 350°

for 10-12 minutes.





catfish stew



1 lb catfish fillets, cut into 2 inch le; ngths

2 pcs medium potatoes, peeled and diced

1can diced tomatoes 14.5 oz

16 oz clam juice

1 cup chopped onion

1 cup water

2 cloves garlic, minced

2 cups hot cooked rice (white or brown)

catfish seasoning mixture ingredien; ts:

1/4 cup paprika

2 tbsp dried oregano, crushed

2 tsp chili powder

1 tsp garlic powder

1 tsp black pepper

1/2 tsp red (cayenne) pepper

1/2 tsp dry mustard



1. in a large pot combine the following ingredients potatoes, diced

tomatoes,

clam juice, chopped onions, water, and garlic. bring pot to boiling. reduce

heat

and cook covered over medium-low heat for about 10 minutes.

2. coat catfish fillets evenly with seasoning mixture and add to pot.

continue

to bowl stew covered for 5 to 10 minutes, until fish flakes easily with a

fork.

3. serve cat fish stew over a bed of hot steamed rice.



yield: 4 servings.





huckleberry cookies



2 cups flour, divided (reserve 1/4 cup)

2 tsp. baking powder

1/2 tsp. salt

3/4 cup huckleberries, wild or frozen

1/2 cup shortening

1 cup sugar

1-1/2 tsp. lemon zest, grated

1 pc egg

1/4 cup milk



heat oven to 375º f. (185º c). combine flour, baking powder and salt.

stir in huckleberries. do not thaw if using frozen berries. cream

shortening until soft, gradually beat in sugar then lemon zest and egg.

add flour mixture alternately with milk, beating until smooth after

each addition. (frozen blueberries could be folded in quickly at end --

dough turns purple as they thaw.) drop by tsp. onto greased cookie

sheet. bake 10 - 12 minutes or until lightly browned.





seared duck breast with rhubarb-black pepper sauce





2/3 cup sugar

5 stalks rhubarb, diced into ¨-inch pieces,; about 2 cups

1 pc large shallot, thinly sliced

1 pc small lemon zest of

1 tablespoon white wine vinegar

1/2 tablespoon black peppercorns, coarsely ground

2 cups stock (veal or chicken), reduced un; til syrupy to about 1/2 c

salt to taste

1 tablespoon butter

2 pc moulard duck breasts

salt

freshly ground pepper



leaves stripped from several sprigs of fresh thyme (or substitute a pinch

of dried thyme)



place sugar in a nonreactive saucepan and let it melt over medium heat

until it caramelizes. watch carefully, as the change from dissolved sugar

to caramel can happen very quickly. just as the sugar begins to turn

golden-brown add the rhubarb, shallot and lemon zest. stir to coat all

ingredients with the caramelized sugar. reduce heat to medium low and add

the vinegar and black pepper. add the reduced stock and stir for a minute

or two to combine. as soon as the rhubarb is soft, remove the mixture from

the heat and season to taste with salt. stir in the butter to finish the

sauce and keep warm until you are ready to serve the duck.



score the fat side of the duck breast in a crosshatch pattern. rub the duck

breasts with salt, pepper and thyme. in a heavy skillet over medium-high

heat, place the duck breasts skin-side down. cook for about 4 minutes, then

turn and cook on the other side for about 4 more minutes (or until the

temperature on a meat thermome-ter reads 125 degrees), for medium rare.

move the duck breasts to a cutting board and allow to rest for several

minutes before slicing. arrange the slices attractively on 4 serving plates

and spoon the rhubarb-black pepper sauce over the top.



yield: serves four.





creamy baked custard wild rice pudding



4 pcs eggs or 2 eggs and 4 whites

2 cups indian harvest wild rice (cooked)

3 cups milk, soy or rice milk

1 cup brown sugar or maple syrup

1 teaspoon nutmeg

1/2 tsp salt

1 1/2 cup raisins or other dried fruit, diced; (optional)



lightly grease a 2 quart casserole or baking dish. put in the eggs and beat

well. add remaining ingredients and stir well. bake in 350°f oven for 1

hour or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. serve warm or

cold, plain or with cream, whipped cream, or maple syrup.



yield: serves 12





cornmeal and smoked salmon muffins



1 cup cornmeal

1/2 cup self-rising flour

3 tbsp sugar

1+2 pcs eggs

1/2 cup of 35% cream

6 oz. smoked salmon, chopped fine

4 oz. cut cooked corn kernels (canned, fr; ozen or fresh



combine cornmeal, sifted flour and sugar in a bowl.

stir in a combined mixture of one egg and buttermilk; whisk well.

whisk extra eggs and cream in another bowl until combined, stir in

salmon and corn.

spoon 1 1/2 level teaspoons of cornmeal mixture into a greased muffin

pan, top with 1 1/2 level teaspoon of the salmon mixture.

repeat with the remaining mixture.

bake in a 375ºf oven for about 12 minutes or until muffins are lightly

browned.





kalachky





1/2 cup margarine

1 pkg. cream cheese, 3 oz

1 cup sifted flour

1 cup apricot jam or cherry puree

powdered sugar



cream butter and cream cheese. gradually add flour. work in. roll out paper

thin and cut into 2 inch rounds. spread jam. fold to center and press

down. bake at 375 for 15 minutes. while warm, sift on powdered sugar.



notes: julie zimmer, my mom's friend, recipe from 1967



jalapeno or habanero jelly





2 pcs orange bell peppers*

5-15 pcs jalapeno or habanero peppers**

5 cups full granulated sugar

11/2 cups cider vinegar

i box dry pectin or sure jell etc.

i tsp. butter prevents foaming

6 pcs canning jars ( pint) sterilized

7 pcs canning lids sterilized



** (normally around 8-12 depends on size) (do not remove seeds)

* (may use green or red depending on color desired)

(you may also want to use some food coloring to reach desired color)



seed and stem bell peppers, cut into pieces and process in a food

processor. do not puree. cut stems off peppers (you may seed a few of them)

leave as many seeds as you want. process in a food processor as with the

bell peppers.



(removing the seed from the jalapeno or habanero peppers will also remove

part of the vein, therefore reducing the heat of the jelly.



place sugar in a separate bowl. place the habaneros or jalapenos, bell

peppers, vinegar, dry pectin and buffer in a large stainless steel pot.

bring this to a rolling boil (one that does not stop when stirred) stirring

constantly. add sugar immediately to the pepper mixture. return to a

rolling boil and boil exactly one minute. stirring constantly. remove from

heat and skim off any foam. immediately fill jars to ¼ inch from the top.

cover with flat lids and screw bands down tightly. you may invert jars for

a few minutes to distribute the peppers. after jars are cool check the seal

by pressing middle of top with your finger. if the bubble springs up jars

are not sealed,



failure to boil correctly will result in mixture not jelling. if this

happens you may want to reboil the mixture.



yield: 6 half pints





pumpkin oatmeal loaf





2 cups all-purpose flour

1 cup uncooked oatmeal

2 teaspoons baking powder

1 teaspoon baking soda

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

1/2 cup shortening

11/4 cups sugar

2 pcs eggs

11/2 cups pumpkin

3/4 cup buttermilk

1 teaspoon vanilla extract



preheat oven to 350°f. grease a 9x13-inch pan.



combine the flour, oatmeal, baking powder, baking soda, salt and nutmeg.

mix well and set aside.



at medium speed of an electric mixer, cream together the shortening and

sugar until light and fluffy. add the eggs, one at a time, beating

well after each addition.



at low speed, add the flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk and

mashed bananas, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. beat only

until ingredients are blended; do not overbeat. stir in the vanilla

extract.



spread evenly in the prepared pan, and bake for 35 to 40 minutes or

until a cake tester comes out clean.



allow loaf to cool for 10 minutes.





southwestern cowboy cobbler



2 tablespoons oil

1 pc medium onion, sliced

1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper

1/4 cup chopped red bell pepper

1 teaspoon chili powder

1 teaspoon ground cumin

1 teaspoon oregano

1 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon ground pepper

2 cups cubed, cooked chicken

1 (20-ounce) can enchilada sauce

1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained

1 (15-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed



preheat oven to 400 degrees. in a 12-inch lodge (or other cast-iron)

skillet, heat oil. stir in onions and peppers. stir until onions are

translucent. stir in chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and pepper. add

chicken, enchilada sauce, tomatoes and black beans. simmer while cornbread

topping is made. in a medium bowl, combine cornbread mix, egg and milk.

stir until smooth. fold in cheese and half of the cilantro. drop by

spoonfuls onto bubbling meat mixture. place in oven and cook until

cornbread dumplings are done, about 20 minutes. remove from oven and

sprinkle with remaining cilantro.



yield: serves 4-6.





chuletas - (lamb chops with ceci bean stew)



8 lamb chops from rack

6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil; divided

1 medium spanish onion; thinly sliced

1 teaspoon cumin seeds

2 cans garbonzo beans - (10 oz ea); drained, rinsed

2 tablespoons pine nuts

2 plum tomatoes; roughly chopped

1/4 teaspoon saffron

1 tablespoon spanish paprika - (hot)

6 tablespoons honey; divided

2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley



preheat grill.

trim fat from chops and pound lightly to flatten and set aside.

in a 4-quart saucepan, heat 4 tablespoons olive oil until smoking and add

onion and cumin seeds and cook until light golden brown. add garbonzos,

pine nuts, tomatoes, saffron, paprika and 4 tablespoons honey and bring to

a boil. lower heat and simmer 10 minutes, check for seasoning.

stir together remaining oil, honey and parsley and brush on lamb chops.

place chops on grill and cook 2 minutes per side. remove and serve with

warm ceci.

this recipe yields 4 servings.



churros - (donuts)



2 cups flour

2 tablespoons sugar

1 teaspoon cinnamon

3 cups water

3 1/4 cups extra-virgin olive oil

1/2 cup superfine sugar



stir together flour, sugar and cinnamon in a large mixing bowl. place

water in a 6-quart saucepan, add 1/4 cup of the oil and bring to a rapid

boil. dump flour mixture in one shot into saucepan, remove from heat and

stir until smooth. cover with plastic wrap and allow to cool 1/2 hour.

heat oil to 375 degrees.

put dough in pastry bag with large 6- to 8-point nozzle and pipe into hot

oil 6-inch long pieces. fry until golden brown on both sides. remove,

drain on paper towels and dust with superfine sugar while still warm.

this recipe yields 12 donuts.





avocado corn guacamole



2 pcs ripe avocados peeled and pitted

1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernel

1 pc jalapeno chilli stem and seeds remo; ved, minced

1/2 lime the juice of half a lime

1 big handful of fresh coriander chopped

1 pc small onion peeled and minced

salt & pepper to taste



put minced onion into a sieve and rinse under cold water. this is a

traditional mexican way of removing some of the pungency from the raw

onion.

drain well.

mash avocados in a bowl and stir in the corn, jalapeno, limejuice,

coriander and onion. mix well and season with salt

and pepper.

serve with corn chips.



yield: two cups.





pumpkin seed salsa



3 pcs guero chiles

1/4 cup pumpkin seeds

1 pc medium white onions

1 cup water

8 cloves garlic

1/4 tsp. oregano, toasted

1 pc large tomato

1/4 tsp. salt



char chiles until blistered and black, then seed and devein.

thickly slice onion and pan-roast until brown and soft.

pan-roast garlic until brown and soft, then peel.

pan-roast tomato until blistered, black, and soft.

toast pumpkin seeds in 1 tbsp. olive oil until puffed and brown

in a blender or food processor, puree ingredients together until a chunky

salsa is formed.



cumin wild rice



1 tablespoon butter

1 tablespoon minced garlic

1 teaspoon ground cumin

1/2 teaspoon dried oregano

1 cup wild rice rice

2 cups chicken stock or water

1 teaspoon salt, if using water

1/2 teaspoon pepper

1/4 cup minced green onion

1 teaspoon additional butter



in large, heavy bottomed saucepan, heat butter until melted. add garlic,

cumin, oregano and rice. cook, stirring, about 3 minutes.



add stock or water, salt and pepper. bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover

and cook about 15 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender.



turn off rice and allow it to sit, covered, about 5 minutes. stir in

additional butter and green onions and fluff with a fork.



yield: makes 4 serving





corn pudding



1 large egg

2 large egg yolks

1/3 cup heavy cream

1 tablespoon all-purpose flour

1 teaspoon kosher salt

1/2 teaspoon sugar

cayenne pepper to taste

1 teaspoon finely chopped parsley

1 dash tabasco sauce

1 1/2 corn kernals



white sweet corn kernels 1-1/2 cups preheat oven to 350 degrees f.

butter four 6-ounce foil soufflé cups or ramekins. combine the corn, egg,

yolks and cream in food processor and pulse together. add flour, salt,

sugar and cayenne and blend for 10 seconds. scrape into a bowl and stir in

parsley and tabasco. fill cups with the corn mixture and cover each with

foil. set cups in a deep roasting pan. add hot water to the pan to come

half way up the sides of the cups. bake for 30 minutes. remove foil and

bake until golden on top, about 5 more minutes.





tohono o'odham cactus fruit jelly



6-10 red-ripe prickly pear cactus fruits tuna

1/2 cup lemon juice

4 1/2 cups granulated sugar

13 fluid ounce package liquid fruit pectin



the tohono o’odham in southern arizona harvest this fruit every year.

you should have enough fruit to make 3 1/2 cups of juice. carefully remove

thorns from fruit by wiping with a paper towel and then brushing with a

vegetable brush under water. put fruit in a saucepan with enough water to

cover. boil for 15 to 20 minutes. pour off water and discard. mash or pur?e

fruit through a strainer lined with doubled cheesecloth. strain juice into

a large measuring cup. let juice sit for at least 30 minutes to allow

sediment to settle to the bottom. pour off juice carefully. you should have

3 1/2 cups.

in a saucepan combine fruit juice, lemon juice and sugar. bring to a boil

and boil 1 minute. stir in pectin and boil for 1 minute longer. remove from

heat. stir and skim foam off the top. spoon into sterilized jelly jars and

seal.



yield: makes 3 cups.





cranberry pudding



1 1/3 c. flour

1/2 c. molasses

1/2 lb. of 2 c. cranberries, washed & chopp; ed

2 tsp. baking soda

sauce:

1 c. sugar

1/2 c. butter

1/2 tsp. flour

1 tbsp. coffee cream

1 tbsp. vanilla



sift together dry ingredients. add molasses and berries; mix well. steam in

double boiler for 2 hours, covered. refrigerate when cooled and reheat to

serve with vanilla sauce.



pecan-corn muffins



1 1/4 cups yellow cornmeal

3/4 cup sugar

3/4 cup flour

2 teaspoons baking powder

3/4 teaspoon baking soda

1/4 teaspoon salt

1 cup broken pecans lightly toasted

1 cup buttermilk

1/3 cup butter -- melted

2 pcs eggs



1. preheat oven to 400 degrees f. in a medium bowl combine cornmeal, sugar,

flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. stir in pecans.



2. in another medium bowl mix buttermilk, melted butter, and eggs.



3. by hand, gently stir in dry ingredients just until batter is evenly

moistened; do not overmix.



4. line muffin pans with cupcake liners. spoon in batter until liners are

three-fourths full.



5. bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean (12 to 15

minutes). cool muffins on wire racks.



* time saver tip: muffin batter may be made ahead and frozen before baking.

freeze batter, uncovered, in lined muffin pans until frozen solid. remove

muffins from pan and package in heavy-duty aluminum foil or plastic bags.

label and date, and freeze at 0 degrees f up to 4 weeks. to bake, do not

thaw. return muffins to pans and bake at 375 degrees f until muffins test

done, 30 to 35 minutes.





modern pemmican



1 lb. lean stewing meat, cut quite small

1/2 cup dehydrated wild plums

1/2 cup acorn meal



boil the lean stewing meat. when it is tender, drain and allow it to dry in

a bowl. grind all of the ingredients together in a meat grinder using a

fine blade. grind again, mixing finely, distributing the ingredients very

well. place in a covered dish and refrigerate overnight. (or you can eat

right away, but like many foods, the refrigerating allows the flavors to

blend nicely.) you can serve this on any flatbread, such as a tortilla. it

is best served warm, or you can reheat it in the pan in the oven like a

meatloaf.



acorn meal can also be used in place of a good portion (or all) of the nuts

in most desserts, from brownies to cookies. it does depend on the variety

of acorn you have available and the taste after leaching. some acorn meal

never gets nutty, only mild, while the meal of other acorns, such as those

of the emory oak, are so sweet that you can eat them without leaching, or

with very little leaching.



you will have to experiment a bit here. but the end results are usually

surprising.





pumpkin rice pudding



2 pounds fresh pumpkin

1/4 cup sugar

1/4 cup rice

1/4 cup milk

pinch of salt

1/2 teaspoon vanilla or cinnamon



if using fresh pumpkin, peel, remove seeds and cut into cubes. cook with a

little water until soft, about 20 minutes. drain whether using fresh or

cooked pumpkin. put milk, rice and salt in top of double boiler, set over

boiling water and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring frequently until it

thickens. when rice is soft, add sugar, seasoning if desired and pumpkin.

pumpkin need not be mashed. put the mixture into greased casserole and bake

for 20 to 30 minutes at 325 degrees. cool. serve sprinkled with sugar.

millet is something that can be substituted for the rice. also, although

not traditional, try with whipped cream.





pumpkin pickles



6 cups prepared pumpkin

2 cups white vinegar

2 cups sugar

2 sticks large whole cinnamon



prepare pumpkin by peeling, cubing and discarding seeds and inner pulp.

place pumpkin cubes in colander and set over boiling water. make sure water

does not touch pumpkin. cover and steam until just tender, 5 to 7 minutes.

drain. simmer vinegar, sugar and cinnamon for 15 minutes. add pumpkin and

simmer 3 minutes. set aside for 24 hours. heat and simmer 5 minutes more.

remove cinnamon sticks. pack boiling hot in hot canning jars, leaving

1/2-inch headroom. adjust lids and process in hot water bath for 10

minutes.



yield: 3 pints.





pumpkin jam



2 lb. sliced pumpkin meat

3/4 lb. sugar

1/2 c. orange blossom or rose water

2 tbsp. chopped fine pistachios



peel and remove seeds and slice the pumpkin meat very thin to make 2 pounds

of pumpkin meat. place in pot with orange or rose water and sugar. cook 2

hours over medium heat, stirring frequently. be sure to scrape bottom of

pot during cooking. mix the pistachios in well just before removing from

stove. pour into sterilized jars and seal tightly.





pumpkin drop cookies



11/2 c. packed brown sugar

1/2 c. shortening or margarine

2 pcs eggs, beaten

13/4 c. cooked mashed pumpkin

23/4 c. flour

1 tbsp. baking powder

1 tsp. cinnamon

1/2 tsp. salt

1/2 tsp. nutmeg

1/4 tsp. ginger

1 c. raisins

1 c. chopped walnuts



mix all ingredients in large bowl. stir until smooth.

add nuts and raisins and mix until blended. drop by rounded teaspoon on

ungreased cookie sheet. bake at 375 degrees for 12 to 15 minutes.





gorditas



4 1/2 oz masa harina

1/2 cup water

1/2 oz butter, softened

1/2 tsp salt

1 tsp chipotle chilli powder

1 tsp baking powder

1 tsp mexican dried oregano

vegetable oil for frying



place the masa harina and water in a food processor and blitz for 30

seconds.

remove the lid, cover the bowl with a damp tea towel and leave to rest

for half an hour.

add all the remaining ingredients to the masa harina in the food

processor, and process until the dough comes together.

if it is very dry, add a bit more water it needs to be soft and moist,

but not sticky.

pour the vegetable oil into a large, deep frying pan to a depth of about

5 cm/2 in.

alternatively, you can use a deep fat fryer.

heat the oil to a temperature of 180c/350f.

divide the dough into six and, with a rolling pin, roll each portion

into a disc no more than 2 mm thick it does not have to be

as thin as a tortilla, but if it is too thick, it will not puff up

properly and the inside will be raw.

carefully slide the gorditas into the hot oil you may have to do this

in several batches, depending on the size of your pan and cook,

spooning the oil over them, until they puff up, rise to the surface and

are nicely golden and crisp, about 3 minutes on each side.

drain on kitchen paper and keep warm in the oven until they are all cooked.



serve the gorditas immediately, with a spoonful of sauce on top and

offer the rest separately.



yield: makes 6 gordita





flour tortilla noodles





1 pkg flour tortilla



cut flour tortillas into strips with a pizza cutter.

use them instead of noodles when you make

'chicken and noodles'.

nobody will ever guess that they aren't 'homemade noodles'





crispy fried oysters with a chili-corn sauce



1 1/2 teaspoons unsalted butter

1/2 cup corn kernels

2 teaspoons minced shallots

1/2 teaspoon minced garlic

1 1/2 teaspoons pure cane syrup

1 teaspoon fresh lime juice

1/4 teaspoon chili powder

2 tablespoons chicken stock

1/4 teaspoon salt

1 pinch freshly ground white pepper

1/2 cup heavy cream

1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves

vegetable oil, for frying

1/2 cup masa harina

1/2 cup yellow cornmeal

1 1/2 teaspoon essence, recipe follows

12 oysters, freshly shucked, drained

vegetable oil, for frying

2 ounces fresh mache or other baby lettuce,; washed and dried

1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice

1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r

emeril's essence creole seasoning (; also referred to as bayou

2 1/2 tablespoons paprika

2 tablespoons salt

2 tablespoons garlic powder

1 tablespoon black pepper

1 tablespoon onion powder

1 tablespoon cayenne pepper

1 tablespoon dried oregano

1 tablespoon dried thyme

combine all ingredients thoroughly.

yield: 2/3 cup



heat the butter in a small saute pan over high heat. add the corn and

cook, stirring occasionally, until it is deep golden brown and

beginning to pop, 4 to 5 minutes. reduce the heat to medium high and

add the shallots and garlic. cook, stirring, for 1 minute. add the

syrup, lime juice, and chili powder and cook for 1 minute. add the

chicken stock, salt and pepper and cook until most of the stock has

evaporated, 1 to 2 minutes. add the heavy cream and cook until

thickened enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 4 minutes. remove

from the heat, add the cilantro, and stir well. cover and keep warm

while you prepare the oysters.



place the oil in a medium heavy pot or deep-fryer and heat to 360

degrees f.



combine the masa harina, cornmeal, and 1 teaspoon of the essence in a

medium bowl. add the oysters, a few at a time, and toss to coat.

shake to remove any excess breading.



add the oysters to the hot oil, in batches, and cook until golden,

stirring so that they cook evenly, 2 to 3 minutes. remove oysters and

drain on paper towels. season with the remaining essence.

divide the chili-corn sauce between 2 plates and, using a spoon,

spread the sauce slightly towards the edges of the plate so that you

now have a shallow pool of sauce in which to lay the oysters. divide

the oysters among the plates, arranging around the outer edge. toss

the mache with the lemon juice and olive oil and season to taste with

salt and pepper. divide the mache between the plates, placing a small

bunch in the center of the oysters. serve immediately.





calabaza en tacha (candied pumpkin)



1 cup dark brown sugar

1 tbsp molasses

1 1/2 cups honey

zest and juice of one orange

3 cinnamon sticks

5 pcs cloves

4 pcs whole allspice

2 quarts of water (8 cups)

1 pc medium pumpkin, seeded cut in large; pieces (8 to 10 pieces)



in a medium stockpot combine brown sugar, molasses, honey, orange zest,

orange juice, cinnamon sticks, cloves, allspice and water. bring to a boil.



add pumpkin pieces to stock pot and simmer for approximately 1 hour

until sauce has reduced by almost half and has become a thick syrup. the

pumpkin should be fork tender, but not falling apart. allow to cool and

serve.



yield: 6 to 8 servings



breakfast migas



1/4 cup of oil

4 pcs corn tortillas cut or torn in small; pieces

chopped onion to taste

3 pcs eggs



heat oil in saucepan.

cut tortillas in small pieces and fry until crispy.

make sure you stir them continually so they get toasted evenly.

put in the onion if you like onion, and let it cook a little.

add the eggs and cook until done.

you can also add tomatoes, bell pepper cheese and hot chili if you like.



yield: 2 to 4 servings



pecan cranberry squash



4 cups mashed cooked butternut squash

4 tablespoons butter, softened, divided

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon

1/4 teaspoon ground allspice

1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg

1 can (14 ounces) whole-berry cranberry sauce

1/2 cup pecans chopped

1/4 cup packed brown sugar



in a large bowl, combine the squash, 2 tablespoons butter, salt,

cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg. transfer to a greased 2-qt. baking dish.

stir cranberry sauce until softened; spoon over squash.



combine the pecans, brown sugar and remaining butter; sprinkle over

cranberry sauce.



bake, uncovered, at 350° for 50-60 minutes or until golden brown and

bubbly



yield: 8 servings.



corn and squash soup



12 strips, bacon diced

1 pc medium onion, chopped

1 rib, celery chopped

2 tablespoons all-purpose flour

1 can (14-1/2 ounces chicken broth

6 cups mashed cooked butternut squash

2 cans (8-3/4 ounces cream-style corn

2 cups half-and-half cream

1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley

1-1/2 teaspoons salt

1/2 teaspoon pepper

sour cream, optional



in a large saucepan, cook bacon over medium heat until crisp. remove to

paper towels; drain, reserving 2 tablespoons drippings. in the drippings,

saute onion and celery until tender. stir in flour until blended. gradually

stir in broth. bring to a boil; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until

slightly thickened.



reduce heat to medium. stir in the squash, corn, cream, parsley, salt,

pepper and bacon. cook and stir until heated through. garnish with sour

cream if desired.



yield: 8 servings (2-1



southwestern black bean burgers



1 can (15 to 19 oz.) black beans, rinsed and drained

2 tbs. light mayonnaise

1/4 c. packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopp; ed

1 tbs. plain dried bread crumbs

1/2 tsp. ground cumin

1/2 tsp. hot pepper sauce

nonstick cooking spray

1 c. loosely packed sliced lettuce

4 mini (4-inch) whole-wheat pitas, warmed

1/2 c. mild salsa



in large bowl, with potato masher or fork, mash beans with mayonnaise

until

almost smooth with some lumps. stir in cilantro, bread crumbs, cumin

and pepper

sauce until combined. with lightly floured hands, shape bean mixture

into four

3-inch round patties. spray both sides of each patty lightly with

nonstick

cooking spray.



heat 10-inch skillet over medium heat until hot. add patties and cook

until

lightly browned, about 3 minutes. with pancake turner, turn patties

over, and

cook until heated through, 3 minutes longer.



arrange lettuce on pitas; top with burgers then salsa.





deep-fried cranberry sauce fritters



1 can jelly cranberry sauce, sliced in 1/; 2-in thick rounds

oil, for frying

2 cups all-purpose flour, divided

2 tablespoons sugar

pinch salt

1 teaspoon baking powder

1 cup water



lay the cranberry sauce rounds out in a single layer on a parchment

paper-lined

sheet pan and freeze for 4 hours or until solid.



heat the oil in a deep-fryer or large dutch oven to 375 degrees f.



in a large shallow bowl stir together 1 cup of the flour, with the sugar,

salt

and baking powder. pour in the water and stir together until smooth. let

the

batter rest for 15 minutes.



dip the frozen cranberry sauce rounds in the batter and gently place in the

oil.

fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. transfer to a paper towel lined

plate

to drain.



serve and enjoy immediately.





pumpkin empanadas



pumpkin filling

1 can pumpkin 15-ounce

1/2 cup sugar

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon cinnamon (optional)

1/4 teaspoon ginger (optional)

1/8 teaspoon ground cloves (optional)

empanada dough

1/3 cup water

1/4 cup sugar

1/2 teaspoon salt

4 ounce packages dry yeast (4 1/2 teaspoons; )

1/8 teaspoon baking powder

1 tsp. cinnamon

3 cup flour -- divided in half

3/4 cup vegetable shortening generous



instructions place all ingredients in a medium sized bowl -- and mix well

to combine. set aside.



heat oven to 350f. combine sugar, salt, yeast, baking powder, and cinnamon

in mixing bowl and mix well. add water. using an electric mixer, mix

thoroughly. then, gradually add in half of the flour, stirring slowly. add

shortening and mix thoroughly. slowly blend in the remaining flour.



divide dough into 4 equal parts, and shape each part into a ball. slap

dough between well-floured hands until slightly flattened, and then roll

out onto a floured surface to approximately 1/8? thick. using a large

biscuit cutter or tupperware lid, make circles approximately 4 inches in

diameter. you should get roughly 4 circles from each ‘part’.



spoon about 1 tablespoon of filling into the center of each circle. fold

over, pressing the edges to seal, first with your finger. go over edge

again with a salad fork to make decorative marks and fully seal.



if desired, brush with butter or egg white, and sprinkle with more sugar.



bake on a parchment lined baking tray until golden brown, 18-20 minutes. be

sure to watch closely, they can burn fast.



pumpkin fritters



16 oz. can pumpkin

1/2 cup flour

1/2 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon ground cinnamon

2 teaspoons baking powder

1 tablespoon sugar

2 pcs eggs, beaten

milk, if needed

vegetable oil, for frying



place the dry ingredients in a food processor, add the eggs and process to

form a thick batter.

the batter should hold its shape, if too thick add a little milk, if too

wet, add a little more flour.



heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan.



drop heaping tablespoons of the batter into the pan and fry till firm and

golden.



flip over and fry on the other side.



serve warm sprinkled with a little cinnamon sugar or powdered sugar.





corn soup



1 pint of grated corn,

1 quart of milk,

1 pint of hot water,

1 tablespoon of flour,

2 tablespoons of butter,

1 slice of onion,

salt and pepper to taste.



cook the corn in the water thirty minutes. let the milk and onion come to a

boil. mix the butter and flour together, add a few tablespoons of the

boiling milk, when smooth stir into the milk and cook eight minutes, remove

the onion, strain corn and add to the above. after cooking a little add

one cup of sweet cream, and when thoroughly heated, a small piece of

butter, and serve. a few kernels of pop corn may be dropped on top of each

serving of soup.



corn and oyster fritters



1 cup flour

1/4 cup milk

2 teaspoons baking powder

1 pc egg

1/2 teaspoon salt

6 pcs oysters

1/4 teaspoon pepper

2 full tablespoons kornlet



sift dry ingredients, add milk, egg and kornlet. add oysters last fry in

deep fat, using a tablespoonful to an oyster





cornmeal ragged robins





1 1/2 cups cornmeal

1 1.3 cups milk

1 cup bread flour

2 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar

1 1/2 teaspoons salt

4 tablespoons fat

1 1/4 teaspoons soda



sift dry ingredients. cut in the fat. add liquid and drop by spoonfuls on

greased baking sheet. bake in hot oven 12 to 15 minutes. these may be

rolled and cut same as baking powder biscuits.





dark pumpkin tartlets



for the crust:

2 cups all-purpose flour

1 teaspoon salt

1/2 cup sugar

1 teaspoon cinnamon

1 teaspoon ground ginger

1/4 teaspoon ground cloves

1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into small pie; ces

1/4 cup molasses

1 pc egg

for the filling:

15 ounce can pumpkin puree

14 ounce can sweetened condensed milk

3 ps eggs, lightly beaten

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

1/2 teaspoon ground cloves

1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

1 teaspoon ground ginger

for the glaze:

1/2 cup heavy cream

6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped



equipment:



2 standard muffin trays (you need a total of 15 muffin tin cups)



to make the crust, in a food processor combine the flour, salt, sugar,

cinnamon, ginger, cloves and nutmeg.



pulse together.



add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles small crumbs.



add the molasses and egg, then pulse until combined and a dough forms.



squeeze the dough into a round cake, then wrap in plastic and refrigerate

for 1 hour.



meanwhile, make the filling. in a medium bowl, combine all ingredients and

whisk until well combined.



when the dough is ready, heat the oven to 350 f.



spray 15 of the muffin cups with cooking spray.



on a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough until 1/4 inch thick.



use a 4-inch round cookie cutter to cut out 15 rounds of dough, rerolling

and using the scraps as needed.



gently press a round into each muffin cup.



divide the filling between the cups, then bake until the centers have set

up, about 15 to 20 minutes.



let cool.



run a butter knife around the edges of the cups to loosen the tarts, then

remove from the pans.



to make the glaze, in a medium microwave-safe bowl microwave the cream

until boiling, about 1 to 2 minutes.



add the chocolate to the bowl and let sit for 2 minutes.



stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is homogenous and shiny.



pour the glaze over the top of each tartlet.



let firm up in the refrigerator, then serve at room temperature.



leftovers should be stored in the refrigerator.



yield: makes 15 tarts





hatch green chili corn muffins



2 pcs hatch green chilies, or

1 pc poblano chili and 1 pc anaheim chil; i

1/3 cup butter, plus butter for muffin tin

2 pcs eggs

1 cup all-purpose flour

1 cup stone ground yellow cornmeal

4 teaspoons baking powder

3 tablespoons mild chimayo chili powder, or

3 tbl ancho chili powder

1 cup milk

1 tablespoon molasses

2 teaspoons finely minced orange zest

1 tablespoon marjoram



roast the chilis under a broiler or over a flame until the skin begins to

blister and blacken. peel, remove the seeds and coarsely chop, to make

about a quarter-cup.



melt the butter and lightly beat the eggs. sift together the flour,

cornmeal, baking powder and chili powder. mix together the milk, melted

butter, eggs and molasses, and fold this into the sifted dry mixture. add

to the batter the orange zest and fold them together with the marjoram and

chopped roasted chiles.



preheat the oven to 400 degrees. let the batter rest for half an hour and

then pour into a buttered 12-muffin muffin pan. bake for 12 to 15 minutes,

until firm.



yield: twelve muffins





cranberry-pumpkin cookies



1 cup butter; softened

2 cups granulated sugar

2 teaspoons vanilla extract

2 pcs large eggs

2 cups solid pack pumpkin puree; slightly more than 1 can

41/2 cups all-purpose flour

4 teaspoons baking powder

2 teaspoons baking soda

1 teaspoon salt

2 cup fresh cranberries; i use a whole bag

2 teaspoons ground cinnamon

2 tablespoon orange zest; 1 whole orange

1 cup chopped walnuts

===topping===

granulated sugar; mixed with cinnamon



cook time: 12 min

ready in: 32 min

1 .preheat oven to 375 degrees f.

grease cookie sheets, or line with parchment paper. (easier cleanup with

the

parchment paper!)

cut cranberries in half.

zest orange and chop walnuts.



2. in a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy.

beat in vanilla, egg and pumpkin.

sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon;

stir into mixture until well blended.

stir the cranberries into mixture along with the orange zest and walnuts.

if mixture is too soft, refrigerate for 30 minutes.



3. drop by tablespoons onto cookie sheets. i use a tablespoon measuring

spoon

that is half-spherical - it makes a nicely rounded cookie.

sprinkle cinnamon sugar on top.



4. bake for 10 to 12 minutes.

cool on sheet slightly before moving to rack.



preparation time: 20 mi





pine nut tarts



11/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flou; r

4 tablespoons sugar

11/2 cups pine nuts, toasted

pinch salt

1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled; slightly

1/2 cup water

1 cup ricotta cheese

6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature

2 pcs large eggs

3 pcs large egg yolks



preheat the oven to 350 degrees f.

in the bowl of a food processor, pulse flour, 2 tablespoons of sugar,

3/4 cup of pine nuts, and salt until finely ground. add the butter.

pulse dough just until it comes together.



place the dough into an 11-inch diameter tart pan with a removable

bottom and press down to cover the bottom and sides of the pan.

refrigerate until the dough is firm, about 30 minutes.



line the tart shell with aluminum foil and fill with pie weights or

dried beans. bake the tart shell in the lower third of the oven until

just set, about 25 minutes. carefully remove the foil and pie

weights. bake until the tart shell is lightly golden, about 10

minutes. cool completely.



combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar with the water in a

small saucepan over low heat. you don't want to boil the water, you

just want to heat it so that the sugar can dissolve thoroughly. stir

until the sugar dissolves and remove from heat.



in the bowl of a food processor, pulse the ricotta cheese and cream

cheese until smooth. add the eggs and egg yolks, 1 at a time, and

process until smooth. with the machine running, add the sugar syrup

in a thin steady stream and process until smooth.



pour the custard into the tart shell and bake until the filling is

almost set, about 20 to 25 minutes. scatter the remaining 3/4 cup of

toasted pine nuts atop the filling. bake until the custard is set,

about 10 minutes longer. let the tart cool completely before serving.



the tart can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 3 days.

return the tart to room temperature before serving.





corn and oyster fritters



1 cup flour

1/4 cup milk

2 teaspoons baking powder

1 pc egg

1/2 teaspoon salt

6 pcs oysters

1/4 teaspoon pepper

2 full tablespoons kornlet



sift dry ingredients, add milk, egg and kornlet. add oysters last fry in

deep fat, using a tablespoonful to an oyster



indian pudding



4 cups milk

1 teaspoon salt

1/3 cup cornmeal

1 teaspoon ginger

1/3 cup molasses

1 teaspoon allspice



cook milk and meal in a double boiler 20 minutes; add molasses, salt and

ginger. pour into greased pudding dish and bake two hours in a slow oven,

or use fireless cooker. serve with milk. this makes a good and nourishing

dessert.



yield: serves six.





fiddlehead and saffron soup



8 ounce fiddleheads

4 cups/1 liter chicken stock

1/8 teaspoon crushed saffron threads

2 pcs egg yolks

lemon juice -- strained, to taste

1/4 cup cream

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r



trim the fiddleheads and wash by rinsing in a sink of cold water up to 4

times. drain. cook in a pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 10

minutes. drain and immediately plunge into a basin of ice-water to set the

color and stop the cooking. drain, and set aside.



heat the chicken stock with the saffron to boiling. turn off the heat. in a

bowl, beat together the yolks and lemon juice. whisk a ladleful of the hot

stock over the yolk mixture. add another. then whisk the egg mixture back

into the stock. stir in the cream. taste and adjust the seasonings. add the

fiddleheads and gently reheat, without boiling. serve.



cook's note: if it boils, it will curdle.





pine nut lamb meatballs with pasta



1 1/2 cup fry bread stale day old shredded

1/2 cup milk

1 1/4 lbs ground lamb

1/2 cup pine nuts toasted

1/3 cup dried ceanberrys

2 pcs ramps minced

1 clove garlic minced

11/2 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves

1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper

1 pc egg

1 tablespoon olive oil

salt

tomato sauce

2 tablespoon vegetable oil

3 clove garlic minced

1 sprig fresh rosemary

1 can whole tomatoes (27-ounce)

1 bay leaf

lamb meatballs

1 pkg egg noodles cooked drained

1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley

1/4 cup goat cheese shaved into ribbons wit; h vegetable peeler

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r



for the pine nut lamb meatballs:



put shredded pieces of bread in a small bowl, cover with milk and soak

until bread becomes soft, approximately 10 minutes.



put the pine nuts, dried currants, shallots, garlic, thyme, black pepper,

salt, egg, and oil in a large bowl, including the bread, mix thoroughly

you're your hands, careful not to over mix. form meatballs with hands and

put on a large plate or baking tray.



heat oil in a cast iron pan over medium to high heat, add the meatballs and

fry until meat has browned, turning frequently. remove the meatballs from

the heat.



for the tomato sauce:



preheat the oven to 375 degrees f.



heat the oil in a large wide-mouthed pan over medium-high heat, add the

garlic and rosemary to infuse the oil. once the garlic has caramelized, add

the tomatoes and bay leaf, stir, season with salt and pepper. add the

meatballs to the tomato sauce, put in the oven for approximately 30

minutes, until the tomato sauce has reduced slightly.



to serve:



put the cooked noodles in the center of the plate, spoon the tomato sauce

over and put 6 meatballs per serving. garnish with parsley and goat cheese.



yield: serves 4





squash fritters with basil and oregano



4 cups grated squash

1 cup finely chopped onion

salt

1 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley

1 cup grated hard cheese

1/2 1 cup toasted whole-wheat breadcrumbs

1 pc large egg

1/2 cup chopped basil leaves

1 tablespoon greek dried oregano

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r

olive oil and safflower oil, for fr; ying

1 cup yogurt (optional)



toss the squash and onion with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and let them drain in a

colander for at least 1 hour. squeeze handfuls of the mixture to extract

as much water as possible.



in a large bowl, combine the squash, parsley, cheese, 1/2 cup breadcrumbs,

egg, basil, oregano, and pepper to taste.



in a large, deep skillet, heat 1 1/2 inches of a combination of olive and

safflower oil over medium-high heat to 350°f.



make a test fritter: stir the squash mixture and, using a spoon, scoop a

heaping tablespoon (about the size of a golf ball). fry in the hot oil,

turning once, until browned, about 3 minutes. if too wet, adjust the

texture with more breadcrumbs, as needed. also correct the seasonings,

adding more salt and pepper as necessary. fry the rest of the fritters, in

batches, and transfer to paper towels to drain.



serve them hot or warm, accompanied with thick yogurt, if you like, or

tzatziki. also good at room temperature.



yield: 6 to 8 servings





venison pie



1 pkg. instant mashed potatoes, for 4



2 tablespoons chopped onion



3 tablespoons flour



¾ cup beef broth



¼ teaspoon kitchen bouquet sauce



2 ½ cups cooked venison, cubed



½ cup celery, finely chopped



3 tablespoons butter



½ cup milk



1 tablespoon snipped parsley



¼ cup grated cheddar cheese





prepare mashed potatoes according to package instructions. in a skillet,

saute celery and onion in butter until tender but not brown. blend in flour

and gradually stir in milk and broth until mixture thickens and bubbles.

add cooked meat, parsley, kitchen bouquet; stir and season to taste with

salt and pepper. pour meat mixture into a 1 1/2 quart casserole and top

evenly with mashed potatoes. sprinkle with cheese and bake at 400 degrees

for 20-25 minutes or until brown. serves.



reservation: meat rolls with pine nuts



1/4 cup pine nuts



1 tablespoon butter



1 pound ground lamb



¼ cup chopped parsley



1 medium onion, minced



salt and pepper



8 ounces tomato sauce, canned





brown nuts in butter. mix together the lamb, parsley, onion, salt and

pepper to taste. shape into 4 rounds with hands; flatten and top each round

with 1 tbs pine nuts. cover pine nuts by rolling up meat place in a

shallow baking dish and pour tomato sauce over meat rolls. bake in a

350-degree oven for 30 minutes.



yield: 4 servings





native squash and pork stew



1/2 cup all purpose flour

1 tsp cumin seed

2 pcs bay leaves

2 lb pork shoulder, boneless, cut into 1; .5 in. cubes

3/4 lb chorizo sausage

1 lb butternut squash, cut in half and s; eeded

15 oz canned white hominy, drained

1 pc small green bell pepper, seeded and; minced

21/2 quarts water

1 pc jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced; (wear rubber gloves)

1 pc large onion, minced

3 cloves garlic, crushed

1/4 cup cilantro, leaves, chopped

1 tsp oregano



preheat oven to 350°f. arrange squash skin side up in baking pan. add water

just to cover bottom of pan. cover and bake 50-60 minutes, until squash is

tender and cooked throughout. remove from oven and cool. peel and cut into

bite-size cubes. meanwhile, toast cumin seed in a heavy nonstick skillet

over medium high heat about 3 minutes, shaking pan constantly until

fragrant. transfer to a spice grinder or mortar and pestle, and process to

a powder. heat a heavy large dutch oven over medium high heat. cook chorizo

5-7 minutes, stirring frequently until browned and cooked through . using

a slotted spoon, transfer chorizo to a bowl and set aside. discard all but

3 tbsp drippings. heat reserved drippings in same dutch oven over medium

high heat. toss pork with flour. shake off excess and cook 3-4 minutes, in

batches if necessary, turning occasionally until browned all over. transfer

to a platter. stir in onion, garlic, oregano and cumin and cook 4-5

minutes,

stirring frequently until onion is soft. return pork to dutch oven. stir in

water, bay leaves and bell peppers. bring to a boil and immediately reduce

heat to low. cover partially and simmer 1 to 1-1/4 hours, until pork is

tender, occasionally skimming foam from surface. stir in squash, chorizo,

hominy, jalapeño and salt and pepper to taste. simmer 5 minutes until hot.

stir in chopped cilantro just before serving.



yield: servings: 6 ser



roasted acorn squash with wild rice



3 pcs acorn squash about 1 1/2 lbs ea, ha; lved lengthwise seeded

3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted

1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar

1/2 pc medium yellow onion, finely chopped

2 pc medium shallots, finely chopped

4 stalks celery , finely chopped

1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves

2 cups cooked wild rice mix 1 cup uncooked

2/3 cup pecans, toasted and finely chopped

1/4 cup dried cranberries, finely chopped

1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed

1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, more a; s needed



1. heat the oven to 450°f and arrange a rack in the middle.



2. place squash cut side up on a baking sheet, brush 1 tablespoon of the

melted butter over the tops

and insides of the squash halves, sprinkle with brown sugar, and season

with salt and freshly

ground black pepper. roast in the oven until just fork tender, about 25 to

30 minutes.



3. meanwhile, place 1 tablespoon of the melted butter in a large frying

pan over medium heat. when it

foams, add the onion, shallots, and celery, season with salt and freshly

ground black pepper, and

stir to coat. cook, stirring occasionally, until just softened, about 6

minutes. stir in the thyme

and cook until just fragrant, about 1 minute.



4. remove from heat and stir in the rice, pecans, cranberries, and

measured salt and pepper.



5. divide the rice filling among the roasted squash halves (about 1/2 cup

for each) and drizzle the

remaining tablespoon of butter over top. continue roasting until the squash

is completely fork

tender, the edges have started to brown, and the filling is heated through,

about 20 to 25 minutes.



yield: 6 servings



preparation time: 20 mi





native american quinoa salad



1 cup red kidney beans or 1 cup black bea; ns, cooked

1 cup quinoa

2 cobs corn, kernels removed

400 g pumpkin, cubed

1 pc large red capsicums, diced

1 pc large tomatoes, diced

1 red onions, diced

1 bunch coriander, chopped

2 teaspoons olive oil

1 teaspoon ground cumin

sea salt

black pepper

1 pc lemons, juice of



total time: 1 1/2 hrsin a pot, combine quinoa, pumpkin, red kidney beans

and corn kernels.

boil until the quinoa is cooked and the pumpkin is soft (but not mushy).

meanwhile, heat the oil in a fry pan, and combine the cumin, onion and

capsicum and fry until fragrant.

add the onion mixture to the quinoa mixture, season with salt, pepper and

add the lemon juice.

stir to combine, and serve.



yield: servings: 4 ser



preparation time: 30 mi



ansazi poblano stew



4 cups anasazi beans, cooked

2 tablespoons olives or

2 tablespoons canola oil

1/2 medium onions, chopped

1 pc large garlic cloves, minced

2 pcs large tomatoes, chopped

1 pc poblano peppers, roasted, skinned c; hopped*

salt and pepper

1 cup mild mexican cheese or

1 cup monterey jack cheese, shredded



'anasazi beans are so pretty! imagine a bean that has the coloring of a

paint horse! they also cook up faster than other beans and have a pleasant

almost sweet flavor.'

place beans in a heavy saucepan.

in a skillet, heat the oil on medium and sweat the onion and garlic, add

the tomatoes and poblano pepper.

when all have stewed, add to the beans. sprinkle the cheese when serving.

serve with cornbread. * ( a poblano is a green ancho chile)



notes: mama's kitchen (hopi)





green chile, chicken, and corn soup



1 pc medium onions

2 pcs whole cloves

5 cups beef broth

3 cups chicken broth

3 pcs chicken breast halves, skinned

2 pcs large baking potatoes, peeled and d; iced

2 pcs anaheim chilies

2 3/4 cups fresh cut corn, about 4 ears

1 pc avocados, sliced

2 medium tomatoes, chopped

salt and pepper

garnishes

sour cream, fresh cilantro sprigs



total time: 1 1/4 hr'this soup has some of my favorite things in it! i

really enjoy it in the fall, just as the weather is turning cold. i can

usually still find fresh corn at that time, and it's so great to have a

warm soup on a crisp, chilly night! this is from 'southwest cooks!', a

collection of native american cuisine.'

peel the onion and stud with the cloves. combine the onion, broths, chicken

and potato in a dutch oven; bring to a boil. cover, reduce heat, and

simmer 20 minutes or until the potato is tender.

remove the onion. remove the chicken, reserving the broth in the pan. let

the chicken cool, bone it, and chop the meat. return the chicken to the

pan; set aside.

cut chiles in half lengthwis; remove seeds and membranes. place chiles,

skin side up, on an ungreased baking sheet; flatten with the palm of your

hand. broil 3 inches from the heat (with electric oven door partially

opened) 6 minutes or until charred. place chiles in ice water; peel and

discard skins. coarsely chop the chiles, and add to the reserved broth

mixture.



yield: 13 cups



preparation time: 25 mi





native lentil loaf



4 cups vegetable stock ( or water)

1 cup dry split lentils

2 tablespoons olive oil

1/3 cup chopped onions ( 1 small onion)

1 pc tomatoes, diced

1 pc apples, diced

1/2 teaspoon minced garlic ( 1 clove)

1 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon thyme

1/2 cup 2% low-fat milk

1 pc eggs, beaten

1 1/2 cups breadcrumbs

1 tablespoon parmesan cheese



total time: 1 3/4 hrs'this came from my native american health recipes

e-cookbook. vegans can probably use a flax seed substitute for the egg and

any given non-dairy milk. the recipe didn't specify what kind of lentils to

use; brown ones usually aren't split, but red ones are. a cereal would

probably make a nice sub for the breadcrumbs.'

bring water or stock to boil andadd the dry split lentils. simmer 30.

minutes until tender then drain and mash.

heat the oil in a heavy sauce pan. add the onion, tomato, apple, and.

garlic and sauté until tender.

add the salt, thyme, milk, egg, and 1 cup of the bread crumbs to the

lentils and stir.

grease a 4 x 9 loaf pan with cooking spray then spoon the mixture into it.

mix 1/2 cup bread crumbs with the parmesan cheese. sprinkle over loaf.

bake 1 hour at 350°f.



yield: serves: 6



preparation time: 10 mi





pot of anasazi beans



1 lb anasazi beans

1 cup onions, chopped

4 cloves, garlic minced

2 pcs jalapenos, chopped

1 tablespoon olive oil

1 teaspoon cumin ( more if you like)

salt and pepper

epazote optional



total time: 2 1/4 hrs'a piece of ham, a ham hock, or bacon can be added to

the beans, but they are delicious without meat. if the beans need

thickening, mash a cupful and put them back in the saucepan. to make

frijoles refritos (refried beans), mash all of the beans by hand or in a

processor and fry them in vegetable oil in small batches. read more at

suite101: anasazi beans: gift from the cliff dwellers wash and soak a pound

of beans according to the directions on the package. drain them and put

them in a pot.

cover them with water and cook them until they are tender, adding more

water if necessary.

while the beans are cooking, saute chopped onions, minced garlic cloves,

and jalapenos in olive oil. add the vegetable mixture to the beans while

they are cooking. season with cumin, salt, and pepper.



notes: mama's kitchen (hopi)



yield: servings: 6 ser



preparation time: 15 mi





wild rice bowl with cranberries and slivered onions



2 cups wild rice ( or a wild rice blend )

1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted in a dry pan

1 cup red onions, slivered

1/2 cup dried cranberries

salt, to taste



total time: 1 1/4 hr'you can either choose to use wild rice or a wild rice

blend of other grains and rice varieties.cook the wild rice according to

package directions. if using my posted recipe, click on the link to the

directions then proceed as follows:.

remove wild rice from the heat and drain off the water if necessary.

stir in the pine nuts, red onions, and dried cranberries. garnish with more

red onions.

add salt to taste.



yield: servings: 6 ser



preparation time: 15 mi



the redneck redskins crock pot venison roast



1 pc medium venison roast

1 cans cream of mushroom soup (14 ounce)

16 ounces onion soup mix

1 pc large onions ( sliced)

1/4 cup soy sauce

1/2 cup worcestershire sauce

garlic salt

seasoning salt



total time: 1/2 day'i tease my dad, who is navajo, calling him the redneck

redskin.. this is his vension roast recipe.. yum!'

cut venison into serving size piece while meat is raw. place cleaned and

washed meat in crockpot, sprinkle very generously with worcestershire

sauce, soy sauce, season all and garlic salt. add mushroom soup and onion

soup mix. stir together and place onion rings on top. cover and cook on low

for 6 to 8 hours.

the beauty of this recipe is that it only takes a few minutes to prepare

early in the morning and can cook all day while you are away to be ready to

eat which you get home. though no water is added, there will be lots of

gravy that can be served over rice or potatoes.



yield: serves: 8-10



preparation time: 5 min





campfire roasted squirrel



4 6 pcs fresh squirrels

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon pepper

1/4 cup olive oil

1/4 teaspoon seasoning salt (optional)

1/4 teaspoon creole seasoning (optional)



total time: 1 3/4 hrs'fresh squirrel roasted over a open campfire..great

for helping cutting the cost of food during hunting or camping trips..

great way to sit around the fire talkin bout the good things in life.. we

have been doin this since i was a kid.tastes great and helps warm you up on

those cold days out in the field..'

if fresh squirrel is used skin and leave whole splitting the breast bone

length wise to open up the rib cage.

brush the oil over the squirrel then sprinkle the seasionings liberally all

over.

pull the hot coals to one side away from the main part of the fire.

either stake the squirrel on a cleaned tree limb over the coals or use a

metal grate over the coals.

rotate periodiaclly and don't over cook as the meat is real lean and will

dryout fast.



notes: okla native



yield: servings: 4-6 s



preparation time: 1 hr



pumpkin pancakes



1 cup all purpose flour

2 teaspoon baking powder

2 tablespoon sugar brown

1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

1/4 teaspoon ginger, ground

1 tablespoon apple butter

2 pcs large egg white

1 cup milk skim

1/2 cup pumpkin puree



cook them slowly. they get a little darker than plain pancakes because of

the pumpkin.

sift dry ingredients into large bowl. stir in milk,

pumpkin, and apple butter. in seperate bowl, beat egg

whites into stiff peaks. gently fold beaten whites into

batter. spoon 1/3 cup batter for each pancake. brown and

flip, etc.



yield: servings: 4 ser



preparation time: 0:20



wild rice stuffed onions.



6 pcs large vidalia onionsor

8 pcs med yellow onions.

1 cup mushrooms, chopped

3 cloves garlic, minced

1 pc apple, peeled, cored, chopped (abou; t 1 cup)

2 tbs fresh parsley, minced

2 tbs fresh marjoram, minced (used 1 tea.; dried)

1 tsp lemon juice

1/4 tsp paprika

salt & pepper to taste

1 cup wild rice, cooked

vegetable stock



1. preheat oven to 400f



2. cut 1/4 unch off both ends of the onion and peel off dry layers.

bake onions, root end down in baking dish for 30 minutes, or until

golden brown. let cool and hollow out each onion from top, leaving

1/2 inch shell (outer most 2-4 layers).



3. chop 1 cup of reserved onion and saute with mushrooms in a medium

hot pan for 3 minutes. add garlic and apple and saute 3 minutes.

add parsley, marjoram, lemon juice, paprika, salt and pepper; combine

the sauteed mixture with the cooked rice.



4. fill each onion shell with rice mixture. pour enough stock to cover

bottom of onions (about 1/2 inch). bake for 20 minutes, basting the

stuffed onions with stock occasionally.



makes 6-8 servings depending on which onions you use.



my suggestion on this is that the onions took a lot longer to cook than

30 minutes. if you want to fix this for a dinner, i recommend that you

bake the onions the night before, and then finish up the next evening

with the filling. the onions will also be cool then, instead of working

with hot onions that just came out of the oven.





squash cakes





olive oil

2-3 tbs. grated cheese

1 1/2 lbs. squash

1 c. cracker meal

parsley

1 pc onion, finely chopped

2 pc eggs

flour

salt, to taste

pepper, to taste



time needed

45 minutes cooking

scrape the squash lightly to remove most of the green part. then grate with

coarse grater. salt and let stand for about 30 minutes. squeeze out water.

mix with parsley, cracker meal, cheese, eggs and onion. take a spoonful of

this mixture at a time, roll in flour and shape into flat, round cakes.

fry in olive oil on slow fire until golden brown.





yam corn bread



2 c. all-purpose flour

2 c. yellow cornmeal

2 1/2 tbs. baking powder

2 tsp. salt

1/2 c. granulated sugar

4 pcs eggs

3/4 c. milk

1/3 c. vegetable oil

2 2/3 c. mashed cooked or canned yams (sweet; potatoes)



sift all the dry ingredients together and set aside. combine the eggs, milk

and oil in a large bowl, beat until smooth. add yams and beat until well

blended. add dry ingredients, stirring only until moistened. spoon it into

two greased 8-inch square baking pans. bake at 425 degrees f for 40 minutes

or until done. cut into squares and serve warm with butter.





squash meatballs



2 lbs. squash

1 tsp. salt

3 pcs eggs

1/2 c. bread crumbs

1/2 c. mint

4 garlic cloves, chopped

1 sm. onion, chopped

1 tbs. pepper



time needed

30 minutes cooking

grind squash and add salt. squeeze squash to remove excess water. add

remaining ingredients and mix well. form into balls and fry until golden

brown.





griddle irish soda bread



2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour

1 teaspoon salt

1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder

1 teaspoon baking soda

2 cups buttermilk, or as needed



preheat an electric griddle or fry pan to medium-high, about 350 degrees f

(175 degrees c). stir the flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda

together in a large bowl until well combined.

stir in the buttermilk, 1/2 cup at a time, until the mixture forms a very

sticky ball of dough. turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface, and

knead gently 8 to 10 times. pat the dough into a circle about 1 1/2 inch

thick, and cut the circle into quarters.

place the wedges onto the preheated griddle and cook until the bottom is

golden brown, about 15 minutes; turn over and cook the other

side until golden, another 10 to 15 minutes. a toothpick inserted into the

center of a wedge should come out clean. stand the wedges on a wire rack to

cool, then cut each wedge in half and slice horizontally for serving.



deep fried corn bread balls





1 c. white corn meal

1 c. yellow corn meal

dash salt

3/4 to 1 c. buttermilk

little water to moisten



mix all ingredients well. batter must be moist. deep fry by big spoons

full.





blue corn cornbread - native american



1 cup blue cornmeal

1 cup all-purpose flour

5 teaspoons baking powder

1/4 cup white sugar

1 pinch salt

2 pcs eggs, beaten

1 cup milk

1/2 cup butter



preheat an oven to 350 degrees f (175 degrees c). grease a 9x9 inch baking

dish.

mix cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a bowl. sift 3

times.

stir the eggs and milk into the cornmeal mixture. place the butter in the

prepared baking dish, and melt in the preheated oven. mix hot, melted

butter into the cornmeal mixture. transfer cornmeal mixture to the prepared

baking dish.

bake on center rack in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, until the

edges of the cornbread pull away from the sides of the dish, and a

toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. let cool 10 minutes

before cutting.





venison chili



vegetable cooking spray

2 cups chopped onion

4 garlic cloves, minced

2 pcs fresh anaheim chilies, seeded and m; inced

2 pcs fresh jalapeño chilies, seeded and; minced

1 pcs green bell pepper chopped and seede; d

2 lb venison, trimmed of fat cut in 1/2; in cubes or ground

1 tbsp freshly ground pepper

3 tbsp good quality chili powder

2 tbsp ground cumin

1 tbsp ground cinnamon

2 pcs dried ancho chilies, seeded and cho; pped

1/4 tsp crushed dried oregano

1/4 tsp crushed dried thyme

3 cups water or beef broth

1/3 c molasses

1 can mexican style tomatoes, with juice; - 28 oz

3 can kidney beans, drained, rinsed, and; drained again - 15 oz

1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro



lightly spray the bottom of a large pot with cooking spray. add onion,

garlic,

and fresh chilies. sauté over medium low heat, stirring, until onion is

limp,

about 4 minutes. transfer the onion mixture to a dish; keep warm.



sprinkle the cubed (or ground) venison with pepper. add the seasoned

venison to

the pot (if necessary, lightly spray with cooking spray to prevent

sticking) and

cook, stirring, until venison is well browned.



return onions to the pot and add the remaining ingredients except kidney

beans

and cilantro. stir well, breaking up the tomatoes with the back of a spoon.



simmer, uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours, until the venison is tender. if

chili seems

too dry, add water (or beef broth) as needed to maintain desired

consistency.



stir in kidney beans and cilantro. cook for another 10 minutes, until

beans are

heated through. ladle the chili into soup bowls and serve.



to can: after you return the onions to the pot. simmer for 30 minutes

then add

the kidney beans and cilantro. ladle into pint jars leaving a 1” headspace.



process in a pressure canner for 75 minutes at 10 lb pressure. adjust

pressure

according to altitude and / or style of canner.



do not can chili in quarts. only pints.





venison sausage





3 1/2 lb venison defatted and ground

1 1/2 lb smoked bacon ground

(can be ends / pieces or fresh grou; nd pork)

1/2 cup brown sugar

2 tsp salt (add more salt if fresh pork u; sed)

1 tsp garlic powder

1 tsp onion powder

1/2 tsp coriander

2 tsp black pepper

1/4 tsp allspice

1/4 tsp nutmeg

1/4 tsp cinnamon

1/4 tsp savory

1/8 tsp cumin

to taste - hot sauce



mix all together well. shape into patties to fry. may be frozen.



notes: pennsylvania dutch style





smoked venison country sausage



6 lb venison

4 lb fat pork butts

1 lb water

6 tbsp salt

1 tbsp ground white pepper

3 oz corn syrup solids

4 tsp onion powder

1 tsp ground nutmeg

2 level tsp prague powder no. 1

2 cups soy protein concentrate



grind all meat through a 1/4” grinder plate and mix all ingredients

well. stuff

into 32 - 35mm hog casings and link into 6” links remove to preheated

smokehouse

at 120 degrees f., with dampers wide open for about 1 hour or until

sausage is

dry. then apply heavy smoke, gradually increasing temperature of smokehouse

to 160 degrees f. damper is to be about 1/4 open while the smokehouse

heat is

increased at the rate of 10 degrees f. every 30 minutes. hold until

internal

temperature reaches 152 degrees f. remove from smoker and shower with

cool water

until internal temperature reaches 110 degrees f. remove and place in

cooler for

24 hours before using.



venison jerky



1 lb ground venison (the less fat the be; tter)

2 tsp salt

1/4 tsp cayenne pepper

1/4 tsp white pepper

1/2 tsp garlic powder

1 tsp dry mustard

2 tbsp brown sugar

3 tsp liquid smoke

2 tsp cure (optional)



combine ground venison and all spices. mix very thoroughly. roll mixture

out

between 2 sheets of plastic wrap or wax paper until it is about 1/8 inch

thick.

use a butter knife and cut meat into 1 inch wide strips 4 to 6 inches long.



will take at least 6 hours depending on dehydrator. check for doneness

after 6

hours.



cornmeal pound cake





1/2 cup butter, softened, 4 oz

1 cup light brown sugar

12/2 cup white sugar

5 pcs eggs

6 t. sour cream

1/2 t. vanilla extract

1 cup flour

1/2 t. salt

1 t. baking powder

1 cup yellow cornmeal

candied cranberries, recipe follows

vanilla bean cream, recipe follows

candied cranberries:

1 cup cranberry juice

1 cup sugar

1 cup cranberries, picked over

vanilla bean cream:

1 cup heavy cream

1/4 cup powdered sugar

1 vanilla bean, cut in half lengthwise and sc; raped



preheat oven to 350. lightly oil a 10 inch cake pan. beat together butter

and two sugars with mixer using the paddle attachment until light and

fluffy. continue beating while adding eggs one at a time. stir in sour

cream and extracts. sift together flour, salt, and baking powder. fold into

the butter-sugar mixture, then fold in the cornmeal pour into the prepared

pan and bake for 45 to 50 minute. remove from oven and let cool

completely. serve pound cake warm with the candied cranberries and vanilla

cream.

pour juice into a heavy pan and stir in sugar. cook over moderate heat,

stirring occasionally and washing down any sugar crystals that cling to the

sides of the pan with a brush dipped in cold water. boil the mixture,

gently swirling pan, until temperature on a candy thermometer registers

250. add cranberries, remove pan from heat and let the mixture cool.

whip cream in clean, cold bowl until it thickens slightly. sift in powdered

sugar and pulp from vanilla bean and continue beating until stiff peaks

appear.



yield: one 10 inch rou





prairie potato bake



1 recipe mashed potatoes*

1 1/2 pounds ground buffalo

1/2 cup chopped onion (1 medium)

3/4 cup beef broth

1/4 cup all-purpose flour

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/8 teaspoon black pepper

1 can cond cream mushroom soup 10 3/4-ou; nce

1 carton dairy sour cream 8-ounce

6 ounces process cheese food, cut into 6 1 1; /2-inch cubes

2 cups cornflakes, crushed



1. prepare mashed potatoes; set aside to cool for 1 hour or till cool

enough to

handle.



2. in a large skillet, cook meat and onion till meat is brown. drain off

fat. in

a small bowl, stir together the broth, flour, salt and black pepper till

well

combined. stir broth mixture into meat mixture. cook and stir over medium

heat

till thickened. remove from heat. stir in soup and sour cream. transfer

meat

mixture to a 3-quart casserole; set aside.

3. for potato topping, shape about 2/3 cup of the mashed potatoes into a

ball.

make a hole in the center of ball; insert a cube of cheese in the hole,

then

reshape into a ball, enclosing the cheese. repeat with remaining mashed

potatoes

and cheese cubes. roll each ball in crushed cornflakes. arrange potato

balls on

top of meat mixture.

4. bake, uncovered, in a 350° oven about 40 minutes or till mixture is

bubbly

and potatoes are heated through. makes 6 servings.



*mashed potatoes: peel and quarter 2 pounds (about 6 medium) potatoes.

cook,

covered, in a small amount of boiling lightly salted water for 20 to 25

minutes

or till tender; drain. mash with a potato masher or beat with an electric

mixer

on low speed. add 1/4 cup butter or margarine. season to taste with salt

and

pepper. gradually beat in 1/3 to 1/2 cup milk to make light and fluffy.



yield: about 4 cups.



corn salsa





1 1/2 cups whole kernel corn

1/2 cup chopped roma tomatoes

3 tablespoons minced red onion

3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro

1 tablespoon lime juice

1 pc medium fresh serrano pepper, seeded; and minced

1 clove garlic, minced

1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil

1/2 teaspoon chipotle pepper powder

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon cumin

black pepper to taste



heat corn in a nonstick pan without oil on medium-high for 2 to 3 minutes

or until toasted. combine remaining ingredients in a bowl and add corn.



cover and refrigerate for 2 hours to allow flavors to blend.





chipotle apple pecan cake



3 cups all-purpose flour

2 tsp. ground cinnamon

11/2 tsp. ground nutmeg

1 tsp. baking soda

1 tsp. ground chipotle pepper

3/4 tsp. ground ginger

1/2 tsp. ground white pepper

1/4 tsp. salt

1/8 tsp. ground cloves

11/2 cups cooking oil

13/4 cups sugar

3 pcs eggs

1 tablespoon vanilla

3 cups apples peeled, cored, and diced

1 cup chopped pecans, toasted

spicy caramel glaze (see below)



1. preheat oven to 325 degrees f. lightly coat 10-inch fluted tube pan

with

cooking spray; lightly sprinkle with flour. set aside. in a bowl

combine the 3

cups flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, chipotle, ginger, white

pepper, salt,

and cloves; set aside.



2. in a mixing bowl beat oil and sugar with electric mixer on medium

speed until

combined. add eggs, one at a time; beat well after each addition. beat

in

vanilla and as much flour mixture as you can. stir in remaining flour

mixture,

apples, and pecans. spoon batter into pan.



3. bake 1-1/4 hours, until wooden toothpick inserted near center comes

out

clean. meanwhile, prepare spicy caramel glaze. cool cake in pan 10

minutes;

invert on rack. place rack over baking sheet. drizzle warm cake with

spicy

caramel glaze, respooning glaze that drips on baking sheet over cake.

cool

completely before serving. makes 16 servings.



spicy caramel glaze: in a saucepan combine 1/2 cup packed brown sugar,

1/4 cup

butter, 1/4 cup whipping cream, and 1/2 tsp. ground chipotle pepper.

bring to

boiling, stirring occasionally. boil gently 2 minutes. remove from heat.

stir in

1 tsp. vanilla let stand 1-1/4 hours until slightly thickened. drizzle

over warm

cake.





quinoa and fresh dungeness crab salad



for the quinoa:

1 cup quinoa

1/2 cup each carrot, celery, onion and leek; , diced small

9 cloves garlic, minced

1 gallon cold water

1 tablespoon kosher salt

for the vinaigrette:

1/4 cup citrus juice

1/2 cup olive oil

2 tablespoons honey

kosher salt, to taste

freshly ground black pepper

for the basil oil:

1 cup olive oil

1/2 cup packed sweet basil leaves

1/2 pound dungeness crab, picked clean of she; lls and cartilage

1 1/2 cups mixed herb salad, or any kind of sa; lad greens

chopped dry roasted unsalted peanut; s

2 cups fresh citrus segments (can be any c; itrus desired)



for the quinoa: place all ingredients in a nonreactive pot, and bring to a

boil over high heat uncovered. turn to a simmer, and cook for 15 minutes or

until quinoa is done. strain through a very fine mesh strainer, and let

all excess water drain. place on a cookie sheet and refrigerate until cool.

place in airtight container and refrigerate. may be done 2 days in

advance.



for the vinaigrette: place all ingredients in jar and shake vigorously.



for the basil oil: bring small pot of water to boil, and salt blanch leaves

in boiling water for 10 to 15 seconds. shock in ice water to stop the

cooking process. as soon as basil is cool, remove from water and ring out

as much water as possible. press out as much water from leaves as you can

with paper towels. when dry, rough chop and place in blender with oil.

pur?e on high for 5 minutes. place in glass jar and cover, leave at room

temperature for 24 hours. strain through coffee filter, and refrigerate for

up to 5 days. pull out the basil oil from the refrigerator the day you

plan to use it, and let it warm to room temperature.



for assembling the appetizer: place quinoa and half the citrus segments in

a bowl and toss. season as needed. place on large platter, and toss fresh

dungeness in a bowl with the citrus vinaigrette, reserving some of the

dressing for the salad. top quinoa with the crab. garnish with remaining

citrus segments. toss salad with remaining vinaigrette and garnish on top

of the crab. drizzle basil oil around the base of the salad, and garnish

with peanuts.



wild rice stuffing for turkey



2 cups hot water

4 cubes chicken bouillon, crumbled

1 package wild rice, uncooked (6 ounce)

1/2 cup butter

1 cup chopped celery

1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper

1 package seasoned croutons (5.5 ounce)

2 teaspoons poultry seasoning



1. dissolve 3 cubes bouillon in 1 cup hot water. in a medium saucepan,

combine

wild rice with bouillon water, then fill with just enough cold water to

cover.

bring to a boil. reduce heat, cover, and simmer 25 minutes, stirring

occasionally.



2. mix remaining 1 cube bouillon in 1 cup hot water. heat butter in a

medium

skillet over medium heat. stir in celery and green pepper; cook until

tender.

mix in remaining bouillon water. pour skillet contents into a large

bowl. stir

together cooked rice, croutons, and poultry seasoning.



3. stuff turkey loosely, and cook turkey as directed. or put stuffing

into a

well greased baking dish, cover, and bake 30 minutes in a preheated

oven at 325

degrees f (165 degree c).





pumpkin frybread pudding



whisk:

1 1/2 cup milk

3/4 cup pumpkin

1/2 cup sugar

2 pcs eggs

1/2 tsp salt (i leave it out)

1 tsp cinnamon

1/2 tsp ginger

2 tsp bourbon or whiskey (optional)

5 cups frybread cubes



place:

5 cups of fry bread, cubed in a 9 x 13 buttered pan. let sit covered

overnight in refrigerator. .



before placing pan in oven to bake melt: 3/4 stick butter and pour over

bread mix. using the tip of a knife allow some of the butter to seep into

the bread mix.



bake uncovered in a 350 oven 25/30 minutes



this is a nice treat as a holiday breakfast item or dessert.



if serving as a breakfast item i like to serve it at room temperature with

a drizzle of warmed maple syrup (don't overpower the cinnamon/pumpkin

flavors) and a dollop of whipped cream.



*if serving this as a dessert item the bourbon or whiskey may be

incorporated into the warmed maple syrup when serving adults.





northwest blueberry habanero chutney



1/2 pc medium onion, finely chopped

1/2 cup rice vinegar

1/4 cup sugar

3/4 pc habanero pepper, cored, seeded, and; minced

2 cups blueberries, fresh or frozen



add first four ingredients in a small saucepan. bring to a boil over a high

heat, then reduce to a simmer and reduce to a 1/4 cup. now add

blueberries and cook over medium, until berries are tender and have popped.

taste and adjust seasoning if needed.



fried corn



1/4 cup bacon drippings

10 ears fresh corn, cleaned and kernels cut; from cob

1/4 cup milk

1 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon pepper



in a heavy or iron skillet, heat drippings over medium heat. add corn and

cook for about five minutes, then add milk, salt and pepper. cook stirring

frequently till corn looks cooked (about 30 minutes). remove from stove and

serve.



sauteed pumpkin





2 tablespoons butter

11/2 lbs pie pumpkin seeded, peeled, cut in; 1/2 in chunks

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/8 teaspoon black pepper

1 tablespoon maple syrup



1. in a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. add pumpkin, and

stir to

coat well. cover skillet and cook until pumpkin softens, mixing

occasionally.



2. uncover pumpkin and sauté 15 minutes, or until golden and fork-

tender.



3. season with salt and pepper then drizzle with maple syrup. serve

warm.





yucatan pork tacos





1/2 cup achiote paste

10 cloves garlic, chopped

1 1/2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice

2 pcs limesjuice of

8 pcs bay leaves, crumbled

2 teaspoons cumin seeds

1 teaspoon ground cinnamon

2 teaspoons dried thyme

1 teaspoon dried oregano

1 teaspoon sea salt

2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper

4 pounds pork butt, cut in 3-inch cubes

2 pcs white onions, sliced 1/2-inch thick

5 pcs roma tomatoes, sliced 1/2-inch thic; k

1 pound banana leaves, softened over low fl; ame, or aluminum foil

4 pcs anaheim chiles, roasted, peeled, se; eded*, and sliced into st

16 20 pcs small corn tortillas, warm, for ser; ving

1 1/4 cups refried black beans, warm, for serv; ing

gaucamole (optional), for serving

orange jicama slaw (see recipe belo; w), for serving

pickled red onions (see recipe belo; w), for serving



one of the most popular entrees at our border grill restaurants, this

delicious yucatan-style pork, also known as cochinita pibil, translated

nicely into a signature taco on our border grill truck. featuring

slow-roasted pork marinated in achiote, citrus, and cinnamon, paired with

orange salsa, pickled onions, and handmade corn tortillas, it’s a knockout

flavor combination that can’t be beat.

in a medium bowl, mash together the achiote paste, garlic, orange juice,

lime juice, bay leaves, cumin, cinnamon, thyme, oregano, salt, and pepper

with a fork. add the pork, toss to evenly coat, and marinate, at room

temperature, at least 4 hours.



preheat the oven to 300 degrees f.



heat a large, dry cast-iron skillet over high heat. char the onion until

blackened on both sides. then char the tomatoes on both sides. reserve.



line a large baking dish with one layer of the banana leaves or foil.

arrange the pork in an even layer and top with the onions, tomatoes,

chiles, and all the marinade. cover with more banana leaves and wrap the

dish tightly in foil.



bake 2 1/2 to 3 hours or until the pork is tender and moist. remove from

oven, let sit 10 minutes, and then unwrap. using two forks, shred pork into

bite-sized pieces. place warm tortillas on a work surface and top with a

layer of black beans. add shredded pork and top with guacamole (if using),

orange jicama slaw, and pickled red onions. serve immediately.



* fresh chiles can be roasted over a gas flame or under the broiler. keep

turning so skin is evenly charred, without burning the flesh. transfer

charred chiles to a closed plastic bag and steam 10 to 15 minutes. pull off

charred skin by hand and dip briefly in water to remove blackened bits.

once peeled, cut away stems, seeds, and veins.



yield: serves 8 to 10





morning pecan casserole





1 package brown-and-serve sausage patties 8-o; unce

nonstick cooking spray

1 loaf raisin bread, cubed 16-ounce

6 pcs eggs

11/2 cups milk

11/2 cups light cream or half-and-half

1 teaspoon vanilla

1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg

1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon

1 cup packed brown sugar

1 cup coarsely chopped pecans

1/2 cup butter or margarine, softened

2 tablespoons maple syrup or maple-flavored syrup



1. in a medium skillet brown the sausage patties on both sides over

medium-high

heat. drain off the fat; cut patties into bite-size pieces.



2. meanwhile, spray a 3-quart rectangular (13x9x2-inch) baking dish

with

nonstick cooking spray. place bread cubes in dish. add browned sausage

pieces.



3. in a large mixing bowl beat together the eggs, milk, cream, vanilla,

nutmeg,

and cinnamon. pour over bread and sausage, pressing bread and sausage

into the

egg mixture. cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.



4. for topping, in a bowl combine brown sugar, pecans, butter, or

margarine and

maple syrup. drop by teaspoonfuls over top of egg mixture.



5. bake in a 350 degree f oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until a knife

inserted

near center comes out clean



yield: makes 10 servin





venison in collops



venison

claret

vinigar

sugar

cinnamon



venison was roasting a

grisset was set under it to receive the gravy. when the collops are

near roasted enough, claret was added to the drippings. , vinegar, sugar,

beaten cinnamon in the red ware skillet over the chafing-dish of coals.

the sauce is bubbling and a ladleful of drawn butter will be added.





pumpkin cornbread



2 cups cornmeal

2 cups white flour

1 cup sugar

2 tbs. baking powder

1/2 tsp baking soda

1 cup vegetable oil

4 pcs eggs

2 1/4 cups pumpkin puree

1 cup milk



1. preheat oven to 350 degrees.

2. combine all the dry ingredients in a large bowl.

3. on the first speed of a hand or standing mixer, beat together the eggs,

oil,

pumpkin puree, and milk.

4. fold the wet ingredients into the dry in three batches with a rubber

spatula.

the batter will be smooth, and is more fluffy than liquidy.

5. pour the batter into a 9 by 13 baking pan (or two loaf pans), and place

in

the middle rack of the oven.

6. bake for 25 minutes, or until a cake tester or toothpick stuck in the

middle

of the cornbread comes out dry.

7. let the cornbread cool for ten minutes, and then cut into pieces and

serve.





yucca with cuban mojo





4 pounds frozen yucca

4 pcs medium yellow onions, thinly sliced

24 cloves garlic, thinly sliced

salt and freshly ground black peppe; r

1/2 cup lime juice (about 6 limes)

1/2 cup vegetable oil

1/4 cup chopped fresh oregano leaves



bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. add the yucca and boil

until tender, about 30 minutes. drain and place the yucca on a

serving platter.

heat the oil in a small skillet over high heat, add the onions and

garlic and let cook about 1 minute, making sure the garlic and the

onions don't start to brown; season with salt and pepper. pour the

onions and garlic directly over the yucca. pour the lime juice on top

and sprinkle with oregano.





prickly pear chocolate ganache tart



for the tart shells:

4 oz. butter

4 oz. sugar

1 pc egg

10 oz. flour

for the ganache:

4 oz. cream

4 oz. culinary traditions prickly pear pu; ree, thawed

2 oz. inverted sugar

12 oz. semisweet chocolate

2 oz. butter



1. in a bowl, mix ingredients well.

2. distribute mixture evenly into 12 tart shells and bake at 350° f for 30

minutes.

3. set aside.

1. warm the cream, prickly pear and inverted sugar in a sauce pan over low

heat.

2. pour the mixture over the chocolate in a bowl and mix.

3. cut the butter into small pieces and add to the mixure.

4. stir the mixture until smooth.

5. pour the mixture into the tart shells and cool.





pueblo pork roast stuffed with wild rice





3/4 cup chopped pecans

2 tablespoons butter or margarine

3/4 cup sliced leeks

3/4 cup chopped celery

4 cup cooked wild rice

3/4 cup cranberry juice; divided

2 tablespoons grated prickly pear (red)

1 tablespoon diced crystallized ginger, divided

1/2 ts salt

1 pc boneless pork loin roast-(3 & 1/2 l; bs.), rolled and tied

1 teaspoons dried sagge, crushed

1/4 teaspons cracked black pepper

16 ounces canned cranberry sauce

1 prickly pear, peeled & sectioned



cook pecans in butter in large skillet over medium-high heat

until brown. add leeks and celery; cook until vegetables are

tender crisp. stir in wild rice, 1/2 cup cranberry juice, prickly pear,

1 teaspoon ginger, and salt; set aside. untie roast, and spoon

rice mixture lengthwise between loins. retie roast securely

with string at 2- to 3-inch intervals; place, fat side down,

on rack in shallow roasting pan. combine sage and pepper;

sprinkle over roast. insert meat thermometer does not touch

stuffing or fat. bake at 325 degrees. for 1-1/2 hours. combine

cranberry sauce, remaining cranberry juice, remaining ginger, and

prickly pear in small saucepan; stir well. simmer over medium heat 25

minutes, stirring occasionally. brush about 1/2 cup cranberry

mixture over pork. bake an additional 15 minutes or until meat

thermometer registers 170 degrees. let roast stand 10 minutes.

remove string and slice roast. serve with remaining cranberry

sauce.



yield: 6 servings





algonquin wild nut soup (paganens)



24 oz hazelnuts, crushed

6 ea shallots, with tops

3 tbl parsley, chopped

6 cup stock, vegetable, beef, venison or; chicken

1 tsp salt

1/4 tsp black pepper



place all ingredients in a large soup pot & simmer

slowly over a medium heat for 1 1/2 hours, stirring

the osage people used hominy, a course type of corn, in many of their

recipes, here are some that i like personally, it will look great if you

use recipes from different tribes!





osage hominy salsa





2 cups cooked hominy (red/white/blue mixed; is fun for this one)

3 pcs ripe avocados, peeled, pitted and d; iced large

1 pc red onion, diced small

1 pc red bell pepper, diced small

1/3 cup virgin olive oil

1/4 cup red wine vingar

1 tablespoon mince garlic

3 pcs serrano peppers, minced

1 tablespoon ground cumin

1 teaspoon chili powder

1/4 cup finely chopped cilantro

1/2 cup fresh lime juice (2-4 limes, depend; ing on juiciness)

salt and fresh-ground pepper to tas; te



mix it all together. will keep refrigerated for 2-3 days.





pumpkin scones with berry butter





2 1/4 cup all-purpose flour

1/4 cup packed brown sugar

2 teaspoon baking powder

1 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/2 cup chilled margarine or butter

1 pc large egg, beaten

1/2 cup canned pumpkin

1/3 cup milk

2 tablespoon dried cranberries or dried blueberr; ies

1/2 cup boiling water

1/2 cup margarine or butter, softened

3 tablespoon powdered sugar

1/4 teaspoon baking soda



1. preheat oven to 400 degrees f. in a mixing bowl combine flour, brown

sugar, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda, and salt. with a

pastry blender cut in the 1/2 cup chilled margarine or butter until mixture

resembles coarse crumbs. make a well in the center of dry mixture; set

aside.

2. in another bowl combine egg, pumpkin, and milk. add egg mixture all at

once to dry mixture. using a fork, stir just until moistened.

3. turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. quickly knead dough by

folding and pressing gently for 10 to 12 strokes or until nearly smooth.

pat dough into an 8-inch circle. cut into 12 wedges.

4. place wedges 1 inch apart on an ungreased baking sheet. if desired,

brush tops with additional milk. bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden.

remove scones from baking sheet and cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes.

serve warm with berry butter. makes 12 scones.



for berry butter:

in a small bowl combine dried cranberries or dried blueberries and boiling

water. let stand 10 minutes. drain well and finely chop berries. stir

together the 1/2 cup margarine or butter, powdered sugar, and the

cranberries or blueberries. cover and let chill at least 1 hour before

serving to allow flavors to blend. makes 3/4 cup.



yield: 12 servings





pumpkin cornbread



2 cups cornmeal

2 cups white flour

1 cup sugar

2 tbs. baking powder

1/2 tsp baking soda

1 cup vegetable oil

4 pcs eggs

2 1/4 cups pumpkin puree

1 cup milk



1. preheat oven to 350 degrees.

2. combine all the dry ingredients in a large bowl.

3. on the first speed of a hand or standing mixer, beat together the eggs,

oil,

pumpkin puree, and milk.

4. fold the wet ingredients into the dry in three batches with a rubber

spatula.

the batter will be smooth, and is more fluffy than liquidy.

5. pour the batter into a 9 by 13 baking pan (or two loaf pans), and place

in

the middle rack of the oven.

6. bake for 25 minutes, or until a cake tester or toothpick stuck in the

middle

of the cornbread comes out dry.

7. let the cornbread cool for ten minutes, and then cut into pieces and

serve





snowcapped butternut squash



4 cups butternut squash, peeled, seeded an; d cubed

1 pc medium onion, halved and thinly sli; ced

2 tbsp. butter or margarine

1 cup sour cream (8 ounces)

1/2 tsp. salt

1/2 tsp. dill weed

dash pepper

additional dill weed optional



place squash in a large saucepan and cover with water, bring to boil.

reduce

heat, cover and simmer for 20-30 minutes or until tender.



in a skillet, saute onion in butter until tender. remove from the heat.

stir in

sour cream, salt, dill and pepper. drain squash and transfer to a serving

bowl:

top with sauce. sprinkle with additional dill if desired.



yield: 4-6 servings.



squash tea cake





2 pcs egg whites

1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

1 pc orange zest of

1/2 cup vegetable oil

3/4 cup sugar

1 1/2 teaspoons sugar for topping the tea cake

1/2 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon cinnamon

1 teaspoon baking soda

1/2 teaspoon baking powder

1 cup flour

1 cup shredded squash

3/4 cup toasted pecans



total time: 1 hour, 45 minutes



1. heat the oven to 325 degrees. in a large bowl, combine the egg whites,

vanilla extract, orange zest and vegetable oil, and whisk just to combine.



2. whisk in 3/4 cup sugar and the salt just to combine.



3. in a medium bowl, whisk together the cinnamon, baking soda, baking

powder and flour. gently whisk the dry ingredients into the egg white

mixture just until combined. fold in the squash and pecans.



4. grease an 8-1/2-inch by 4-1/2-inch by 2-1/2-inch metal loaf pan. line

the pan with parchment paper and grease the paper. pour the batter into the

pan.



5. lightly sprinkle the top of the batter with the remaining 1-1/2

teaspoons sugar.



6. bake until the cake is set (it will spring back when gently touched on

top, and a knife inserted will come out clean), about 1 to 11/2 hours; ours

typically set after 1 hour and 15 minutes, though this can vary by pan and

heat of the oven.



yield: servings: 8 to





burning tree rice pudding



rice pudding base

1/2 cup wild rice

2 cups water

salt

1 pc(3-inch) mexican (canela) cinnamon stick,

1 quart half and half, more if needed

1/2 to 1 cup heavy cream

1/2 cup muscobado sugar

1/3 cup condensed milk

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

caramel

1 cup sugar

1/2 cup water

1 pc orange peel

1 cup heavy cream

2 tablespoons unsalted butter

salt

pecan brittle

butter, for greasing the sheet pan

1/4 cup whole pecans

3 tablespoons olive oil

fleur de sel

1 cup sugar

1/4 cup water

1/2 teaspoon baking soda*



1. rinse the rice several times until the water runs clear. this is

very important, so that rice will be evenly overcooked and there will

be no al dente grains.



2. in a heavy saucepan, bring the 2 cups water, a pinch of salt and the

cinnamon stick to a simmer over high heat. add the rice and simmer

until it has absorbed the water, about 10 minutes.



3. stir in the half and half and bring the mixture to a boil over high

heat. reduce the heat to a very gentle simmer and cook for 30 minutes,

stirring occasionally (be sure to stir the bottom of the pan to

prevent the rice from sticking; if it burns, you will need to start

over). depending on how quickly the rice absorbs the liquid, you may

need to add a little more water or half and half as needed.



4. stir in the cream, brown sugar, condensed milk and vanilla extract.

continue to simmer gently, stirring frequently, until the rice is very

thick and creamy (it should have no 'bite' whatsoever), about 20 to 30

minutes. remove from heat.



5. while the mixture is still very hot, adjust the consistency as

needed with additional cream (it should be rather thin, as it will

thicken dramatically as it cools; it will be easier to finish the rice

for service if it is not too thick). taste the rice and adjust the

flavor with more salt and/or sugar as desired.



6. move the rice to a medium bowl and cover with plastic wrap pressed

flat against the surface (this will prevent a skin from forming).

refrigerate the rice until chilled.



1. in a medium saucepan, combine the sugar and water. bring the mixture

to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture

caramelizes to a light golden brown. (do not stir the sugar once it

begins to bubble, and brush the sides of the pan with water to keep

the sugar from crystallizing — if it crystallizes, you will need to

start over.)



2. while the sugar is cooking, combine the orange peel and cream in a

small saucepan over high heat. scald the cream, then remove from heat.





3. when the sugar has caramelized, add the butter and stir slowly with

a wooden spoon, being careful not to seize the caramel. slowly add in

the hot cream, being careful of the hot steam.



4. season the caramel with a pinch of salt, and reserve in a warm place.

this makes a scant 1 cup caramel.

* (optional, this will make for a lighter and more airy brittle)



1. heat the oven to 350 degrees. butter a rimmed sheet pan and set it

aside.



2. toss the almonds with the olive oil and a sprinkling of fleur de sel.

place the almonds on a baking sheet (not the buttered pan) and toast

until golden and aromatic, about 4 to 6 minutes. set aside in a warm

place.



3. while the almonds are toasting, in a small heavy-bottom saucepan

over medium-high heat, combine the sugar and water and cook until the

mixture begins to boil. (use a small brush dipped in cold water to

brush down sugar crystals that cling to sides of pan.)



4. boil the sugar without stirring until a candy thermometer inserted

reads 310 degrees (hard-crack stage); the sugar should be golden.

remove from heat and stir in the warm toasted almonds and baking soda,

if using.



5. immediately pour the mixture onto the buttered sheet pan, spreading

it into an even layer with a metal spatula. sprinkle over a pinch of

fleur de sel, then set the mixture aside until hardened, about 30

minutes.



6. break the brittle, crushing it to desired consistency.



final assembly



chilled rice pudding base



2 cups heavy cream, whipped, more or less as desired



warm caramel



crushed almond brittle



1. spoon the chilled rice pudding base into a large bowl and fold in

whipped cream until the mixture has achieved a sufficiently fluffy and

light consistency (this makes a generous 6 cups pudding).



2. spoon the pudding into bowls and garnish with the warm caramel and

crushed almond brittle. serve immediately.



yield: servings: 10 to





reservation macaroni and cheese with tomatoes & chipotle pep



1 2/3 cups small elbow macaroni , cooked drain; ed

2 tbsp cornstarch

1 tsp salt

1/2 tsp dry mustard

1/4 tsp ground black pepper

1 can evaporated milk- 12 oz

1 cup water

1/3 cup diced dried venison or chorizo

1 pc chipotle pepper, finely chopped

2 pc medium tomatoes, seeded chopped

2 tbsp butter or margarine

2 cups shredded cheese 'mexican-blend' sty; le

topping:

bread crumbs

monterey jack cheese



preheat oven to 375° f. grease a 2-quart casserole dish.



heat a small frying pan over medium heat. add chorizo to pan. it will

begin to render its fat and turn crispy. stirring the chorizo

occasionally, keep an eye on it and remove it from heat when it reaches

a bacon-like crispiness. drain the fat, and let chorizo rest on a plate

covered with a paper towel, to soak up the excess oil.



combine cornstarch, salt, mustard and pepper in medium saucepan. stir in

evaporated milk, water, and butter. cook over medium-heat, stirring

constantly, until mixture comes to a boil. boil for 1 minute. remove

from heat. stir in 2 cups cheese until melted. add macaroni; mix well.

add chorizo, chipotle, and tomato. since tomato sizes can vary, you may

add less tomato to your taste. pour mixture into prepared casserole

dish. sprinkle panko bread crumbs over top, until a light, even layer of

them is formed. sprinkle a few tablespoons or so of cheese on top.



bake for 20 to 25 minutes. if necessary, broil for a few minutes to

brown the panko cheese crust.





santa fe corn on the cob



6 pcs sweet corn in husks

1 t butter

2 cloves garlic -- minced

1/4 c steak sauce

3/4 t chili powder

1/4 t ground cumin



soak corn in cold water for 1 hour. meanwhile, in a microwave-safe

dish, combine butter and garlic. cover and microwave on high for 2

minutes or until garlic is softened, stirring once. stir in the steak

sauce, chili powder and cumin; set aside. carefully peel back husks

from corn to within 1 in. of bottom; remove silk. brush corn with

sauce. rewrap corn in husks and secure with kitchen string. coat grill

rack with cooking spray before starting the grill. grill corn, covered,

servings.





pow wow corn



4 ears sweet corn, husks removed

2 tablespoons corn oil

1/2 cup mayonnaise

1 teaspoon chili powder

1 teaspoon garlic salt

freshly ground black pepper

1 pc lime, quartered

special equipment: grill pan



preheat a grill pan. rub corn with oil and place on the grill

pan, turning corn so all sides are charred, about 6 to 10 minutes.

meanwhile, mix together mayonnaise, chili powder, garlic salt, and

black pepper. remove corn from grill and brush with the mayonnaise

mixture. serve with lime quarters to squeeze over corn.



yield: 4 servings



smoky chile cornbread



4 strips thick-cut bacon chopped

2 cups stone-ground white or yellow cornme; al

1 cup all-purpose flour

2 tablespoons sugar

2 teaspoons baking powder

2 teaspoons baking soda

2 teaspoons kosher salt

4 pcs large eggs

2 cups milk

1 pc canned chipotle chile drained, ste; mmed,seeded minced

2 tablespoons finely-chopped chives



heat the oven to 375 degrees.



put the bacon into a cold 10-inch cast-iron pan and cook over medium

heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon bits are crisp. do not

let burn. remove the bacon to a paper towel lined plate. keep the

bacon fat in the pan and set aside.



in a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking

powder, baking soda, and salt.



in a separate bowl beat the eggs with a whisk until foamy; whisk in

the milk. add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir

just until combined. fold in the bacon bits, chipotle, and chives.



pour the batter into the cast-iron pan. bake until a toothpick

inserted in the center comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes.



yield: 6 to 8 servings





seneca ghost bread - native american



2 cups flour

1/8 tsp. salt

2 tsp. baking powder

1/2 cup dry skim milk

1 1/2 cups warm water

to fry:; 1/2 cup canola oil



in a bowl combine all ingredients except canola oil. mix until batter is

smooth. in a cast-iron or non-stick skillet heat enough oil at medium heat

to cover the bottom of the pan. scoop a large spoon full from the bread

batter and place it in the oil. let cook about 30 seconds or until bottom

is firm enough to slip spatula under and flip over. carefully turn the

dough over and press with spatula to flatten. you may have to press it down

several times. when it gets light brown around the edges turn it over and

cook till edges are browned. serve immediately or place on a plate in the

oven (warm setting). add more oil, if needed, and repeat with remaining

batter. serve warm with honey, preserves and nut butter (peanut, hazelnut

or almond).



makes 6 to 8 cakes



"

yield:"7 cakes"





slow cooker fresh chile grits 



1 tablespoon canola oil

1 medium onion; diced

2 garlic cloves; minced

4 1/2 cups roasted vegetable stock

1 1/2 cups stone-ground grits

4 jalapenos; sliced

1 teaspoon dried thyme

1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/4 cup shredded reduced fat cheddar cheese; sharp



heat the canola oil in a small sillet. add the onion and garlic and saute

until softened.



add the onion, garlic, stock, grits, jalapenos, and spices to a 4-quart

slow cooker. stir. cook on low for 8 hours. stir the cheese into the grits

before serving.



serves 10



per serving: cals 120 (19 % fat); fat 2.5g; carbs 21g; fiber <1g; sodium

180mg; protein 3g.



authornote: grits are most often served at breakfast, but they make a great

side dish as well.



the nitty gritty: grits are coarsely ground pieces of corn simmered with

water or broth until they are thick and creamy. yellow grits are made from

the whole kernel, while white grits are made from hulled kernels. either

variety can be used in this recipe.





pine nut & pumpkin seed bars



3 tablespoons pine nuts

2 tablespoons raw unsalted pumpkin seeds

12 tablespoons unsalted butter

1/2 cup packed light brown sugar

3 tablespoons honey

2/3 cup dried fruit *

2 cups old-fashioned rolled oats (not quic; k-cooking or instant)

pinch salt

6 1/2 ounces milk chocolate, broken into pieces



*sour cherries or cranberries, or chopped dried apricots,

pears, peaches or prunes, or a mixture (see headnote)



preheat the oven to 350 degrees. spray the bottom of an 8-inch square

baking

pan with nonstick cooking oil spray, or line with parchment paper.



spread the pine nuts and pumpkin seeds on a baking sheet and toast in

the

preheated oven for 5 minutes or until lightly golden. cool completely,

then

coarsely chop.



combine the butter, brown sugar and honey in a small saucepan over

medium-low

heat until melted, stirring occasionally to blend. let cool slightly.



combine the dried fruit and oats in a large mixing bowl. add the salt

and the

toasted pine nuts and seeds. pour in the warm butter mixture and mix

well.



transfer the batter to the baking pan, pressing down firmly with the

back of a

spoon to make an even layer. place on a baking sheet and bake for 30

minutes or

until lightly golden.



meanwhile, melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan

containing a few inches of barely bubbling water (medium heat). pour it

over

the top of baked slab (still uncut and warm).



when the chocolate has set (not firmly), cut the slab into 24 bars,

wiping the

knife clean between cuts.





huckleberry swirl cheesecake squares



2 t. sugar

2 t. cornstarch

1 cup fresh or frozen huckleberries

1/4 cup orange juice

2 cups flour

1/2 cup powdered sugar

1 cup butter

1 pkg. cream cheese, softened, 8 oz

1/2 cup sugar

1 t. flour

2 pcs eggs, lightly beaten

1 t. vanilla

powdered sugar, optional



preheat oven to 350. line a 13 x 9 inch baking pan with foil, extending

foil over edges of pan; set aside. in small pan, mix the 2 t. sugar

and the cornstarch. stir in huckleberries and orange juice. cook and

stir over medium heat until thickened and bubbly. remove from heat.

set aside. for crust, in large bowl, stir together the 2 cups flour

land the powdered sugar. cut in butter until fine crumbs form and

mixture starts to cling together. mixture wills till be crumbly. pat

mixture firmly into the prepared pan. bake for 20 minutes. meanwhile,

in medium mixing bowl, beat cream cheese, the 1/2 cup sugar, and the 1

t. flour with mixer on medium speed until smooth. beat in eggs and

vanilla until mixed. pour over hot baked crust, spreading evenly.

spoon huckleberry mixture in small mounds over cream cheese layer. use a

thin metal spatula or table knife to marble the mixtures together.

bake for 20 minutes more or until center is set. cover and chill for

at least 1 hour. using edges of foil, lift uncut bars out of pan. cut

into squares. store in airtight container in refrigerator for up to 2

days. if desired, sift powdered sugar just before serving. makes 36

squares. to soften cream cheese quickly, unwrap the cheese and place

it on a plate. microwave on full power for up to 30 seconds or until

soft.





pecan and sweet potato bread



11/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for du; sting the pan

1 teaspoon fine salt

1 teaspoon baking soda

1/2 teaspoon baking powder

1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon

1/2 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg

1 cup sweet potato flesh scooped from 2 m; edium roasted sweet potat

2/3 cup granulated sugar

1/3 cup packed light brown sugar

8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, melted, pl; us more for coating the p

2 pcs large eggs, at room temperature

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

1/2 cup whole milk

1/2 cup whole pecans, toasted and coarsely; chopped



total: 1 hr 10 mins

1. heat the oven to 350°f and arrange a rack in the middle. coat a

9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan with

butter and flour; tap out the excess.



2. combine the measured flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon,

and nutmeg in a medium bowl

and whisk to aerate and break up any lumps; set aside.



3. in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the

sweet potato flesh,

granulated sugar, and brown sugar on medium speed until well combined,

about 1 minute. add the

melted butter and mix on low speed until smooth. add the eggs one at a

time, mixing until fully

incorporated, then mix in the vanilla.



4. stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber

spatula. on low speed add half

of the reserved flour mixture, then 1/4 cup of the milk. repeat with the

remaining flour mixture

and milk, mixing until just combined, about 1 minute. remove the bowl from

the mixer and fold in

the nuts.



5. pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a cake tester

inserted in the center comes out

clean, about 55 to 60 minutes. let cool in the pan for 15 minutes, then

turn out on a wire rack to

cool completely. the bread will last covered for up to 5 days.



yield: 8 to 10 serving



preparation time: 15 mi





rez casserole



1 pkg. (7 oz) elbow macaroni

2 lb. ground buffalo

1 pc large onion, chopped

2 cloves,garlic minced

2 cans (14 1/2 oz. e rotel tomatoes

1 can (16 oz) kidney beans, rinsed & drained

1 can (6 oz) tomato paste

1 can (4 oz) chopped green chilies, drained

1 1/2 tsp. salt

1 tsp. chili powder

1/2 tsp. ground cumin

1/2 tsp. pepper

2 c. shredded monterey jack



cook macaroni according to package. in a large saucepan, cook beef,

onion and garlic over medium heat until meat is no longer pink; drain.

stir in tomatoes, beans, tomato paste, chilies and seasonings. bring

to a boil. reduce heat and simmer, uncovered for 10 minutes. drain

macaroni; stir into beef mixture. transfer to two greased 2 qt.

dishes. top with cheese. cover and bake at 375 for 30 minutes.

uncover; bake 10 minutes longer. serve one casserole and cool the

second; cover and freeze for up to 3 months.



to use frozen casserole: thaw in refrigerator for 8 hours. cover and

bake at 375 for 20-25 minutes or until heated through.





zuni brave beans with poblano chiles



1 lb. dried pinto beans, 2 cups

1 can diced tomatoes in juice, 14.5 oz.

1 pc medium red onion, diced

1 cup seeded and diced poblano chile

1 cup diced red bell pepper

1/2 lb. ground sirloin

1 strip bacon

2 cloves garlic, minced

1 t. chili powder

1 1/4 cups purchased barbecue sauce, divided

salt and pepper to taste



soak beans as pkg. directs. drain and rinse. mix beans, tomatoes, onion,

poblano, bell pepper, sirloin, bacon, garlic, chili powder and 1/4 cup

barbecue sauce in a 31/2 quart slow cooker. cover and cook until beans are

tender, on high heat setting for 4 to 6 hours or on low heat setting for 10

to 12 hours. remove bacon before serving beans. stir in remaining 1 cup

barbecue sauce into beans. season with salt and pepper. note: an easy way

to cut poblano it to lay it on its side, then cut off each lobe.servewith

fry bread.





old-fashioned soft pumpkin cookies



2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour

1 teaspoon baking soda

1 teaspoon baking powder

1 teaspoon ground cinnamon

1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg

1/2 teaspoon salt

1 1/2 cups granulated sugar

1/2 cup butter (1 stick), softened

1 cup libby's® 100% pure pumpkin

1 pc large egg

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

glaze (recipe follows)



preheat oven to 350° f. grease baking sheets.



combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in

medium bowl. beat sugar and butter in large mixer bowl until well blended.

beat in pumpkin, egg and vanilla extract until smooth. gradually beat in

flour mixture. drop by rounded tablespoon onto prepared baking sheets.



bake for 15 to 18 minutes or until edges are firm. cool on baking sheets

for 2 minutes; remove to wire racks to cool completely. drizzle glaze over

cookies.



for glaze:

combine 2 cups sifted powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon

melted butter and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in small bowl until smooth.



notes: nestle holiday recipes cookbook



yield: 36 cookies





buffalo chili



2 tablespoons oil

1 pound ground buffalo meat

2 canned chipotle chilies in adobo, minced

1 each, chopped: yellow onion, green; bell pepper

1/4 cup chili powder

2 tablespoons ground coriander

1 to 2 tablespoons ground cumin

1 tablespoon minced garlic

1 can (28 ounces) diced tomatoes

1 cup tomato puree

2 cups cooked or canned pinto beans, drain; ed, rinsed

1 cup water

1 cup beef broth, homemade or canned, plu; s more if necessary

2 tablespoons tomato paste

1/2 cup masa harina

1 teaspoon salt

freshly ground pepper



cook: 1 hour, 45 minutes

buffalo meat may need to be ordered from your butcher; some supermarkets do

carry it. masa harina and chipotle chilies in adobo sauce are available

from latino groceries and some supermarkets.

1. heat the oil in a dutch oven over medium heat. cook the ground buffalo,

breaking it up with a spoon, until well-browned and crumbled, 8 minutes.

add the chilies, onion, bell pepper, chili powder, coriander, cumin and

garlic. cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 3 minutes.



2. stir in the tomatoes and tomato puree; simmer 15 minutes. add the pinto

beans, water and beef broth. heat to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to

simmer. cook 30 minutes. stir in the tomato paste; simmer 30 minutes.

gradually stir in the masa harina; cook until thickened lightly. add more

water or stock if the chili becomes too thick. season with salt and pepper

to taste. simmer 15 minutes. serve hot.



notes: 'the mitsitam cafe cookbook.'



yield: 6 servings



preparation time: 25 mi







indian pudding 



3 1/4 cups milk

1 cup maple syrup

1/4 cup butter

1 1/2 cups each: cornmeal, dried currants

1/2 teaspoon ground ginger

1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg



cook: 15 minutes

before contact with the europeans, versions of this pudding would have

contained cornmeal, dried fruit, nut butter, water, maple sugar or honey,

according to richard hetzler in milk or cream replaced the water, he

writes, and eggs, molasses and more spices were added.

1. heat oven to 350 degrees. combine 3 cups of the milk and the maple syrup

in a medium saucepan. heat, stirring, to a simmer over medium heat. add

the butter; stir until melted.



2. combine the cornmeal, currants, ginger and nutmeg in a small bowl; stir

to blend. gradually stir into the milk mixture. cook, stirring often, until

thickened to the consistency of mush, 10 minutes.



3. pour the mixture into a greased, 8-inch square baking dish; smooth to

even the top. pour remaining 1/4 cup of the milk on top. bake until golden

brown, about 30 minutes. serve hot pudding in warmed bowls.



notes: 'the mitsitam cafe cookbook.'



yield: 6 servings



preparation time: 5 min







chili dumplings



2 cups original bisquick® mix

2/3 cup milk

1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro

1/2 teaspoon ground cumin

1 pc jalapeño chili, seeded, chopped,



in medium bowl, mix bisquick mix and milk until soft dough forms.

fold in cilantro, cumin and chili. drop dough by 10 spoonfuls onto

simmering

soup. cook uncovered 10 minutes. cover; cook 10 minutes longer.



makes 5 servings (1 cup soup and 2 dumplings each)







rez shepherds pie





1 lb extra lean (at least 93%) ground be; ef

1/2 cup slice mexican shepherd?s pied green; onions

1 cup chunky salsa

1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder

3/4 teaspoon cumin

1 can mexicorn® corn, drained (11 oz)

1 pouch betty crocker® loaded mashed potato; es (from 6.1 oz box)

1 1/3 cups water

2 tablespoons butter or margarine

1 cup milk

1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese (2 oz)

1 medium tomato, sliced into thin wedges

tortilla chips, if desired



in 10-inch skillet, cook ground beef and 1/4 cup of the green onions over

medium-high heat 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally until beef is

thoroughly cooked; drain. stir in salsa, chili powder and cumin. spoon corn

evenly over beef mixture in skillet. cover and cook over low heat until

mixture is thoroughly heated.

meanwhile, in 2-quart saucepan, heat water and butter to boiling. remove

from heat. stir in milk and 1 pouch potatoes with seasoning just until

bended. let stand about 1 minute or until liquid is absorbed; beat with

fork until smooth.

spoon potatoes over corn in skillet; spread evenly. sprinkle with cheese

and remaining 1/4 cup green onions. cover; cook over low heat about 5

minutes or until cheese is melted. arrange tomato wedges in spoke fashion

over potatoes. garnish with tortilla chips around outside edge of skillet.

makes 4 servings (1 1/2 cups each)



health twist replace ground beef with ground turkey breast and use

reduced-fat cheese.

do-ahead to save time, cook the ground beef and onions ahead of time;

refrigerate until you prepare the recipe.





seneca ghost bread





2 cups flour

1/8 tsp. salt

2 tsp. baking powder

1/2 cup dry skim milk

1 1/2 cups warm water

to fry: -- 1/2 cup canola oil



in a bowl combine all ingredients except canola oil. mix until batter is

smooth. in a cast-iron or non-stick skillet heat enough oil at medium heat

to cover the bottom of the pan. scoop a large spoon full from the bread

batter and place it in the oil. let cook about 30 seconds or until bottom

is firm enough to slip spatula under and flip over. carefully turn the

dough over and press with spatula to flatten. you may have to press it down

several times. when it gets light brown around the edges turn it over and

cook till edges are browned. serve immediately or place on a plate in the

oven (warm setting). add more oil, if needed, and repeat with remaining

batter. serve warm with honey, preserves and nut butter (peanut, hazelnut

or almond).



notes: native american



yield: 6 to 8 cakes





native pecan crisp squash





2 pcs acorn squash, about 1 lb. each

2/3 c. butter cracker crumbs

1/3 c. butter, melted

3 tbsp. brown sugar

1/2 tsp. salt

1/4 tsp. nutmeg

1/3 c. coarsely chopped pecans



cut squash in half lengthwise. remove seeds and fibrous membranes. place

cut side down in a 12'x8'x2' dish. cover with plastic wrap turning back one

corner to vent. microwave at high 6 minutes. while squash is cooking, toss

together crumbs, pecans, butter, brown sugar, salt and nutmeg. after

squash has cooked 6 minutes, turn cut side up and divide filling among the

four halves. re-cover with plastic wrap and microwave at high 6 to 8

minutes, until squash is tender. let stand 5 minutes before serving.





rolled wild duck breasts on red beans and rice.



2-4 pcs wild duck breasts flatten ea with; smooth side of meat mall

sliced ham

monterey jack cheese, sliced

flour

salt and pepper

olive oil

red beans and rice recipe

6-8 cups cooked white rice

1 pc bell pepper seeded and chopped

1 can mexican-style tomatoes and jalapeno; s 14-oz.

1 pcs small onion, chopped

1 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper

1 tablespoon of your favorite hot sauce

1 can of red beans 15-oz.



blend all of the rice and bean ingredients together in a large frying pan.

saute until the dish is heated and then keep it warm until the duck rolls

are prepared.



what you do:



take each flattened duck breast and place a slice of ham and monterey jack

cheese on each. roll them up and secure with toothpicks.



next, dredge each roll-up in flour.



fry each duck breast in olive oil until it is lightly browned. do not

overcook, they should be medium done.



serve on a bed of red beans and rice. you will want a cold beverage with

this dish.





campfire roasted squirrel





4 6 pcs fresh squirrels

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon pepper

1/4 cup olive oil

1/4 teaspoon seasoning salt (optional)

1/4 teaspoon creole seasoning (optional)



'fresh squirrel roasted over a open campfire..great for helping cutting the

cost of food during hunting or camping trips.. great way to sit around the

fire talkin bout the good things in life.. we have been doin this since i

was a kid.tastes great and helps warm you up on those cold days out in the

field..'

ingredients

if fresh squirrel is used skin and leave whole splitting the breast bone

length wise to open up the rib cage.

brush the oil over the squirrel then sprinkle the seasionings liberally all

over.

pull the hot coals to one side away from the main part of the fire.

either stake the squirrel on a cleaned tree limb over the coals or use a

metal grate over the coals.

rotate periodiaclly and don't over cook as the meat is real lean and will

dryout fast.



notes: okla native on september 03, 2010



yield: servings: 4-6 s



preparation time: 1 hr







the redneck redskins crock pot venison roast





1 pc medium venison roast

1 cans cream of mushroom soup (14 ounce)

16 ounces onion soup mix

1 pc large onions ( sliced)

1/4 cup soy sauce

1/2 cup worcestershire sauce

garlic salt

seasoning salt



'i tease my dad, who is navajo, calling him the redneck redskin.. this is

his vension roast recipe.. yum!'

cut venison into serving size piece while meat is raw. place cleaned and

washed meat in crockpot, sprinkle very generously with worcestershire

sauce, soy sauce, season all and garlic salt. add mushroom soup and onion

soup mix. stir together and place onion rings on top. cover and cook on low

for 6 to 8 hours.

the beauty of this recipe is that it only takes a few minutes to prepare

early in the morning and can cook all day while you are away to be ready to

eat which you get home. though no water is added, there will be lots of

gravy that can be served over rice or potatoes.



yield: 8-10, yield: 1



preparation time: 5 min







native lentil loaf



4 cups vegetable stock ( or water)

1 cup dry split lentils

2 tablespoons olive oil

1/3 cup chopped onions ( 1 small onion)

1 tomatoes, diced

1 apples, diced

1/2 teaspoon minced garlic ( 1 clove)

1 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon thyme

1/2 cup 2% low-fat milk

1 eggs, beaten

1 1/2 cups breadcrumbs

1 tablespoon parmesan cheese



bring water or stock to boil andadd the dry split lentils. simmer 30.

minutes until tender then drain and mash.

heat the oil in a heavy sauce pan. add the onion, tomato, apple, and.

garlic and sauté until tender.

add the salt, thyme, milk, egg, and 1 cup of the bread crumbs to the

lentils and stir.

grease a 4 x 9 loaf pan with cooking spray then spoon the mixture into it.

mix 1/2 cup bread crumbs with the parmesan cheese. sprinkle over loaf.

bake 1 hour at 350°f.



notes: native american health recipes



yield: serves: 6



preparation time: 10 mi





native green chile, chicken, and corn soup





1 pcs medium onions

2 pcs whole cloves

5 cups beef broth

3 cups chicken broth

3 chicken breast halves, skinned

2 pcs large baking potatoes, peeled and d; iced

2 pcs anaheim chilies

2 3/4 cups fresh cut corn, about 4 ears

1 pc avocados, sliced

2 pcs medium tomatoes, chopped

salt and pepper

garnishes

sour cream, fresh cilantro sprigs



peel the onion and stud with the cloves. combine the onion, broths, chicken

and potato in a dutch oven; bring to a boil. cover, reduce heat, and

simmer 20 minutes or until the potato is tender.

remove the onion. remove the chicken, reserving the broth in the pan. let

the chicken cool, bone it, and chop the meat. return the chicken to the

pan; set aside.

cut chiles in half lengthwis; remove seeds and membranes. place chiles,

skin side up, on an ungreased baking sheet; flatten with the palm of your

hand. broil 3 inches from the heat (with electric oven door partially

opened) 6 minutes or until charred. place chiles in ice water; peel and

discard skins. coarsely chop the chiles, and add to the reserved broth

mixture.

stir in corn; bring to a boil. reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 4 minutes

or until the corn is tender. taste your soup, and add salt and pepper as

needed (depends on the broth you originally used).

ladle soup into individual soup bowls. top each serving with avocado slices

and chopped tomato. garnish, if desired with sour cream and fresh

cilantro.



notes: 'southwest cooks!', a collection of native american cui



yield: 13 cups



preparation time: 25 mi





how to make a simple pot of anasazi beans



1 lb anasazi beans

1 cup onions, chopped

4 garlic cloves, minced

2 pcs jalapenos, chopped

1 tablespoon olive oil

1 teaspoon cumin ( more if you like)

salt and pepper

optional

epazote



wash and soak a pound of beans according to the directions on the package.

drain them and put them in a pot.

cover them with water and cook them until they are tender, adding more

water if necessary.

while the beans are cooking, saute chopped onions, minced garlic cloves,

and jalapenos in olive oil. add the vegetable mixture to the beans while

they are cooking. season with cumin, salt, and pepper.



notes: mama's kitchen (hope)anasazi beans: gift from the cliff



yield: servings: 6 ser



preparation time: 15 mi





native pecan pasta



1 package egg noodles (16 ounce)

1 tablespoon oil

1 teaspoon minced garlic

1 anehiem pepper, chopped

2 pcs leeks cut into 1 inch pieces

1 cup chicken broth

1/4 cup chopped fresh white sage

salt to taste

1/2 teaspoon pepper

3 tablespoons butter

1 pound grilled chicken breast strips

1/2 cup pecan halves



1.bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. add noodles

and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain.

2.heat the oil in a dutch oven or large pot over medium heat.

stir in the garlic, pepper, and leeks cook and stir 5 minutes

until the garlic softens and mellows. pour in the chicken broth, and

bring to a boil over medium-high heat. simmer until the vegetables

have softened, then add the sage, salt, pepper, butter, and chicken.

cook and stir a few minutes until the chicken is hot. stir in the

cooked pasta, then fold in pecan halves to

serve.





reservation meatloaf



2 tbs. plus 1 tsp. oil

1 pc medium yellow onion, chopped

1 cup small-diced red bell pepper

2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped

21/2 dried frybread, cut into 2-inch pieces

1 cup whole milk

1 lb. ground pork

1 lb. ground bison

2 pcs large eggs

4 tbs. chopped fresh cilantro

1 tbs. finely chopped jalapeño pepper (see; ded if you like)

1 tbs. mild chile powder, such as ancho

2 tsp. ground cumin

1 tbs. worcestershire sauce

kosher salt

freshly ground black pepper

2 tbs. ketchup mixed with

1 tbs. pureed canned chipotle in adobo



heat 2 tbs. of the oil in a 10- to 12-inch skillet over medium-low heat.

cook the onion, bell peppers, and garlic, stirring frequently, until

softened and just beginning to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. transfer to a large

bowl and let cool until warm.



in a shallow dish that holds it in a single layer, soak the bread in the

milk, flipping once, until soggy but not falling apart, 5 to 10 minutes,

depending on the coarseness and freshness of the bread. lightly squeeze a

handful of bread at a time to remove some of the milk (it should be wet but

not drenched). finely chop and add to the bowl with the onion mixture.



position a rack in the center of the oven and heat the oven to 375°f.



add the bison, pork and eggs to the onion mixture. scatter the cilantro,

jalapeño, chile powder, lime zest, and cumin over the meat, and then

sprinkle with the worcestershire, 2-1/4 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper. use

your hands to gently mix all the ingredients until just combined; try not

to compact the mixture as you do this.



heat the remaining 1 tsp. of oil in a small skillet over medium-low heat.

form 1 tbs. of the meatloaf mixture into a small patty. when the oil is

hot, cook the patty on both sides until cooked through, about 5 minutes

total. transfer to a plate and let cool slightly. taste and adjust the

salt, pepper, and other seasonings as needed. repeat until you're satisfied

with the flavor.



line a 9x13-inch baking pan with parchment. transfer the meatloaf mixture

to the baking pan and form into a 10x4-inch rectangular block (it becomes

loaf-shaped as it cooks). spread the chipotle ketchup over the top and

lightly down the sides of the meatloaf to glaze it.



bake until an instant-read thermometer registers 160°f in the center of the

meatloaf, 40 to 55 minutes.

let the meatloaf rest for 10 minutes. transfer to a cutting board or

serving platter with a large spatula and cut into 3/4- to 1-inch-thick

slices.





cumin wild rice and beans



coarse salt

1/2 teaspoon ground cumin

1 cup wild rice

1 can kidney beans, rinsed drained (19 ou; nces)



. in a medium saucepan with a tight-fitting lid, bring 1 1/2 cups

salted water and cumin to a boil. add rice; cover, and reduce to a

simmer. cook 15 minutes; remove pan from heat, and add beans. cover,

and let stand 1 minute. fluff rice with a fork.



yield: serves 8





fry bread with seasonal berries and prickly pear syrup



4 cups flour

2 tablespoons baking powder

1 teaspoon salt

2 cups warm water

vegetable oil for frying

1 cup prickly pear or other fruit syrup o; r honey

seasonal berries, confectioners' su; gar



rest: 30 minutes

cook: 3 minutes per batch

makes her own prickly pear syrup, but you can buy it

online.

1. mix the flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. gradually

stir in water until dough becomes soft and pliable without sticking to

the bowl. knead the dough on a lightly floured surface, folding outer

edges of the dough toward the center, about 5 minutes. return the

dough to the bowl; cover with a clean towel. let rest at least 30

minutes.



2. shape the dough into egg-size balls. roll each out to a square with

a thickness of 1/4 inch on a lightly floured board. cut each dough

piece into four small triangles.



3. heat about 1 1/2 inches of oil in a skillet over medium heat until

the oil is hot but not smoking, about 350 degrees. carefully place 1

piece of the dough in the oil. cook, turning once, until the dough

turns golden brown on both sides and puffs, about 3 minutes. remove;

drain on paper towels. repeat frying with each piece of dough. keep

warm between two clean kitchen towels in an oven set on low.



4. drizzle some of the prickly pear syrup on each plate. top with fry

bread, scatter with berries. sprinkle with confectioners' sugar or

drizzle with more sauce.



notes: lois ellen frank



yield: 8 servings



preparation time: 15 mi





lamb-stuffed chilies with tomato puree





12 pcs firm green mild chilies*

1 tablespoon olive oil

1 pcs yellow onion, finely chopped

3/4 pound ground lamb

1 pc large ripe tomato, diced

2 cloves garlic, minced

1 pc bay leaf

1/2 cup bread crumbs

1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon or

1/2 teaspoon dried terragon

1 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon each: dried thyme, pepper

tomato sauce and topping:

1 tablespoon olive oil

6 cloves garlic, minced

1 1/4 pounds tomatoes, coarsely chopped

sour cream, optional



cook: 55 minutes



* new mexican or anaheim



1. roast the chilies, turning often, on a stove-top grill until charred

on all sides, about 15 minutes; peel. cut off stem; slice chilies

lengthwise to open like a book. remove seeds.



2. heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. cook onions,

stirring, until translucent, about 4 minutes. add the ground lamb;

cook, stirring, until browned, about 15 minutes. drain off the excess

fat. add tomatoes, garlic, bay leaf, bread crumbs, tarragon, salt,

thyme and pepper. reduce heat to simmer; simmer 15 minutes. cool.



3. meanwhile, for the tomato sauce, heat oil in a saucepan over medium-

low heat. cook garlic, stirring, 1 minute. add the tomatoes; cook,

stirring often, until the liquid evaporates and the sauce is reduced,

15 minutes. pour sauce through fine sieve. keep warm.



4. heat oven to 350 degrees. spread chilies open on a work surface. top

each with lamb mixture. close chilies around lamb. place the stuffed

chilies open-side down on an oiled baking pan. bake until hot, about

10 minutes. serve with the tomato puree. garnish with sour cream.



yield: 6 servings



preparation time: 45 mi





rez buffalo chili



3 tablespoons vegetable oil

6 pcs medium garlic cloves, minced

2 pcs medium yellow onions, medium dice

3 pcs chipotles in adobo sauce, minced

1/4 cup chili powder

3 tablespoons ground cumin

2 tablespoons sweet paprika

2 pounds ground buffalo

5 teaspoons kosher salt

3cans pinto beans, drained and rins; ed (15-ounce)

1 can crushed tomatoes (28-ounce)

1 can diced tomatoes (28-ounce)



total time: 2 hr 20 mins

1. in a dutch oven or a large, heavy-bottomed pot, heat the oil over

medium-high heat until shimmering. add the garlic and onions, season

with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook, stirring

occasionally, until the onions are soft and just starting to brown,

about 7 minutes.

2. add the chipotles, chili powder, cumin, and paprika; stir to coat

the onions; and cook until the spices are deep brown in color and

fragrant, about 1 minute.

3. add the ground buffalo and measured salt and stir, breaking the meat

into small pieces. cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is no

longer pink and is well-coated with spices, about 6 minutes.

4. add the beans and tomatoes with their juices and stir to combine.

bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, and simmer, uncovered and

stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 to 2 hours. season with salt and

freshly ground black pepper as desired.



yield: 8 to 10 serving



preparation time: 20 mi





tangy tamale balls



2 16 ounce cans tomatoes, undrained and pureed

1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/2 pound ground pork

1/2 pound ground beef

3/4 cup cornmeal

2 tablespoons all-purpose flour

1/3 cup tomato juice

2 cloves garlic, crushed

1 teaspoon salt



combine first 3 ingredients in a saucepan; bring to a boil

over medium heat.

thoroughly mix the ground pork and the remaining ingredients.

shape into 1-inch balls, and add to the sauce.

lower the heat to a low simmer. simmer for 1 hour.



yield: 4 dozen tamale





native pasta pie



7 ounce package elbow macaroni

1 pc egg

1/2 cup skim milk

1/4 teaspoon ground cumin

4 ounce can chopped green chilies, drained

4 ounce can diced pimentos, drained

15 ounce can pinto beans, heated and drained

1 cup (4 ounces) shredded monterey jack cheese

1 pc medium tomato-chopped

1 pc medium anhiem pepper

1/4 cup sliced green onions

non-stick cooking spray



prepare macaroni according to package directions:drain. in medium

bowl, blend egg,milk,and cumin; stir in hot cooked macaroni,chilies

and pimento. spray 9 inch nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking

spray heat skillet. add macaroni mixture. cover; cook over low heat

until mixture is set, about 15 minutes. loosen edge with rubber

spatula and invert onto warm platter. top with remaining ingredients.

let stand 5 minutes before serving.





reservation wild rice casserole



4 slices bacon

1/2 cup chopped onion

1/2 cup chopped green pepper

1 cup wild rice

1 lb. ground buffalo

1 clove small of garlic

13/4 cup water

8 oz can tomato sauce

1 tsp. chili powder

21/2 cup grated cheese



fry bacon until crisp and drain. add onion, green pepper to drippings

in pan and cook until tender. add rice; cook until golden. stir in

buffalo and garlic, cooking until beef is almost done. stir in water,

tomato sauce and seasonings. heat to boiling reduce heat and simmer

for 20 minutes. spoon half meat unto 2 quart casserole. sprinkle

with half of the cheese and add remaining meat. top with the rest

of the cheese and bacon. bake at 400 degrees for about 15- 20

minutes.





cowboy cassoulet



8 pcs chicken drumsticks, skin removed

8 ounces lowfat smoked sausage, sliced

2 16 oz cans barbecued baked beans

15 oz can whole kernel corn

15 oz can black beans, rinsed and drained

1 3/4 cups frozen baby lima beans, thawed

1 1/2 cups chopped onions

8 oz. can tomato sauce

1 1/2 cups broken corn tortilla chips, crushed



heat oven to 375 degrees. have a shallow 3-quart baking dish ready.

mix all of the ingredients except corn chips in baking dish. cover

and bake 1 hour. uncover, sprinkle with chips and bake, uncovered,

15 minutes longer or until the chicken is cooked through.





buffalo casserole



1 lb. ground buffalo

1 can diced tomatoes (14.5 can)

1/2 cup uncooked rice

2 tsp. worchestershire sauce

1/4 tsp. black pepper

1/2 cup chopped onion

1 pc large bell pepper, diced

1/2 cup water

1/2 salt

1 cup (4 oz.) shredded cheddar cheese



brown buffalo, drain. transfer to a 2 qt. casserole. add the next

8 ingredients.



cover and bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour or until rice is done.

rice may be partially cooked before adding if you wish. uncover

and sprinkle with cheese on top. return to oven and bake until

cheese is melted.



yield: 4-6 servings.





native stew



1 lb ground turkey

2 cans pinto beans 15-oz

1 can diced tomatoes with green chiles

2 tablespoons olive oil

1 pc medium yellow onion, chopped

2 pc minced cloves garlic

1 tsp dry thyme

1/2 tsp fresh ground black pepper

1 tsp cajun seasoned salt

1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce



in a heavy pot, saute the turkey an onions in olive oil until the

turkey is cooked throughly and the onions a translucent. add the

minced garlic to the meat/onion mixture and cook and stir for a

few more minutes. add the tomatoes and the seasonings. stir then

cover. simmer for 45 minutes to an hour, stirring ocasionally.

serve alone or over wild rice and fry bread.

posted by unknown | 2:12 pm
       |
         10 comments
 








 
		  		








