






home - travel with a challenge





























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footertravel with a challengerichly-illustrated senior travel magazine website: nature, cruising, educational, cultural and volunteer vacations.home
travelwatch newsletter
travel themes
travel article library
advertiser directory
about
travel with a challenge
discover the new world of cruise and land vacations for mature travelers, their families and friends!
amazing sustainable escapes can take you to africa, or any other country around the world. it’s all about how you choose to engage! ©tetra images/getty images
while showcasing both well-established and freshly-minted alternative travel opportunities throughout the world, this website and its web magazine promise its readers practical advice and plenty of nuts-and-bolts information to encourage active, educational, value-added vacationing suitable for men and women over 50. the one thing you won’t find is an excuse to stay home!

january – february 2025
click on title or image button to read each article in full.


volunteer travel at home and abroad
the book featured in this article will serve as a terrific broad-based voluntourism resource, laced with inspiring personal stories and lots of volunteer ideas that are suitable for the senior traveler. in the first two decades of the 21st century, we are seeing many innovative ways to meet the needs of the planet and its people as you “travel with purpose”.



world-class photojournalist and marine mammal specialist, jean-pierre sylvestre, shares his memorable encounters with whales, dolphins, walruses, seals, orcas, manatee and even a swimming polar bear in a natural environment where photography is always a challenge.


no more do wheelchair adventurers and slow walkers have to miss out on the breathtaking scenery, abundant wildlife, and colorful tribal culture of sub-saharan africa. author, gordon rattray, documents how with his guidebook that encourages people with limited mobility to tour and do safaris in six countries.
 


wales is a modest-sized bulge on the west side of great britain, often overlooked as a destination. for most international travelers, its most immediate association is probably with the title for the heir to the british throne which is a shame because there is a great deal to see and do there, offering a memorable holiday for culture lovers and outdoor enthusiasts alike.
 
 

join travel with a challenge editor, alison gardner on a classic cruise adventure, barging the picturesque canal du nivernais from clamecy to auxerre, while sampling the region’s distinctive cuisine and enjoying daily excursions to historic chateaux, medieval towns and wine tastings en route.
 
learn more about travel with a challenge
launched in 2000, travel with a challenge web magazine’s mission has always been about encouraging our readership to look beyond mainstream rest and relaxation vacations and destinations to the wider, deeper travel opportunities that await the greatest adventurers of our time … the mature travel readership, ages 45 to 80+ years. our editor shares secrets of the publication’s unique success over 24 years.

be sure to visit the magazine’s entire travel article library and the handy theme pages to browse our growing collection of richly-illustrated features. finally, our innovative travel advertiser directory is a treat not to miss. click here to view our feature link of the month.
the stories in our latest travelwatch senior travel newsletter offer fresh ideas and destinations about travel. we invite you to sign up to receive launch notification of each bi-monthly issue of this invaluable newsletter.
footerweb magazine & privacy policy
travel with a challenge web magazine features richly illustrated articles and travel news on family vacations, cultures and destinations, cruise and train travel, nature and wildlife holidays, and volunteer vacations suitable for senior travelers. 
see our privacy policy.
contact


editor:
alison@travelwithachallenge.com


advertising:
advertising@travelwithachallenge.com

connect with us

home
travelwatch newsletter
travel themes
travel article library
advertiser directory
about
© 2000–2025 travel with a challenge web magazine: webmaster@travelwithachallenge.com






