


mirror - linus pauling's heart disease video: theory and therapy 








paulingtherapy.com(mirror)




this website is about reversing "heart disease". 
reversing heart disease is not only possible, it is likely. 

heart attack and stroke are the leading killers, but not because science has failed. on the contrary, medical pioneers long ago uncovered the cause of cardiovascular disease, aka "heart disease." 

it is hardly known that linus pauling, arguably the greatest scientist of all time, invented a rapid, nontoxic cure for the condition.  fortunately, this claim was made on video and was patented.

this means that cardiology should not exist. 




an entire profession, and its arsenal of toxic drugs, are based on lies and misguided "science."  
(whether cardiologists, the products of the best training that pharmaceutical dollars can buy, know this, is debatable.) 

so, why you ask, isn't this knowledge made public? well, heart disease generates (one might say costs the economy) more than $300 billion every year. 

so far pauling's claim, is dismissed a priori by medicine without comment or critique. 
on this page are links to vast amounts of information, both scientific and anecdotal. 



this information has been swelling like a tumor since pauling first claimed the cure for heart disease on video. 
the medical profession, which could surgically excise this tumor with a study or two, has instead adopted a "head in the sand" stance, hoping the growth is benign, afraid of what the biopsy might show. medical training and most of the literature fed to the medical profession is funded by pharmaceutical interests, which explains why medicine still can not quote even one study that refutes pauling. 

read on and learn how simple it is to safely avoid becoming a statistic that feeds this corrupt "industry." - owen fonorow, naturopath 




the reasons you - and your doctor - haven't heard about pauling's theories and the cure for heart disease,  are the same reasons that film producer aaron russo made his chilling documentary  america: from freedom to fascism.    
purchase the russo freedom dvd 
 [here]



earn money by spreading the word on your web site! if you want to  join the russo dvd affiliate program, please use "ofonorow" as the referring affiliate username. thank you.

watch the movie trailers - options at this link...

watch the entire aaron russo film on google video - free!


purchase the pauling heart disease video and cardiologist tom levy, md book stop america's #1 killer

[here]


first posted: september 1994
studies run by orthodox medicine or the nih since 1994: 0 (zero)
number of lives lost: over 12 million
total monetary cost: over $3 trillion






[testimonials]

[links]

[chronic scurvy article]
 [the heart disease cure article]

[science]

[cliff notes] 


 [purchase the video]


[heart quiz]

[purchase pauling formulas]

[dosage info]

[statins versus vitamin c]

[offer: send us your lipitor®]

[owen fonorow's articles]

[page 2 - pauling therapy explained]

[faq]

[vitamin c foundation] 
call 800-894-9025 or 630-416-1438 for info 

 overview



linus pauling


the world's only 2-time unshared nobel prize winner 
....


 presents
heart disease: a unified theory  

on video!


linus pauling alerts the world to the cause of heart disease: 
a chronic vitamin c deficiency. he  was the holder of 48 honorary ph.d.s, the world's only 2-time unshared nobel prize laureate, and the founder of modern chemistry.  dr. pauling was unequivocally certain that too little vitamin c leads to elevated cholesterol levels, especially the lp(a) variant of ldl (so-called bad) cholesterol that causes plaques in blood vessels.  his unified theory of cardiovascular disease constitutes one of the greatest potential breakthroughs of modern science, yet this remarkable theory, and its intriguing claim that very low cost lp(a) binding inhibitors will prevent and even dissolve arterial blockages, has been ignored by the pharmaceutical industry, the medical profession and the media.
[full article on the unified theory]


the daily pauling therapy 

a 'natural cure' for heart disease as described by linus pauling on video (1 g = 1000 mg)
lp(a) binding inhibitors



natural agent  

vitamin c (as ascorbic acid) 6g to 18g take with or before meals, i.e., 2 to 3 times daily


natural agent   

lysine 3g to 6g 


matthias rath also recommends...


natural agent  

proline (.5g-2g)


owen fonorow recomendation


add natural agent  

coq10 (150mg-300mg) 




executive summary and introduction to contents
....



 atherosclerotic plaques deposit in response to injury
 mechanical stress causes heart disease in vitamin-c-starved tissues
 in 1989 it was discovered that lp(a) binds to form plaque, not ldl
 ordinary cholesterol cannot and does not cause heart disease
 ten-year experience shows pauling therapy is effective, and safe as long as vitamin c is increased.
 pauling's therapy is so safe, and the medical condition so grave, there is no plausible reason for any physician resisting it, especially in otherwise hopeless cases
 vitamin c lowers (ldl) cholesterol more than statin drugs
 artifical statin drugs increase lp(a) and lower coq10 causing myopathies
 nearly 60 million americans are diagnosed with cardiovascular disease
 retinal photos confirm chronic scurvy, reversals and pauling/rath theory
 pharmacology experts cite numerous errors in vitamin c rda research
 bizzaro world: no published clinical studies!?






highlights
....



chronic scurvy

the 50-year suppression of the real nature, cause and outright cure for heart disease ...
 - vitamin c foundation co-founder, 2005



testimonial sep 2004

heart technology (high dosage vitamin c/lysine/proline) is working well for my mother and i don't want her to run out.  her cholesterol was over 500 a month ago, severe blockage and has had by-pass surgery and carotid surgery twice.  she went in for her checkup the end of last week and her cholesterol is now down to 183 and the rest of the tests were normal.  they even cut the dosages on some of her medicines.  she will be going back in a month to follow-up and see if the numbers stay there.  i don't know if the product did all of that in a month but it didn't hurt either.  she has been cooking and cleaning again for the last two weeks which she hasn't been able to do in over a year.  so you can see why i don't want it to run out. 
- gary meyers, leslie, missouri 63056




more testimonials...





breakthrough: retinal photos confirm vitamin c pills can reverse artery disease...


the new definition of scurvy...



"serendipitously, ...
it was noticed that those patients taking supplemental vitamin c were showing reductions of retinal arterial cholesterol, typically seen at stressed points e.g. bifurcations. 

"cardioretinometry appears to confirm the original work by paterson (1939/40) and later, willis & fishman (1955)(2-8)  all naming low vitamin c as being associated with death from coronary heart disease (chd). pauling/rath theory (lipoprotein alpha is a surrogate for vitamin c) appears also to be well confirmed (9-14) "
- syndey j. bush, ph.d., dopt

cardioretinometry: a new diagnostic for cardiovascular disease ...







call 1-800-894-9025 (630-416-1438) for more info








few people know...


a) a nobel prize winning chemist made the following health claim in 1992:

 



"heart disease can be successfully treated, without surgery or prescription medications, leading to its quick reversal."
[the heart cure article]

b) pauling's high vitamin c/lysine therapy works quickly and safely.
  
 
c)  
in fact, there is a 10-year
history of reversals in those 
	following pauling's advice given on his

unified theory video.

d)  every heart patient should be informed, however,  this "too fantastic" news 
	has never been published in a medical journal, major news outlet or daily newspaper.
	
 e) see and hear dr. pauling explain the unified theory 
	on video. 
	
	[purchase the video]



"i think i know what the answer is... we can get almost complete control of 
      cardiovascular disease, heart attacks and strokes by the proper use of 
      this therapy... even cure it." - linus pauling







quote from the last linus pauling interview 
published in the august 1994 british journal of optimum 
      nutrition 









the 
            linus pauling 
            therapy, video and theory 













testimonials [*]



faq[*]

buy video[*]
offer: send in
      your lipitor ®[*]



take the
heart quiz[*]

dosages[*]



 
good formula [*]



science review [*]



cliff notes[*]



bolen report [*]

join internet vitamin c study
[*]




 physician list[*]



guestbook[*]

owen's articles [*]








           click on the [*] to traverse links 





 

 








 
heart disease: the unified theory and linus pauling 
		invention and treatment 




 the pauling powder as i like to
refer to it continues to amaze me. as an 18 year veteran of bypass surgery i confound my
doctor with my health.
no chest pains whatsoever when using the powder
regularly! - ralph schrank, wisconsin
[ralph's previous testimony]



 "this treatment, at the correct high therapeutic dosage, produces palpable, large beneficial effects. with the new 

lifestream home cholesterol monitor, people can now monitor this effect on their cholesterol. a strong effect which occurs in short days."
 - owen r. 
fonorow and m. s. till, sr.
sun jan  2 10:04:13 est 2005




fact:
the leading cause of death in the united states, the condition
that modern medicine calls heart disease, or occlusive
cardiovascular disease, is a chronic form of scurvy.


chronic scurvy: heart disease is a misnomer, the underlying
disease process reduces the supply  of blood to the heart and
other organs leading to angina ("heart cramp"), heart attack
and stroke. the disease process is characterized by scab-like
build-ups that grow on the walls of blood vessels. the correct
terminology for this disease process is chronic scurvy, a
slower form of the classic vitamin c deficiency disease.

vitamin c deficiency has been linked to occlusive cardiovascular disease (cvd), aka 
heart disease, 
for more than fifty years.
[1]


fact:
the first fact was confirmed by the world's leading scientist,
linus pauling.



twice-nobel-prize winner linus pauling and his 
associate matthias rath, md, 
published their still unchallenged theory 
on the origins of heart disease in 1989.
[2]
(an important theory few cardiologist are even aware of.) 
 

fact:
pauling did make the claim that high doses of specific nutritional 
substances he called lp(a) 
binding inhibitors prevent and even reverse
the atherosclerotic plaques of cardiovascular/heart disease. 
[3]

pauling made this claim after experimental 
science (even experimental proof) verified his theory. 

if your cardiologist, or  anyone else, were to challenge fact
one, they must be able to cite scientific experiments designed
to test (refute) the pauling/willis chronic scurvy hypothesis.

disconfirming experiments have never been published
as documented by pharmacology professors steve hickey and
hilary roberts in their recent book
ascorbate: the science of vitamin c (2004). 


science works. heed linus pauling's words:




"if you are at risk of heart disease, or if there is a history 
      of heart disease in your family, if your father or other members of the 
      family died of a heart attack or stroke, or if you have a mild heart 
      attack yourself, then you had better be taking vitamin c and lysine." 
      

[linus pauling, from 1994 interview in british journal of optimum nutrition] 



 
fact:
pauling and rath have 
been awarded three united states of america patents for reversing heart disease.

[4]

[5]




their invention does not require a doctor's prescription. 
the lp(a) binding inhibitors (e.g., vitamin c,  and the amino acids lysine and proline)
are substances normally found in food and required for life.
these orthomolecular substances are nontoxic, even at the high daily doses required
to reverse cardiovascular/heart disease.
(frequently asked questions)

 
 
fact: 

a new diagnostic technique 
cardioretinometry
can be run by any eye doctor and easily confirms fact one.


also...

according to the american heart association, of 880 substances tested by harvard researchers, only one - 
vitamin c - stimulated stem cells to change into new heart muscle cells. (vitamin c transforms mouse stem cells into heart muscle cells)

 
case report: bad ekg 'now normal' on pauling therapy.

 
case report: high vitamin-c lowers (ldl) cholesterol more than statin drugs.

the story of the science and cure, as told by pauling 
himself, is on 
video.


 


"knowing that lysyl residues are what causes lipoprotein(a) to get 
      stuck to the wall of the artery and form atherosclerotic plaques, any 
      physical chemist would say at once that the thing to do is prevent that by 
      putting the amino acid lysine in the blood to a greater extent than it is 
      normally. you need lysine to be alive, it is essential: you have to get 
      about 1 gram a day to keep in protein balance, but you can take lysine, 
      pure lysine, a perfectly non toxic substance in food , as pills, which 
      puts extra lysine molecules in the blood. they enter into competition with 
      the lysyl residues on the wall of arteries and accordingly count to 
      prevent lp(a) from being deposited, or even will work to pull it loose and 
      destroy atherosclerotic plaques." [linus pauling, jon, aug 1994]


attention cardiologists!

pauling did, in fact, use the word "cure" in regard to
vitamin c and lysine in 1994. we 
believe that he meant, per his video lecture, that with
the proper dose, timing and duration:




end-stage cvd patients report the 
        cessation of their angina pain, return of normal skin color, lower blood pressure, more 
        blood flow, disappearances of blockages, drop in heart rates, 
normalization of lipid 
        profiles, increase in both energy and the sense of well being. 

        patients who had failed now pass treadmill stress tests without surgery 
        or any other medical intervention. patients hardly able to walk before 
        the pauling therapy report that within months of starting the therapy
they were able to dig fence post 
        holes and cut down trees. medical doctors often tell these patients 
that the reason for the improvement is that
 new blood vessels have 
        "grown" which increased blood flow to the coronary 
        arteries feeding the heart. over time, patients become physically fit,
        feel well and no longer consider themselves heart patients. read
[the heart cure article] and
  [case reports] 






from the beginning, the pauling therapy began curing
the incurable. miracle after miracle. yet not a single
media outlet would print even a single story.
we continue to receive amazing reports.
proper dosage and duration is apparently the key to a fast acting, and long-term successful cure. at the recommended 
therapeutic dosage, the oral pauling therapy works for many people to 
relieve pain in days. 

***why the pauling therapy, technically, is not a "cure"...

over time, lower maintenance doses must then be continued for life.



"although physicians, as part 
        of their training, are taught that the dosage of a drug that is 
        prescribed for the patient must be very carefully determined and 
        controlled, they seem to have difficulty in remembering that the same 
        principle applies to the vitamins." 




linus pauling how to live longer and feel better, 
        pg 142 paperback. 
  

 heart patients on the pauling therapy consistently report amazing results.

vitamin c and heart disease: owen's radio interview... (may 2003, realplayer) and


the cure for heart disease article (2004) and
  my life in the twilight zone article.






 

 recent science... 




high vitamin c intake reduces the risk of heart disease



antioxidant vitamins and coronary heart disease risk: a pooled analysis of 9 cohorts...


conclusions: the results suggest a reduced incidence of major chd events at high supplemental vitamin c intakes. the risk reductions at high vitamin e or carotenoid intakes appear small.  

"this pooled study shows health benefits at >700 mg vitamin c from supplements compared to no supplementation. this absolutely disproves the rda and the false idea that there is a 200 mg daily limit on health benefits!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" - b sardi 





oct 2003 uk study: antioxidant vitamins and mortality in older persons

"findings: strong inverse relationship for blood ascorbate (vitamin-c) concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality, which were only marginally reduced after adjustment for confounders or supplement use. those in the lowest fifth (< 17 micromol/l) had the highest mortality, whereas those in the highest fifth (> 66 micromol/l) had a mortality risk nearly half that 
(hazard ratio = 0.54; 95% ci: 0.34, 0.84). similar results were found after the exclusion of those subjects with cardiovascular disease or cancer at baseline (hazard ratio = 0.51; 0.28, 0.93). in fully adjusted models, there was no evidence for an influence of alpha-tocopherol (vitamin-e), beta-carotene, or retinol (vitamin-a) on total mortality. dietary antioxidants measured by the food-frequency questionnaire were not associated with all-cause or cardiovascular disease mortality"

linus pauling is smiling


15-year harvard study of 85,000 finds single vitamin c pill reduces heart disease almost 30%.

interestingly, dietary intake of vitamin c seemed to have little effect on coronary heart disease risk. but if women used vitamin c supplements, their risk was reduced by 27 percent. 

according to the numbers in [this story] a single 360 mg vitamin c pill daily would save more than 300,000 lives per year.

 
jama study: 
 jama jan 23/30 2002 randomized, double-blind controlled trial in humans found statistically significant 60-second treadmill exercise improvements in 5000 mg vitamin c groups
[chelation therapy for ischemic heart disease: a randomized controlled trial, knudtson, et. al. jama, jan 23/30, 2002 - vol 287, no 4. pp 481-486]



over 100 medline abstracts that relate antioxidant intake to heart disease...

first long-term study in humans from united kingdom?


soon to be published... 800% to 1500% reduction in plaque growth


why haven't you heard about pauling's claims?

if this has not been suppressed, why haven't you heard?
perhaps linus pauling was wrong? why would the media
resist reporting what pauling merely said? instead,
the silence  is deafening. millions of people are
dying needlessly if pauling and rath are right. the crime
is that we don't know!
pauling and rath did their part, the
rest is up to medical science.  but medical science is
apparently under the thumb of the drug industry. even the
u. s. national institutes of health has turned down
studies of the pauling therapy!    stay tuned, purchase
kevin trudeau's 
natural cures 'they' don't want you to know about to
find out who 'they' are.
please consider reading 

bolenreport.com every day. the bolen report is
a bypass of the corrupt drug-industry 
controlled media. reading it will allow you to
monitor the real fight for health freedom.
- owen fonorow



 


 


 


 




 







go to page 2pauling therapy explained


 






jama article: 
      why patients use alternative medicine? surprise! because it works... 
      (may 20, 1998) 
  






"the most startling fact about 2002 is that the combined profits for the ten 
drug companies in the fortune 500 ($35.9 billion) were more than the profits for all the other 490 businesses put together ($33.7 billion).[12] when i say this is
a profitable industry, i mean really profitable. it is difficult to conceive of
how awash in money big pharma is." 
-marcia angell, a former editor of the new england journal of medicine


the truth about the drug companies... 



"if the claims for vitamin c are correct, it might replace many lucrative and
 expensive medications. as they researched their book ascorbate, hickey 
and roberts began to wonder if pauling's offense had been to discuss openly the properties of a substance that threatens the profitability of medicine. " 







when it is said that this claim hasn't been proven in 
      humans, the obvious question is, "why hasn't it been tested? ": 
      
the pauling/rath theory
agrees with the latest scientific findings about cholesterol and lp(a), 
it was devised by a nobel prize winner, yet ignored. 

the vitamin c and lysine therapy is non toxic, 
the only proper advice is to recommend this therapy to heart patients,
in case it does work,
unless and until it has been proven not to.

any other course of action risks serious
illness, injury and death.



in 2005, more than ten years after we first posted paulingtherapy.com,
the therapy has worked in dramatic fashion in well over 90% of the
thousands of people lucky enough to find out about it.  the u.s national
institutes of health have turned down 2 study proposals (grant requests)
and modern medicine has not published a single independent study.
they have been informed, but have no interest in a theory
and protocol that might irradicate heart disease from planet earth. - owen fonorow








read testimonials
 

about this page this page was written 
the theory has never
      been independently tested.  so no one knows for sure whether
      pauling's protocol does or doesn't work in 
      humans. 
and is maintained by owen r. fonorow and m. s. till, sr., (c) copyright 1995. 
these pages bear the fruit of medical science. we 
share our understanding of a new non-prescription treatment for heart disease. 
this discovery is based on at least 2 nobel prizes in medicine and on the 
efforts of countless medical researchers. 
the theory and conclusions are the final contribution of a true scientific 
giant. 
that you have not heard about this discovery in the mainstream media is 
deeply disturbing. it speaks volumes that powerful interests can somehow 
suppress vital information detrimental to their financial interests. there is 
hope. the efficacy of pauling's therapy has become obvious and this knowledge is 
spreading rapidly. if you suffer heart disease, you should be grateful for the 
internet. if the pauling therapy can work for you, you should know within days. 

to our knowledge, all statements are factual and accurate. please report any 
errors to mailto:ticket@houston.rr.com. we offer a 
$100 reward to first person that finds a material factual error on this page. 
note, minor spelling and grammatical errors are not considered material errors 
for purposes of this reward. the authors are the sole judge as to whether 
any reported errors are "material" to the subject matter. 
this material may be freely copied and distributed under the following 
conditions: a) the material is not changed or edited, b) entire pages are kept 
intact, and c) you include this copyright notice. 
the linus pauling estate and linus pauling institute of science and 
medicine are in no way connected with this page, nor do they benefit from the 
sale of any nutritional product mentioned on these pages. 
the linus pauling quotes not found on the video were taken from the last 
pauling interview published in the british journal optimum nutrition, vol 7 no. 
3, winter 1994, patrick holford, editor. copies of this interview are available 
upon request. the institute of optimum nutrition is the copyright owner of the 
linus pauling video on heart disease. 

<!---
<address>intelisoft multimedia, inc. linus pauling heart disease video 
distributors a tower orthomolecular laboratories heart technology (tm) 
authorized distributor 
intelisoft multimedia, inc.
post office box 3097
lisle, illinois 60532-3097
(630) 416-1438  fax: (630) 416-1309  
mailto:ticket@houston.rr.com
mailto:fonorow@foxvalley.net
note the new area code:  630

 restarted
wed dec  3 13:53:00 cst 2003



