ï»¿




constant velocity of ocala inc










constant velocity of ocala inc.
cv driveshafts - cv axles





constant velocity of ocala inc.

	 

contact 
cvo inc.

	when contacting cvo you may experience delays in answering telephone calls.
	we apologize for this delay but we have a company that has published our 800 
	number as theirs
	we get dozens of call a day from their clients which has led to numbers 
	showing up as spam calls.
	if this happens to you we apologize for the inconvenience.  please 
	leave a message with name and number and we will 
	return your call
 
about cvo  
	images of cvo designs

site map

	 


click here for 
	industrial, marine shafts       -    bush 
	hog axle repair new 
	(bush hog)  
	-   
	

click here
for some of 
	the many possible applications for cv shafts 
constant velocity of ocala inc. is developing and 
	manufacturing 

cv shafts for use in 
	all aspects of driveline use.  from automation to higher productivity, from 
	reduced energy consumption to reduced down time cvo inc. is developing cv 
	shafts for companies who are moving ahead in the era of green efficient 
	manufacturing.  cvo inc. can refit many existing non-efficient shafting 
	solutions to cv shafts that will reduce bearing wear on the drive and driven 
	ends and reduce power loss due to the shafting.  cvo inc. designs and 
	manufactures shafts for military applications.   cvo inc. makes stationary 
	cv shafts and couplings for paper, wood, metal, tube, and saw mills, 
	and many other manufacturing requirements.  in rolling stock cvo inc. 
	designs and produces prototypes and production cv axles for hybrid electric 
	and electric vehicles as well as pto 
	shafts.             click here for information on how cv's work 
	cv vs cardan/u-joint.


ntn industrial cv joints 
		


extreme 
			duty industrial shafts ideal for milling applications




design of cv shafts 


pumps - water, pto, injection, textile


mills - wood, steel, paper, textile


coupling - robotics




cvo inc. makes replacement cv shafts for discontinued and 
obsolete parts westward industries


cv joints for vehicles and more                                                                                  
		


improve performance switching from u-joints to cv 
		joints


remove induced harmonics induced by u-joints




specialty cv joints - small diameter special 
	use cv joints 25mm - 1 inch od  


design, prototyping, production, service and repair


3d manufacturing of some cv boots and seals


polymer cv joints for special applications


maintenance of convel, rmz, lobro cv shafts


 
new product or projects


new design auxiliary cooling shaft for 
		mci motor 
		coach


sealed joints offer smoother operation.  one 
			grease point instead of three.  shop serviceable parts.  
			direct replacement. longer life expectancy than the u-joint shaft 
			that fails due to high operating angles.




designed a repair for the mv-1 to reduce the failure 
		at the center support bearing.


designed a replacement shaft for the polaris 
		driveshaft that has early u-joint failure 


cvo inc. established october 1992   
	-celebrating the first 32 years. -

this website is owned by cvo inc. 
		and is copy written by cvo inc. 2024

		if you're bored here is some photography from my journeys














power transmission shaft, tube mill shaft, constant velocity, mechanical drive, cv 
joint, cv axle, saw mill, paper mill, gkn lobro, ntn, convel, custom shaft 
design, repair industrial cv shafts, industrial cv, custom cv shaft, cv design, 
hybrid electric vehicle shaft, prototype cv shaft, production cv shaft,  
atv shaft, utv shaft, auto cv shaft , military cv shaft, general dynamics, 
kimberly clark, motion industries, magna, colfax, cv couplings, small diameter 
cv joints, aluminum mill, radiator tube mill, brass mill, mechanical shafting,  
food processing, canning machinery, cv driveshafts, cv drive shaft


rmz,  cv driveshaft.  ntn distributor, atv 
axles, four wheeler axles,  driveaxle, drive axle, cv shaft, cv joints, 
repair cv shaft, propshaft, prop shaft, constant velocity of ocala inc. cv 
driveshafts for mechanical power transmission, pto shafts,  grain auger pto 
shafts, field pump shafts, 
ntn industrial cv joints,  gkn cv joints, atv, utv, lobro, , food 
processing equipment, power  transmission design, krones labeler shaft,  
veteran owned business, mci motor coach, polaris driveshaft vibration,  
stealth atv utv axles bush hog 50041476, 50042936,50047901,50047902,50047903, 
4400, 4430,th420 trail hunter, th440 tail hunter



