

























home | national museum of american history















skip to main content









smithsonian



donate



explore topics



african american history


invention and innovation











national museum of american history




visit


explore


collections


education


events


support


about


search

















 





welcome to american history
the museum's world class collections help tell the complex history of our nation. we are located on the national mall in washington, d.c.

open today 10:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m.
plan your visit
















                    explore food history
                  



from the impact of new technologies to the influence of social and cultural changes, food: transforming the american table explores the transformation of food and drink in post-world war ii america. julia child’s home kitchen—with its hundreds of tools, appliances, and furnishings—begins an experience of artifacts, documents, videos, and stories about sweeping changes from 1945 into the new century.

visit the food exhibition













stories



“chocolate is a fighting food!”: chocolate bars in the second world war
                        article
                      

grape gluts and mother clones: prohibition and american wine
                        article
                      

postwar potluck: grilling out, convenience cooking, and other 1950s food trends
                        article
                      



view more stories



objects from the collections








 









                    concepción “concha” sanchez's apron
                  




    when her family's grocery store faltered in the great depression, concha supported her loved ones by creating a tortilleria. she wore this cotton apron while making tortillas in her small neighborhood business. 









 









                    charlie papazian's spoon
                  




    from the 1970s onward, generations of homebrewers looked to charlie papazian for guidance as they worked to invent flavorful beers at home. he used this wooden spoon in his teaching demonstrations. 









 









                    anne l. bernat's casserole dish
                  




     in 1967, anne l. bernat received a set of corningware® dishes as a wedding present. decades later, she still used pieces from the set to heat, serve, and store casseroles and other foods.






browse all collections











as the nation’s history museum, we empower people to create a just and compassionate future by exploring, preserving, and sharing the complexity of our past.


about our mission











featured events



 game changers: invention, sports & style
saturday, february 15, 2025




 smithsonian jazz masterworks orchestra claude thornhill and the subtle side of jazz
saturday, february 15, 2025




 [registration full] day of remembrance: the ireichō - book of names
thursday, february 20, 2025




 wegman's wonderplace (ages 6 and under)




 draper spark!lab (ages 6-12)




view all events












dive into exhibitions












                    the american presidency
                  


          a glorious burden
        


        more than 900 objects, including national treasures from the smithsonian’s vast presidential collections, bring to life the role of the presidency in american culture.

              



on view
3 center


online















                    american enterprise
                  



        american enterprise chronicles the tumultuous interaction of capitalism and democracy that resulted in the continual remaking of american business—and american life.

              



on view
1 west


online















                    american democracy
                  


          a great leap of faith
        


        american democracy: a great leap of faith explores the history of citizen participation, debate, and compromise from the nation’s formation to today. 

              



on view
2 west


online







explore all exhibitions













meet food innovators





 





grace young









 





lena richard









 





sean sherman









 





julia child









 





charlotte cramer sachs









 





warren winiarski









 





silvana salcido esparza









 





ilhan new















donate today and make history
help us to preserve, protect, and display america's historic treasures.
donate today



 











museum topics





 





      food history
  









 





      women's history
  









 





      science and mathematics
  









 





      american culture
  







explore more topics


















  national museum of american history





facebook


instagram


youtube







hours & admission
open every day, except december 25, from 10:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
admission is free and no tickets are required.


location & contact
1300 constitution ave nw,
washington, dc 20560
contact information







our mission is to empower people to create a just and compassionate future by exploring, preserving, and sharing the complexity of our past.


sign up for our newsletterdonate




email powered by mailchimp
(privacy policy & terms of use)







press center
shop museum store
smithsonian institution
privacy
terms of use







back to top



