







asg investigations - your trusted private investigation team




















































skip to content 





 

888-677-9700talk to an investigator
 





menu 




homeaboutprivate client servicesattorney servicescorporate clientsbackground checkscontact 











discretion expertise results
private investigation services

confidentiality guaranteed













fact based investigations
we find info that others can’t









we’re ready to help
discreet and professional investigative services






contact us





our services



private investigations services
when personal matters affecting one’s family, safety or marriage arise, asg is a trusted source to discreetly provide the information you need to make important decisions.



investigations for attorneys
complex legal matters often require expert investigative resources. asg has over 20 years of experience working for counsel engaged in complex legal matters requiring true expertise.



corporate investigations
expert professional investigations that help hr, corporate counsel, risk management, and corporate security with proactive and reactive corporate investigations.



background checks
asg is a leader in background checks for employment, due diligence, risk management and private decision making. we provide exceptional depth or research and detail.






what makes usdifferent
what sets asg investigations aside from competition? we are your trusted private investigative partner in providing exceptionally comprehensive information and evidence gathering. bucking the trend of having investigations as just one of many other services offered, we are experts at one thing, being the gold standard in information gathering. our clients can rest easy knowing that they have entrusted their matter to a firm that will deliver results beyond their expectations, represent them in a professional manner and do so discreetly and confidentially.









over 28 years of experience providing accurate and meaningful results



contact us










a trustworthyinvestigation firm
asg investigations is your trusted private investigative partner in providing exceptionally comprehensive information and evidence gathering. bucking the trend of having investigations as just one of many other services offered, we are experts at one thing, being the gold standard in information gathering. our clients can rest easy knowing that they have entrusted their matter to a firm that will deliver results beyond their expectations, represent them in a professional manner and do so discreetly and confidentially.
in short, we are a bridge between what is readily known and what needs to be uncovered to make the most informed decisions, every time. as a true industry leader, we have earned a reputation for consistently delivering the intelligence that sophisticated clients require to make better decisions.



each of our specialized divisions of our investigative agency is designed and staffed to serve the specific, unique needs of each sector of our substantial and diversified client base, which includes law firms, corporations, business owners, investment firms and private individuals. what they all share is our optimized system of investigations, which produces superior results more consistently and more quickly.





we are a true private investigation agency
at its core, asg is a corporate investigative services agency. our corporate services team not only has tremendous experience assisting corporate clients to mitigate their risks and damages when things go wrong, we are a pioneer in providing new and unique services that help reduce costs and better serve a wider variety of stakeholders. our corporate clients, ranging from hr to corporate counsel to security and risk management have a go-to resource who not only gets the job done, but who also works in a manner that assures everyone that the job will be done correctly and without creating any new issues or concerns.












legal services – supporting litigationfor lawyers and attorneys
the attorney services group at asg works strictly for attorneys and represented clients. this unit is experienced in a wide variety of investigative litigation support roles. our clients in the legal field benefit over and over from our almost unrivaled ability to get the information and evidence that can make the difference.






helping families and individuals in distress
our private client services division focuses on cases for private individuals and families. these services often help to bring forth the truth in matters that are very personal and painful to the client, and which need to be handled with the discreetness and privacy that asg is known for. when you need the truth and want to end the fear and anxiety of the unknown, call us.
we hope that you can take advantage of the value our services provide and see why we have earned our reputation as one of america’s leading private investigative agencies. we look forward to exceeding your expectations time and time again.







why you should choose asg investigations


our agency has been trusted by clients for over 30 years.
we specialize in:






providing evidence for legal cases







discretion in all private investigations







supplying peace of mind in difficult situations







offering unparalleled experience in a range of cases












affiliations






















private investigation news & alerts
the power and ethics of surveillance for workplace misconduct
building a positive work environment is essential for any organization's success and reputation, yet workplace misconduct can disrupt this goal. from minor infractions to serious offenses,...read more ❯asset searches in divorce settlements
divorce can get pretty complicated, especially when it comes to splitting up assets. sometimes, people might even try to hide their assets to sway the divorce settlement in their favor. that's where...read more ❯the strategic role of merger due diligence
in the complex world of corporate mergers and acquisitions, the significance of thorough merger due diligence cannot be overstated. as companies explore the specific types of benefits and risks of...read more ❯


what clients are saying



i reached out to asg to look for a long-lost family member and spoke to dan when i called. within a couple of hours, he had information about the person i was searching for. while the search did not end up the way i had hoped (through no fault of dan’s) i was blown away by his kindness, willingness to help, and quick turnaround time. i looked at a ton of companies prior to choosing asg and was very skeptical of what this process would entail as well as nervous about scams. i could not be happier with their service and would highly recommend asg.
   ~ jessica scott



dan klimek and his team are impeccable, and i highly recommend them. whether it be assisting in civil or criminal matters, he and his team are experienced and fully capable in tending to your every need.
   ~ goran antovski, attorney


 











asg investigations42815 garfield road, suite 208clinton township, mi 48038
888-677-9700


explore
about
services
news
team
videos
contact us


services
private client services
attorney services
corporate services
background check


facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
the contents of this website are copyright 2025 sherlock investigations.
all rights reserved. privacy policy | site map





 

home
about
private client services
attorney services
corporate clients
background checks
contact
 







 close















