




  






home - corning area chamber of commerce, ny




















 










































corning gift cards






















































member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   


















corning gift cards






















































member login









contact us















the chamber

about us
our team
our partners
chamber foundation
chamber blog



member center

member benefits
membership application
member discounts and deals
job postings
business resources
member directory



events & programs

events calendar
annual awards
annual spring event
golf tournament
own it! women's conference
business after hours
educational series
government affairs
leadership steuben
corning area young professionals
shop corning



relocate to corning

digital relocation packet
area tours



































                                                    shop corning
                                                

                                                    there's a new e-commerce platform where you can directly support chamber members. start shopping local today!
                                                

learn more

























thanks for visiting the corning area chamber of commerce!
the corning area chamber of commerce serves and advances regional business interests in support of a vibrant community.  we provide our members with individualized opportunities to grow through network development, marketing, education, and advocacy.












directory







contact







join




























mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events »












































explore

















connect with our members



whether it's networking, an educational program, ribbon cutting, or webinar, our members are most successful when they're able to connect with the greater community. 
read more »














live, work, play



our members offer more opportunities every day to live, work, and play. take a journey through our community with this video series from the corning area chamber of commerce.
watch now »















discover local organizations





the secrets in service podcast features member nonprofit organizations from all across the southern finger lakes.  listen to their leaders share stories about the inspirational work they do.

learn more »





































newsletter sign-up




stay updated on recent events, news, happenings and business.































































































involved, engaged, and connected since 1914.








































 corning area chamber of commerce

  11 west market street, corning, ny 14830

  607. 936.4686

  info@corningny.com













































© copyright 2025 corning area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.
















 


