


the young people's professor
























the young people's professor
scattered thoughts on blackness.








7/19/2022 

the year in pictures: 2006 ballroom national tour




 the best of 2006
over the course of the past year,  i’ve attended just about every ball in chicago, atlanta, los angeles, philadelphia, washington, d.c. and detroit. thankful for all my wins and moments!     i still haven’t decided whether or not i am taking a break from  ballroom in 2007 to completely immerse myself in my doctoral research, however, i do know that i’ll at least be at atlanta's mlk escada ball in january. after that, i’ll make my decision. until then, enjoy the best and brightest photographs from 2006 (click on each link)….
  peace and love, frank mizrahi  january 1. house of icon ball, brooklyn, new york 2. jack mizrahi's superball sunday 9 february  3. dorian corey awards ball, philadelphia, pennsylvania 4. nostalgia ball, washington, d.c. 5. midwest awards ball, chicago, illinois 6. jack mizrahi's superball sunday x, times square,  new york march 7. d.c. capital awards ball, washington, d.c. link: the young people's professor: march 2006 (brooklynboyblues.blogspot.com) april  8. people of color in crisis (p.o.c.c.) ball, chelsea,  new york full link (must scroll): the young people's professor: april 2006 (brooklynboyblues.blogspot.com) 9. jasmine couture's collections ball, harlem, new york may 10. stasha & tempress mugler's mother's day ball, atlanta,  georgia 11. new  york city awards ball , harlem, new york 12. house of khan ball, washington, d.c. 13. superball sunday 12  june 14. summer celebration ball, brooklyn,  new york 15. the frozen ball, chicago, illinois july 16. the clairvoyance ball, chicago, illinois 17. house of escada ball, detroit, michigan august 18. the latex ball, new york city 19. battle ball i, new   york city september  20. the icons ball, atlanta, georgia 21. battle ball ii, new   york city 22. rags to riches ball, chicago, illinoisoctober
   23. house of evisu ball, harlem, new york    24. battle ball oct.,  times  square, new york  november25. rj balenciaga's inauguration ball, washington, d.c. 
december   26. battle ball finals, new york city
27. house of escada ball, chicago, illinois    

posted by the young people's professor  at 5:30:00 am 

 | permalink | 

comments  




2/04/2012 

home for the holidays!



i'm back at home in bayonne, new jersey with my family. i have to be honest, there have been moments this semester when i've questioned my decision earlier this year to remain in new york rather than moving  to chicago to attend northwestern university or oakland to attend uc-berkeley, but each and everytime i am in the presence of my family, i realize that i made the best decision. family is everything to me, and i'm incredibly blessed to still be living among four generations of 'roberts'. i wouldnt change it for the world.















posted by the young people's professor  at 6:46:00 pm 

 | permalink | 

comments  




4/06/2010 

a final goodbye













glenn ligon, "warm bright glow" (2005) 

dear readers:

every so often, something beautiful in our lives passes on. we find sadness in this because we can no longer see it, feel it, or be near it. however we can smile at the fact that these things live on in our memory and in our spirit. thank you traveling with me through this five year blog journey called “brooklynboyblues.” today that journey officially comes to a close. 

when i began writing in 2005, i was a wide-eyed 21 year old with three dangerous possessions at my disposal: 1) a camera 2) an appetite for underground culture and 3) a watered-down scholarly opinion on just about everything.

much has changed since then, and i barely recognize that naïve young man from a few years ago. 

so as you look back on the contents of this blog, be gentle. hold on to my words like a souvenir and smile upon them as if looking back upon an old photo album. let these scattered posts linger in your mind like a rumor, or like your first kiss. 

and if you see me walking the streets of new york city, go ahead an pull-me to the side. we’re family.

much love,
flr

the email address frankleonroberts@gmail.com remains active, and i will
respond to your emails. i also will continue to engage inquiries about
television, radio, and lecture appearances.

posted by the young people's professor  at 8:24:00 pm 

 | permalink | 

comments  




1/31/2010 

proletariat musicalities: "introducing" blue scholars




i’ve recently acquainted myself with the music of a dope, seattle-based, underground hip hop duo named “blue scholars.” the duo consists of the vocals of geologic (the son of filipino immigrants, raised in hawai and seattle) and the turntables of sabzi (an iranian american jazz-trained pianist).

i like to think of blue scholars' rhymes as providing a sort of lyrical ethnography of youth of color and working class spaces in seattle. and of course the group’s name is a careful play on words of the proletariat phrase “blue collar.”

the two band's men describe their sounds as a musical amalgamation of “marxist theory mixed with baha’i spirituality.”they refer to themselves as off-shoots of “thelonius monk and aphex twin to marvin gaye and j dilla.”

among my favorite tracks in the blue scholars discography include 50k deep, joe metro, and the delicious coffee and snow (which is my fav). 

now of course, all of these tracks are best experienced post-philly blunt. 






posted by the young people's professor  at 6:44:00 am 

 | permalink | 

comments  




 

coffee and snow


i think of this song as an appropriate soundtrack for a cold, new york winter by a hip-hop group you've probably never heard of (but really, really should). 




posted by the young people's professor  at 5:43:00 am 

 | permalink | 

comments  




1/08/2010 

"yo tengo todo papi"


shout-out to my fellow nyu scholar-homegirl marisol lebron for putting me on to the refreshing work of new york based dominican artist maluca. marisol righty describes the artist as a "dominicana m.i.a." i particularly enjoy the intersections of blackness and latinidad indexed visually in this video.

reminds me of my days in new york living on the corner of 142nd street and broadway. 






posted by the young people's professor  at 9:15:00 pm 

 | permalink | 

comments  




11/12/2009 

loose change


loo$e change from mykwain gainey on vimeo.

for anyone who rides the subways of new york city on a daily basis this short-film will put a tremendous smile on your face. i've always wondered why the little boys on the a/f train never have anything left but "starbusts and m & m peanut." 

directed by mykwain gainey (an nyu and morehouse college alum), the film reminds me exactly why i love my young, urban new york city based black filmmakers.

posted by the young people's professor  at 6:22:00 pm 

 | permalink | 

comments  




10/20/2009 

the final word on morehouse college.





rethinking the culture wars at morehouse college

by frank roberts 

written for the washington post/ theroot.com

 


the conversation regarding the new dress-code policy at morehouse college has been hijacked by a vociferous gang of socially conservative black pundits: some of them simply politically misguided, others merely proud homophobes; a few of them the ideological love-children of ward connerly and bill cosby. in the short week and a half since i became the first writer to report the news of morehouse’s new policy, the college has become the subject of an intensifying national debate within black diasporic america regarding the role that style plays in producing (or constraining) black male substance. 



by now, there is no need to explain what went “down” at morehouse. you already know. but while you may have already heard the details of morehouse’s new “no grills or purses” policy, it’s quite possible that you have yet to hear an impassioned defense of grillz and purses in the spirit of morehouse’s most illustrious progenitors. 



there are those who have argued that it is inappropriate to incite a national public dialogue about what’s happening at a private, independently funded college. amidst the cacophonous roar of the blogosphere, we have heard comments in recent days such as “what goes on at morehouse is a private affair between its students, alumni, and administrators. there is nothing illegal about a private school enforcing a dress code. any student who is unhappy with the dress-code has the liberty to leave.” 



these voices are misguided and unsophisticated. morehouse college is much more than simply a “private institution,” it is a black cultural pillar. in other words, the institution we call “morehouse” is quite similar to the institution we call “the black church.” one does not have to be a member of these institutions in order to be effected by what goes on within their walls. given morehouse’s stature as a historical pillar, all african american men (not just those who are students or alumni of the institution) have an ethical obligation to contribute to this national dialogue about the politics of the college’s policies—especially in instances where it promotes a climate of rampant anti-ghetto-culture- classism and femphobia. 



the bourgeois classism and femphobia embedded in morehouse’s policy are symptomatic of a stubborn refusal on behalf of african americans to have open discussions about 1] the sizable presence of gay men within our community, including (and perhaps especially?) at institutions like morehouse and 2] the continued popularity of black urban culture on the stylistic sensibilities of our black male youth. the idea that young black men on college campuses are so developmentally arrested that the only way that they can distinguish between what to wear in the classroom vs. what to wear in "corporate america" is by prohibiting them from wearing sagging jeans at all times, is not only absolutely ridiculous, it’s also quite racist. young black men are all too familiar with having our cultural fashions and stylistics pathologized as deviant, criminal, or dysfunctional. it is thus painfully ironic that an administration such as morehouse—run by and for black men—would promote a policy that implies that baggy jeans are a visual marker of anti-achievement. 



moreover, simply being a private college does not give morehouse the ethical license to engage in fascist tactics. the vast majority of the nation’s top institutions (ranging from the massachusetts institute of technology to yale university) do not depend on dress codes to “make sure” that their students are intelligent enough to deduce that walking into a medical school interview with gold teeth might not make for a stellar first-impression. instead, these institutions realize that even in the most challenging of intellectual environments, students should be allowed to express themselves on campus freely, in whatever clothing suits their interests. 



turning morehouse college into a playground of men with cardigans and brooks brothers bow-ties will not substantively increase the institution’s rapidly declining graduation rates (at last check, only 64% of morehouse men graduate within six years). nor will it help to reverse the college’s longstanding inability to attract superstar black faculty in the humanities or social sciences (i doubt that a new undergraduate ‘dress-code’ would be appealing to the likes of bell hooks or cornel west). nor will it beef up the resources that one would expect to find on the campus of a purportedly ‘elite’ college (such as better library holdings, laboratories, or facilities). so the question becomes: what’s really behind this decision? 



morehouse college is at crossroads, and it’s one that has nothing to do with cross-dressing. the institution is suffering from a financial and vision mismanagement crisis that threatens to rock the foundation of the college’s pedigree. the administration has failed repeatedly to substantively raise the college’s meek endowment (currently only at $117 million, a far cry from spelman college’s $291 million and howard’s comparatively colossal $490 million). moreover, the administration has still not effectively come up with a strategy for raising the college’s national ranking (both spelman and howard have recently ascended into u.s. news & world report’s coveted “tier 1” classification, while morehouse lags behind in “tier 3,” one rank above the lowest possible designation). 



thus the college’s decision to regulate the fashion trends of its undergrad student body is nothing short of a lazy attempt to shift the focus away from a failing administration that has had a less-than-stellar “job performance” in the crucial arenas of endowment, rank, and matriculation. the administration’s buffoonish emphasis on attire instead of actual academic achievement is perhaps precisely why the college finds itself in the unfortunate situation it has inherited. prohibiting feminine clothing and “ghetto gear” is simply an easy way of refusing to get down to the more serious, knitty-gritty work of revitalizing morehouse’s scholastic legacy. 



moreover, the sexual politics of morehouse’s dress code not only sends out a disheartening message to the legions of feminine or gender non-comforting black boys who one day hope to attend “the house” (long ago, i was one of them), it also promulgates an openly hostile climate towards current students on morehouse’s campus who have an alternative vision of what a “morehouse man” actually looks like. the policy is not so much “homophobic” (indeed, many gay men do not wear women’s clothing, therefore it is unfair to assume that the policy is directed towards gay men at large) as much as it is “femphobic” (an attempt to vilify the subset of gay men who choose to express themselves in women’s clothing). 



but perhaps most disturbingly, the new dress-code policy at morehouse college is a stunning retrenchment of the prophetic vision once made famous by the institution’s most distinguished alumnus: dr. martin luther king. it was dr. king, of course, who prophesied the dawn of a political landscape where men would be judged first and foremost by the “content of their character” rather than by the superficial trappings of color (or, by extension, clothing). morehouse’s dress code policy is nothing short of a reversal of the ethical sensibility of dr. king, who warned us repeatedly about the ruse of the exterior (color, gender, etc.) over the more substantive interior (intelligence, character, integrity). perhaps this administration might rethink its policy in relationship to the man who most americans see as the true embodiment of the institution’s political promise. 



as african american men, we all ‘belong’ to morehouse college, and morehouse belongs to us. doing the work of transforming the politics of sexuality and class within the black community is no easy task. but perhaps the best place to begin is in the halls of our “house.” 



view the full article here: 

posted by the young people's professor  at 10:02:00 am 

 | permalink | 

comments  













about me




my profile



 popular media on frank




  

/>



search


search this blog:






last posts


the year in pictures: 2006 ballroom national tourhome for the holidays!a final goodbyeproletariat musicalities: "introducing" blue scholarscoffee and snow"yo tengo todo papi"loose changethe final word on morehouse college.barkley l. hendricks: birth of the coolback on the road again...




archives


january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
june 2008
july 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
august 2009
october 2009
november 2009
january 2010
april 2010
february 2012
july 2022




 




  

/>







subscribe to this blog's feed

        [what is this?]
    


powered by blogger
& blogger templates

















free counter



