



  






home - cyrus shank























































 






















 1.331.212.5488
 shank@cyrusshank.com

download our catalog
download our price sheet
browse catalog
review my quote



















menu














our refrigeration valves & accessories are 100% american made
since cyrus shank refrigeration valves & accessories are 100% american made you can rest assured and know that you are getting a top quality product that exceeds your expectations. we have put a lot of time and effort into testing our products to provide our customers with relief you can count on!
view our catalog 

















new quick release valves!
new! 800qr quick release, 800qrw weldable quick release, and 803qc quick connect relief valves
view all products! 


new pressure range!
new! pressure range of the 800 and 803 valve has been extended down to 50 psi.
view all products! 


new replacement in kind valves!
new! replacement in kind valves: 801 dhc, cs5602a, cs5602b, 804r, 805r, and 850r
view all products! 











fast, efficient & cost effective relief valve solutions
cyrus shank offers custom set pressures at no extra cost. our great customer service coupled with excellent delivery means you are truly getting a superior product from the leader in the industry. if you need valves tomorrow, call us today. same day shipment is our specialty.


















why choose cyrus shank?
considered to be the gold standard in the industry, all of our products are tested individually to extreme pressures. providing the highest quality refrigeration valves & accessories since 1912. we pride ourselves on delivering the highest quality products on time while being a true partner with our customers.
view our catalog! 














qr - quick release









learn more about cyrus shank company









qc - quick connect









find out why we're the gold standard













contact us today!









relief valve - replacement in kind









view our catalog









ss - low capacity







 




home
  catalog
 the gold standard
 about us
 contact us
 privacy policy








  
        copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.
	    jlb - nashville web design & seo services





home
catalog
gold standard
about us
contact us
resources
























