














dsl modems direct - save money!!










success
fail


























oct
nov
dec




16




2005
2006
2007







119 captures15 may 2001 - 23 nov 2016












 about this capture



collected by



		organization: alexa crawls


	  starting in 1996, alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive.  flowing in every day, these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period.
	



collection: 33_crawl


	  this data is currently not publicly accessible.
	


timestamps













giving consumers a choice in dsl equipment since 
  january 24, 2003
no rebate wait......no 
  contract......no rental fees
you own your modem.

 you don't buy phones or dial up modems from the phone company 
  so why would you buy a dsl modem from them? 
***  5 exciting dsl modem 
  models to choose from: ***

model 5515 ethernet 
  adsl bridge modem - external adsl modem with ethernet interface
model 5554 x5 
  ethernet/usb adsl modem - external adsl modem/router/gateway/firewall/4-port 
  switch with ethernet and usb interfaces
model 5551 x4 
  ethernet/usb adsl modem - external adsl modem/router/gateway/firewall with ethernet 
  and usb interface
model 5560 x3 
  ethernet adsl modem - external adsl modem/router/gateway with ethernet interface
model 5510a 
  usb adsl modem - external adsl modem with usb interface for windows computers


model 5515 - ethernet adsl 
  bridge modem 





full rate adaptive adsl annex a modem (8 meg downstream 
          1 meg upstream)
          easy plug-and-play installation
          ethernet interface and modem's feature set maximize system stability 
          and problem-free operation
          works with most computer operating systems, including windows, macintosh, 
          linux
          security features include pap, chap, and password-protected system management
          two rj-11 phone jacks, including one filtered jack
model 
          5515 datasheet (.pdf file)
review 
          and setup page





price: $69


the 
  zoom x5 - model 5554 
external adsl modem/router/gateway/firewall/4-port switch with 
  ethernet and usb interfaces
all the features of the x4 plus a 4 port ethernet switch built 
  in!





full rate adaptive 
          adsl annex a modem (8 meg downstream 1 meg upstream)
          built-in router provides shared internet access for a maximum of 253 
          concurrent users
          built-in 10/100 four-port ethernet switch
          allows concurrent use of ethernet and usb ports for internet sharing
          nat firewall
          security features include user authentication, pap, chap, and password-protected 
          system management
          logs and controls all incoming and outgoing internet traffic
          works with most computer operating systems, including windows, macintosh 
          and linux
          one rj-11 phone jack
model 
          5554 datasheet (.pdf file)

price: $89





the 
  zoom x4 - model 5551 
 external adsl modem/router/gateway/firewall with ethernet and 
  usb interface





full rate adaptive 
          adsl annex a modem (8 meg downstream 1 meg upstream)
          built-in router provides shared internet access for a maximum of 253 
          concurrent users
          allows concurrent use of ethernet and usb ports for internet sharing
          nat firewall
          security features include user authentication, pap, chap, and password-protected 
          system management
          logs and controls all incoming and outgoing internet traffic
          works with most computer operating systems, including windows, macintosh 
          and linux
two rj-11 phone jacks, including one filtered 
          jack (dsl microfilter built-in)
model 
          5551 datasheet (.pdf file)
read 
          mygamer.com review here (.html file)




price: $79



the 
  zoom x3 - model 5560 
 external adsl modem with ethernet interface





full rate adaptive adsl annex a modem (8 
          meg downstream 1 meg upstream)
          built-in router provides shared internet access for a maximum of 253 
          concurrent users
          ethernet interface to connect to network card, ethernet switch or router
          nat firewall
          security features include user authentication, pap, chap, and password-protected 
          system management
          logs and controls all incoming and outgoing internet traffic
          works with most computer operating systems, including windows, macintosh 
          and linux
two rj-11 phone jacks, including one filtered 
          jack (dsl microfilter built-in) 
model 
          5560 datasheet (.pdf file)




price: $69


model 5510a 
 usb adsl modem
 







            full rate adaptive adsl annex a modem (8 meg downstream 1 meg upstream)
            easy plug-and-play installation 
            compact, space-saving design 
            built-in point-to-point protocol stack improves system stability 
            works on both window and macintosh
            usb port powered to eliminate power adapter clutter
model 
            5510a datasheet (.pdf file) 
price: $59








press releases & product reviews: 


feb 2004: welcome qwest 
    users changing from cap to dmt.

 

* note - qwest just opened up their dslam ports to 1 meg up. 
    current generation of zoom chipsets will do full 1 meg upstream unfragmented, 
    simply set the zoom modem to the following:
 mtu=1520, mru=1520 and mss=1460 - you will get a 1500 byte 
    mtu.
----------------------
july 28, 2003 verizon 
    tests and approves zoom model 5551 x4 dsl modem for use on the verizon dsl 
    network. 
approvals have been submitted december 2003 for bellsouth & 
    qwest
feb 17, 2003 
    the zoom usb dsl modem wins the web 
    user gold award the only dsl modem to get 5 stars
7-28-2003 
    verizon tests and approves zoom adsl modem for use 
    on their dsl network
4/14/2003 
    zoom usb dsl modem model 5510a releases new firmware that allows it to work 
    on both macintosh & windows os.
3/25/2003 
    zoom x4 dsl modem features xbox & pc connectivity at the same time
2/17/2003 zoom adsl 
    modem receives webuser gold award 

 1/24/2003
dsl modems direct goes live
press release archives - click 
    here 

------------------------------------------
product reviews:

dslmodemsdirect review for zoom 
    x4 model 5551 adsl modem + gateway + router + firewall
dslmodemsdirect zoom 
    5510a usb modem review



 configuring 
    your dsl modem on the various dsl networks 

including the now famous no 
  wire home run page:
no wires to run and no dsl filters all over the house, the zoom 
  x3 and x 4 dsl modems have a dsl microfilter built into the modem eliminating 
  the need for any other filters in the house. 
 * this method also works for any 
  dsl modem using one dsl microfilter external to the modem.
* newer 
  models will no longer have the built-in filter

 
dsl related links: 




ezlan.net - great website 
          on network configurations with q&a.
dslreports.com 
          - very popular site for regionalized dsl information. 
 
glossary:
cpe: consumer product equipment - what your modem is called 
          by your isp/phone company
modem not on supported list: phone company way of playing 
          politics with your money. all dmt type dsl modes are made to a standard 
          just like a telephone.
dsl news:
2-1-2004: dsl set 
          to overtake cable in u.s. deployment, click on above link to 
          see news story
politics


5-28-2005 u.s. drops to 16th 
      in worldwide high speed internet deployment and falling
according to the latest itu data, we're now sixteenth. the 
      u.s. ranking is something itu and oecd researchers attribute to a lack of 
      a cohesive government infrastructure policy - but free-market fans and incumbent 
      supporters attribute to geography. the data indicates there are 11.4 broadband 
      subscribers per every 100 u.s. inhabitants. 
3-25-2005 - a sad day for the u.s., fcc says 
      u.s. consumers must purchase voice service from the bell companies to get 
      dsl service. broadband 
      report 
1-19-2004 
      u.s. drops to 11th in worldwide high speed internet deployment and falling 
      other 
      nations zip by usa in high-speed net race
labelle management fights a poky dial-up internet 
      connection every morning to see how 13 restaurants did the day before. the 
      company in mount pleasant, mich., can't get high-speed internet to all its 
      46 restaurants and hotels in michigan and indiana because it is either unavailable 
      or too expensive. "i dread dial-up," says tech chief michael reed. 
      far away in south korea, consulting-business owner james rooney surfs the 
      web 50 times faster than the best connections available to labelle. fast 
      internet in seoul is so cheap and widespread, he says, it's "like running 
      water."
despite its economic and political might, the 
      usa is falling behind other nations in arming consumers and small businesses 
      with a key economic tool: high-speed internet access, also known as broadband. 
      the usa ranks 11th worldwide in broadband use, according to a recent united 
      nations report, behind such places as south korea, hong kong and iceland.
spreading fast internet access in the usa is 
      so critical to long-term economic might that technet, a group of top u.s. 
      tech ceos, says it's the 21st-century equivalent of landing a man on the 
      moon. "i'm just amazed how far behind we are," says sung won sohn, 
      chief economist at wells fargo.
south korea's $50 billion program first linked 
      80 major cities and towns with superfast cable. then, the government launched 
      high-speed video services, such as telemedicine.
in the usa, broadband has been slowed by a 
      patchwork of federal and state regulations.
moreover, major phone companies didn't want 
      to invest in broadband because they feared the fcc would force them to lease 
      lines to high-speed rivals.
within two years, he hopes all of labelle's 
      properties have high-speed service.
by then, he can only imagine how cheap and 
      widespread it will be in places like south korea.



-----------------------------------------













other links:












online 
          web friends and other links - companies or consultants 
          that have links to us. 
anandtech.com 
          and the forums at anandtech.com
massive 
          site for all kinds of computer related links
also other dsl links including dsl 
          speed test links.
fujitsu 
          hard drive test utility and lawsuit settlement details
-------------------------------------
may 2005 new internet technology by niklas zennstrom 
          that created kaaza launches skype
make and receive calls to ordinary phones with 
          your computer. www.skype.com 

 
articles on skype
washington 
          post 6-4-2005
 






testimonials
1-8-2004
dave,

just thought i would fill you in on the x5 zoom 
  adsl. the unit is working like a champ. 
as you know i purchased this unit as a replacement 
  for an actiontech unit that was given to me as part of my qwest dsl hook up. 
  the actiontech unit was a supreme disappointment. the unit kept crashing and 
  was generally unreliable. 
the zoom adsl x5 modem is just the opposite. 
  it has been running non-stop since it has been installed. i have yet to re-set 
  it. this is how a product should work... 

i have several friends getting in on the dsl wagon here soon 
    and i will be telling them that the zoom modem is the way to go...

    thanks for you time and your assistance,

take care and the best to you and yours this 
  new year,

"big" john gonzales

click here for more 
  testimonials
many thanks to many satifisfied customers for taking their time 
  to write about their experiences with the modems

 
friday videos 
  by damon wiener 
test your dsl speed here with these home video clips...
check back here every week as he releases a new video every 
  friday 


order status 
    / contact us / about 
    us


privacy policy 
no need for a whole page for a policy because 
  we will not sell or share your information to anyone at anytime period.

last updated 
  06/04/2005
 
©2005














 


