





imsl software - xlink/win







imsl
    software

what's new
download
register
technical support






information
casio digital diaries
sharp electronic organizers
organizer reviews and
    recommendations

brasil

contact us

email
infoi1@imslsoft.com

this site is operated by imsl software
please let us know if you find any errors or broken links

 imsl software develops software for exchanging data between pcs and
    handheld digital devices such as electronic organizers, pdas, and digital cameras. trial
    versions of our end user software products are available for download from this site for a
    free evaluation. imsl software provides general information on casio
    and sharp electronic organizers on this site as a free service.
    imsl software is not affiliated with casio computer co. or sharp electronics, so please
    contact those companies directly for warranty service or product support. for more
    information on imsl software's oem products and design consulting services, see oem products and services.


product
        reviews and gift-buying recommendations for electronic organizers


 xlink/win

xlink/win is a data backup and data exchange program for windows
    which supports both casio and sharp electronic organizers. in addition to the casio models
    supported by casif/win, xlink/win supports most sharp yo/zq/el/oz/tm electronic organizer
    models and some additional radio shack and oregon scientific organizers. data can be
    exchanged between any supported models. xlink/win runs on any version of windows,
    including windows emulators for mac and unix systems. a trial version of xlink/win can be
    downloaded free from this site.
more information...
 casif/win 
casif/win has been the leading pc/windows shareware communications
    and data management program for the casio sf/csf/nx (b.o.s.s.) series of digital diary
    organizers since 1994. all diary models, all casio serial cables, and all versions of
    windows on any pc or software emulator are supported. casif/win also supports many radio
    shack ec models - contact imsl software to check on your model. xlink/win has replaced
    casif/win except for supported oem versions.
more information...
casio is a registered trademark of casio computer company
    inc.
    sharp is a registered trademark of sharp electronics corporation
    microsoft windows is a registered trademark of microsoft corporation.




what's new
casio sharp
march 2022: still supported
there hasn't been anything really new for some time, other than a couple of very minor bug fixes, but our software is still available, fully supported, and works with the latest version of windows 11.
june 12, 2017: update for sharp oz/zq-7xx models
a minor update xlink/win version 2.86 is available to fix the issue of long
uploads encountering timeouts on the oz/zq-7xx models as the organizer's indexing process slows down.
july 31, 2015: compatibility with windows 10
xlink/win is compatible with windows 10, no configuration changes needed.
mar 21, 2013: a few additions to cable information
a few new suppliers of casio cables and parts have been added to the cables page. it is getting very difficult to find alternative sources of supply for many of the old organizer cables, although usually it is still possible to make your own cable fairly easily. unfortunately there are currently no known alternatives for the ce-139t cable for the
older sharp yo/zq models, other than finding one for sale second-hand.
aug 27, 2011: web site and email service interruption
our web site and email service suffered an interruption of 3 days
from aug 26-29. service has been restored on a temporary host, but there may be a few more
disruptions as we switch back.
feb 19, 2011: xlink/win version 2.84 released
xlink/win version 2.84 has been released for all users (see what's new in 2.84). this latest update is primarily for
users of the sharp oz/zq wizard models, particularly those supporting the user file data
type. it runs on all 32-bit and 64-bit versions of windows.
aug 14, 2009: support for windows 7
xlink/win version 2.8 has been tested with the final version of
windows 7 which microsoft has released to manufacturing, and there are no known
compatibility problems.
feb 28, 2009: xlink/win version 2.8 released
xlink/win version 2.8 has been released (see what's new in 2.8). this is a minor update, intended
primarily to make the program more vista-friendly. the default application folders are
changed to comply with the microsoft standards which are more rigorously enforced in
vista, and certain internal functions which caused unnecessary warnings from vista's user
access control have been altered to avoid the problem. in addition there are some new
functions for more convenient import and export of files, and support for microsoft
outlook format.
nov 14, 2007: inexpensive usb-serial adapter available
if your pc does not have a traditional serial port, you will need a
usb-serial adapter to connect a sharp organizer cable. these devices plug into a standard
usb connector, providing a tranditional serial port connector for external devices, and
appearing as a virtual com port in windows. usually they need to have a special driver
installed, which comes with the adapter.  however, not all usb-serial adapters work
well with organizer cables. this usb-serial adapter is a common type which has been tested
to work with xlink/win and all casio or sharp cables. it works with winxp, win98, and
macos, and it costs less than $5 delivered by mail order: http://www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.5859
or http://ledshoppe.com/product/com/ca4037.htm.
this adapter is vista-compatible.
(note: if your virtual com port number is greater than com4, and you
are using a version of xlink/win prior to 2.8,  you must edit the xlinkw.ini file
with a text editor and change the com port number manually on the line
comport=comn:9600,n,8 (for example), where n is the com port number.)
may 16, 2007 new message board
you may notice that our message board is now back in a new format,
but it's starting off empty. earlier this year we were having frequent problems with
spammers posting on our message board, forcing us to halt access temporarily a few times.
unfortunately the last such incident broke the message board permanently, and former
service host ultraboard was no longer around to fix it. we have now reconstituted the
message board as a yabb board hosted on our own web server, which should give us a little
more control. we can probably restore a few of the more helpful message board postings
from our archives over the next few weeks, but unfortunately we can't re-create the former
user registrations. please re-register if you want to post new messages or receive alerts.
mar 6, 2007 reminder for registered users
registered users of xlink/win should check the registered
users web page occasionally for program updates, especially if you encounter a problem
which may already have been fixed by an update. if you are a registered user and you have
forgotten how to access the registered users web page, please check your welcome email
message from imsl software, or contact us for a reminder.
sep 23, 2006 email problems
our web hosting service is in the middle of a server
migration. if you don't get a response to your email to imslsoft.com, try again later.
jan 20, 2006 old email address retired
our oldest email address imsl at compuserve.com is now
officially retired. please use our newer contact information.
.
apr 15, 2004: web site updates
our new web host is now up and running. if you encounter
any problems, please send a note to infoi1@imslsoft.com
 to let us know.
feb 1, 2004: xlink/win 2.7b update
adds merge support for the yo-270 family and fixes some
minor bugs in 2.7a.
nov 6, 2003: update for el-6990, yo/zq-270, yo/zq-290
a new version 2.7a of xlink/win has been released this week
which adds support for the sharp el-6990, yo-270 (zq-270) and yo-290 (zq-290) organizer
models. (note that the oz-290 or zq-290 mark ii model is not the same as the yo/zq-290
model - although they appear similar, they use a different communication protocol.) this
version of xlink/win also adds new support for reading fragmented memory backups from the
el-6790/6890, yo/zq-180/190/195/480/485, and yo/zq-150/170/470 models, and corrects a
problem with the rlynx-yo cable.
feb 1, 2003: new casio sf models
casio has introduced some new sf models in japan: the
sf-4990 with 256 kb of memory, the sf-6990 with 512 kbytes of memory, and the sf-7990 with
1 mbyte of memory. they look more-or-less like the sf-4985er and support similar features,
but use a new and different communication protocol which is not yet supported by
xlink/win. looks like the sf model line is not finished yet. casio has also finally
published some of their sf manuals online in pdf format at http://world.casio.com/sf/download/en/manual/.

jan 31, 2003: updates for registered users and 2003
holiday files
some updated information is available on the registered
users web page for the oz-7xx models. also, new 2003 holiday files have been posted for
download.
april 22, 2002: xlink/win 2.6a released
xlink/win 2.6a is now available for download. it includes
some minor new features, several model-specific updates for sharp organizers, and support
for the oregon scientifc models. it is currently available in english and portugese. new
german and slovak versions should be available before the end of the year.
december 31, 2001: radio shack 65-717, 65-779 and oregon
scientific ex-3301 / 3601 / 3801 models supported
these data organizer models made for radio shack and oregon
scientific by idt are now supported by xlink/win 2.6. these models have also been sold in
other countries with model numbers pdb192, and md4125.
august 2, 2001: listbot mailing list service closed down
microsoft has recently acquired listbot and announced that
they intend to close it down. anyone who was registered with our listbot mailing list
should already have received a notice telling them how to go to our message board
and re-register their email address to receive notification of postings to the news and
product announcements section there. this will provide a service equivalent to the listbot
mailing list. http://amesdp.spymac.net.
june 9, 2001: sharp backup kits out of stock
our backup kits with the ce-139t cable for the older
yo/zq/el models are out of stock, and will not be restocked.
march 25, 2001: xlink/win 2.5e
xlink/win shareware release 2.5e is now available for
download. it includes several model-specific updates.
xlink/win release 2.5e is now also available in portuguese,
complete with a full translation of the help file.
dec 26, 2000: xlink/win recommended by pc news digest
 read review
november 15, 2000: what's happening with casio sf digital
diaries?
most models of casio sf digital diaries have been gradually
disappeared from store shelves and online retailers over the last few months. it seems
that casio has stopped producing all but a few models, and remaining supplies are now
limited. casio has not announced any official decision to end the sf model line, but they
have been concentrating primarily on their pv and wince models lately, while sharp has
taken pretty much over the low-end electronic organizer market. in any case, xlink/win
will continue to support the full range of casio and sharp models. casio has sold several
million of the sf models since the mid 1980s, and people will certainly continue to use
them for many years.
october 25, 2000: new download site
we have added a new download site at http://imslsoft.webprovider.com since the
server at http://imslsoft.webjump.com seems to
be slow lately.
august 10, 2000: xlink/win 2.5d release
the xlink/win 2.5d release is now available for download.
this update supports the latest sharp oz models.
june 19, 2000: new message board
a new imsl software
message board has been set up with sections for
casio diaries, sharp organizers, and xlink/win and casif/win software. there's even a for
sale/wanted section for those who want to buy or sell organizers and accessories. these
sections of the message board are open for message posting by anyone. official news and
product announcements from imsl software will be posted to a separate restricted section.
you can still send your technical support questions and
receive answers by email, but if your question is of general interest it would be better
to post it to the message board so that the question and answer will be available to
everyone. please support the message board! read the news and announcements section of the
message board for more information. 
those who prefer to receive email notification of updates
can subscribe to receive an email whenever something new is posted to the news and
announcements section of the message board. we will continue send any important
announcements to the current listbot mailing list members.
june 7, 2000: xlink/win 2.5 with form layout editor
the latest version 2.5 of xlink/win is now available for download.
this version adds the ability to customize field names and form layouts. the form layout
editor is available separately to registered users.
mar 2, 2000: new domain name and web site address
imsl software can now be found at http://www.imslsoft.com
as well as http: //ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/imsl. for the moment this domain
address will be automatically redirected to compuserve. the imsl web pages have been
hosted on compuserve since 1994, and will continue to be hosted there, but please switch
in any references or links you may have to the new address.

looking for the i.n.t.e.r.n.a.t.i.o.n.a.l m.a.t.h
    and s.t.a.t.i.s.t.i.c.s l.i.b.r.a.r.i.e.s?

back to top

