































 baptist mid-missions































 





















serve















start here






opportunities






next steps






blog






send938












where we serve






 africa


 asia


 europe


 north america


 pacific


 south america


 global ministries

bibles international
creative access nations
ebi/spanish publications

















partner















about us






 mission
 leaders
 beliefs
 missionaries
 projects





stories






 articles
 advance
 resources















give















give online






global impact






advance the vision






planned giving






faqs
















contact



















the reward unseen
read the remarkable story of bmm's founder, william haas, in the reward unseen, a new bmm book in print and e-book formats. 
view resources  
scroll down




new job openings
discover a rewarding career with bmm. positions are available for accounting manager, accounting specialist, receptionist, and summer intern. 
learn more  
scroll down




world relief
your gift to world relief will help our missionaries and trusted contacts deliver relief to the hurting people affected by hurricane helene and also to those in ukraine, india, a creative access nation, and other needy places.
world relief  
scroll down




global fit
a new avenue for missions that puts more people into more places with more service possibilities. 
find out more  
scroll down



















 





  



start here.
god calls his people to serve. we offer opportunities in over 50 countries, tailored for your giftedness. find out what is involved in the great calling of missions and how we can support you every step of the way. 
get started today  












from the
frontlines.


s serve blog january 17



life lessons serving in a dangerous place
suddenly the rumors became a reality. war had been declared and turmoil started. i just could not bear the thought of leaving 42 children with the risk that their caregivers would run for their own lives, so i knew that god was calling me to stay.







a advance magazine november 14



winter 2024


in the pages ahead, read about the triumph of god’s works as he used bmm missionaries all over the world. be glad in these triumphs, knowing that your prayers, gifts, and encouragement made them possible. 









storiesjan. 31



world relief: updates
learn about world relief efforts in ukraine, hurricane-affected areas, and other areas of the world. your gifts are needed as much as ever to help our missionaries and trusted contacts deliver relief to the hurting people around the world. 







storiesjan. 21



distracted by the bible
have you ever seen people not paying attention at church? a bibles international missionary saw this recently, but the reason gave her a big smile. 







storiesnov. 13



the reward unseen
read the remarkable story of bmm founder william haas in the new book, the reward unseen. available in print and e-book formats. 







storiesnov. 7



"will you teach us the bible?"
in a creative access nation, god used a dengue fever outbreak to lead a missionary to a couple who had been searching for truth.

















global impact.
god has a remarkable way of transforming temporal resources into eternal treasure. the bottom line—a gift to missions changes lives. discover the many ways you can invest in lives through baptist mid-missions, including our global impact fund.









the baptist mid-missions family exists to strategically advance the building of christ’s church, with his passion and for his glory, in vital partnership with baptist churches worldwide.















  po box 308011 cleveland, oh 44130
440-826-3930
 info@bmm.org




quick links

find a missionary
opportunities
where we serve
advance magazine
job openings



connect with us

    


bmm canada

506-644-8011
office@bmmcanada.org










				© 2025 bmm. all rights reserved. | privacy policy


































continue browsing







step 1
select an amount





step 2
complete your donation






your cart is empty.
browse missionaries and projects.
		




choose an amount:


$25



$100



$250



$500



other


between $5 and $250,000




add & keep browsing
update & check out












 
