









	st. ann catholic church




















home+our parish+mass scheduleholy hourparish staffchurch history+sacramentsbaptismconfirmationfirst communion+becoming catholicfaqsjoin st. ann’s churchwelcome home+ministriescampus ministry+christian formation2024-25 cf registrationcf volunteer opportunities+adult formationmen's groupwalking with purposecatholic faith explainedthe searchearly catholic family lifeelementary christian formationmiddle/high christian formation+youth ministryone bread, one cupteen leadership councilvacation bible schoolhaiti ministry+justice and peace ministryrise against hungeraces+mission of mercyclothe the nakedvisit the imprisonedbury the deadshelter the homelessfeed the hungry+liturgical ministry+children's liturgy of the wordclow leadersmass ministries schedulemusic ministry+parish lifecoffee & donutsdivorced & separated ministryonline giving+resourcescalendarnewsphotossunday bulletinparish registrationvirtusformed+lentfasting/abstinence guidelineslenten retreatdiocesan employment applicationcontact



































home


our parish



mass schedule



holy hour





parish staff


church history


sacraments



baptism


confirmation


first communion





becoming catholic



faqs





join st. ann’s church


welcome home





ministries



campus ministry


christian formation



2024-25 cf registration


cf volunteer opportunities


adult formation



men's group


walking with purpose


catholic faith explained


the search





early catholic family life


elementary christian formation


middle/high christian formation


 youth ministry



one bread, one cup


teen leadership council





vacation bible school





haiti ministry


justice and peace ministry



rise against hunger


aces


mission of mercy



clothe the naked


visit the imprisoned


bury the dead


shelter the homeless


feed the hungry








liturgical ministry



children's liturgy of the word



clow leaders








mass ministries schedule


music ministry


parish life



coffee & donuts


divorced & separated ministry








online giving


resources



calendar


news


photos


sunday bulletin


parish registration


virtus


formed


lent



fasting/abstinence guidelines


lenten retreat





diocesan employment application





contact








   






 











register


|

login
























 









 



 


 


register


|

login

 

















homeour parishmass scheduleholy hourparish staffchurch historysacramentsbaptismconfirmationfirst communionbecoming catholicfaqsjoin st. ann’s churchwelcome homeministriescampus ministrychristian formation2024-25 cf registrationcf volunteer opportunitiesadult formationmen's groupwalking with purposecatholic faith explainedthe searchearly catholic family lifeelementary christian formationmiddle/high christian formationyouth ministryone bread, one cupteen leadership councilvacation bible schoolhaiti ministryjustice and peace ministryrise against hungeracesmission of mercyclothe the nakedvisit the imprisonedbury the deadshelter the homelessfeed the hungryliturgical ministrychildren's liturgy of the wordclow leadersmass ministries schedulemusic ministryparish lifecoffee & donutsdivorced & separated ministryonline givingresourcescalendarnewsphotossunday bulletinparish registrationvirtusformedlentfasting/abstinence guidelineslenten retreatdiocesan employment applicationcontact






































































 

























































welcome!


st. ann’s welcomes everyone to join us in our efforts to build the kingdom of god on earth, and to be a sign of the presence of christ in our world, by building community and serving one another. we welcome all to gather with us in worship at mass.
those wishing to join the catholic church are encouraged to explore that journey of faith by contacting our pastor, fr. jim gordon. catholics wishing to join the parish are invited to register at the church office.
click on this link to view live streamed masses:
livestreamed masses
 
sign up to receive our weekly flocknote emails:
   sign me up
 
 
 


 
 

 
 
 












mass schedule
mass times: 
saturday - 4:30pm
sunday -  8:30am and *11:00am (*livestreamed via facebook)
daily mass - mon-wed., 9:00am 
reconciliation - saturday:  3:15pm - 3:45pm
office hours:  monday-thursday: 9:00am - 4:00pm 
friday: 9:00am - 12 noon
daily readings/podcasts/videos

*mass is being live streamed for use on various diocesan digital media accounts of the catholic diocese of richmond, including, but not limited to, the websites of the catholic diocese of richmond and the catholic virginian, and social media platforms of the catholic diocese of richmond. photography and/or screenshot images from the livestream may be used for the catholic virginian print edition. if you do not wish to be captured by live streaming, please refrain from attending that particular mass time.
 
 
 




















































































we, the members of st. ann’s catholic church, united in christ, guided by the spirit and graced by the sacraments, strive to grow in our knowledge, love and service of god, aware that our celebration of word and eucharist compels us to reach out with the love of christ to welcome and serve all god’s people, near and far, particularly those most in need.














































































































announcements









st. ann's weekend schedule

read more ...



sunday bulletin
please click the link below for this week's bulletin:

sunday bulletin 

 

read more ...


view all>












reporting abuse
sexual abuse hotline: bishop knestout encourages anyone aware of sexual abuse of minors on the part of clergy or staff of our diocese to notify civil authorities and reach out to the diocesan victim assistance coordinator at vac@richmonddiocese.,org or (877) 887-9603.




























































contact info






st. ann’s catholic church
105 s. snead street, ashland, va  23005
phone: (804) 798-5039
email: office@stannscc.org
hours: m-th 9am – 4pm, f 9am – 12 noon











upcoming events





















                sun - feb 16
            

                    mass- 8:30am
                



                sun - feb 16
            

                    9:45am cf: k-6
                



                sun - feb 16
            

                    mass- 11:00am
                



                sun - feb 16
            

                    12:00pm welcome brunch-hall
                



                sun - feb 16
            

                    12:15pm baptism prep- old chapel/parlor
                



                sun - feb 16
            

                    5pm cf: ms and hs- parish hall
                







view all events >













copyright 2025 by st. ann catholic church
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use
|
register
|
login

catholic website design by connecting members














































