






























everett, wa - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












    your city      services      doing business      live & visit      i want to...  


 

 

 

 

 






 












search







 
 
 

 










 





 
 
 











 





 
 
 

 














careersfind current employment opportunities and search job descriptions








pay onlinepay bills, donate and register online.








records & dataaccess public records and open data.








subscribestay up to date on news, events, and neighborhood specific information.








newsget the latest news about what's happening in everett.








map galleryexplore the area through static and interactive maps.










 
 
 






























   meetings & events
 






  
 














view all events
 






  
 
 













feb
17	


presidents' day - city offices closed

presidents' day - city offices closedread on






feb
21	


free family fun: community access night at imagine children's museum
			community access night at imagine children's museum welcomes families to a free night of fun every t...		
free family fun: community access night at imagine children's museumread on






feb
22	


snoco movie club @ epls: love and basketball
			2:00 pm - 4:30 pm		
snoco movie club @ epls: love and basketballread on



pacifica chamber orchestra sunshine concert
			pacifica chamber orchestra and fred chu, artistic director, perform music that reflects our world. 2...		
pacifica chamber orchestra sunshine concertread on






feb
25	


dshs mobile office at evergreen branch
			10:00 am - 2:00 pm		
dshs mobile office at evergreen branchread on






feb
26	


everett civil service commission meeting

everett civil service commission meetingread on






feb
27	


why end-of-life planning matters so much
			3:00 pm - 4:30 pm		
why end-of-life planning matters so muchread on



jump into magic: the gathering! 
			5:30 pm - 7:30 pm		
jump into magic: the gathering! read on








/calendar.aspx



 
 
 









 














   latest news
 






  
 














view all news
 






  
 
 
















update - suspect in mid-january stabbing arrested 


community member’s tip led to suspecting being located						read on...







everett city council selects downtown site for new outdoor multipurpose facility 


the downtown everett site would support the greatest amount of economic activity and new investments, including a potential new partnership with the united soccer league.						read on...







everett water, sewer and stormwater utility rate increase adopted 


increase is essential in supporting continued reliable utility access, including replacing aging infrastructure, meeting regulatory requirements and accounting for inflation						read on...







homes and businesses honored with monte cristo awards 


in december, 34 homes and businesses were acknowledged for their exceptional street appeal at the 26th monte cristo award ceremony.						read on...







mayor franklin shares her proposed 2025 budget in annual address 


mayor franklin brings forward a balanced proposed budget that addresses the $12.6 million deficit and reduces $10 million from the 2026 deficit						read on...







new director appointed to lead everett transit 


with the retirement of tom hingson, mayor cassie franklin appointed mike schmieder as everett transit’s director						read on...







w mukilteo boulevard closed for 12 months for edgewater bridge replacement 


the project will require the closure of mukilteo boulevard for 12 months						read on...







new interactive sculpture, "affirmation station," installed downtown 


“affirmation station” was created by artist timothy c. flood and was commissioned by the cultural arts commission thanks to special events revenue and grant funding						read on...







voters decide against city of everett’s proposition 1 


proposition 1 is a property tax levy lid lift measure that would have supported public safety and essential public services						read on...







everett city council approves resolution for property tax ballot measure for august election 


proposition 1, a property tax levy lid lift measure, will be on the august 2024 ballot supporting public safety and essential public services						read on...







arrest made in 1984 cold case homicide 


an arrest was made in the june 2, 1984, homicide of judith “judy” weaver, a 42-year-old woman from everett, wa.						read on...







everett police make arrest in death of missing 4-year-old child 


today, the everett police department made an arrest in the death of local, missing 4-year-old, ariel garcia.						read on...







mayor franklin delivers annual state of the city address 


read on...







automated traffic safety cameras come to everett 


traffic safety program seeks to reduce severe crashes						read on...







everett named bronze-level bicycle friendly community by the league of american bicyclists 


everett has been named a bronze-level bicycle friendly community by the league of american bicyclists. the award recognizes the work the city has done to develop its bicycle network, making everett a safer, more accessible community for cyclists.						read on...







mayor franklin issues directive on affordable housing 


mayor cassie franklin today issued a mayoral directive on affordable housing for all with the goal of addressing homelessness and supporting housing stability.						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 



  
 


  
 



 
 
 
 



  
 







contact us







city of everett2930 wetmore avenueeverett, wa 98201, usa phone: 425.257.8700
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







mayor's office



city council



city newsletter



employment



everett parks



festivals and events









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 








 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



american disabilities act and title vi notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 










   





 
 
 

 





government websites by civicplus® 


 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















<!----------google translate (mobile friendly)---------!>





<!--------------end google translate-----------------!>










arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









