






home | sanders of oxford














































                            0 items
                            in basket:
                                £0.00




               wishlist contains 0 items










advanced search » 








            catalogues & lists
        
            new acquisitions
        
            news & events
        
            about us
        
            contact
        
            subscribe
        
            prints
        
            maps
        
            books
        














the aesthetic movement

take a look.





online sale

20% off all purchases online* until 24th february.





oxford.
rare prints & maps of city & county.
browse the list here.





japanese woodblock prints
seasonal shin-hanga landscapes
out now





previous



next














prints





maps





books








please note that we are currently experiencing some formatting issues with our website. please bear with us.
.
current opening hours :
monday - friday .....9am - 5pm
saturday ..... 10am - 6pm
sunday ..... closed
.
.

sanders of oxford continues a long tradition of selling antique prints and maps from our historic premises on oxford’s high street. our store, located in the 16th century salutation inn, has been host to printsellers and booksellers since the 1830s. sanders, the most recent of these, was founded in 1927 and in its most recent incarnation seeks to preserve the old world charm of the store while remaining accessible and welcoming to collectors and enthusiasts from all walks of life. our friendly and knowledgeable staff are always on hand to assist. no question is too mundane or too bizarre, so please ask.
as one of the longest running, and last remaining, general antique print sellers left in the world the shop contains a vast array of stock. operating somewhere between a shop and a gallery we aim to provide a less intimidating, and more inviting, backdrop to browse our varied and extensive collection of prints and maps than our history might suggest.
we sell antique prints and maps from the 15th – 20th century, covering virtually every subject and location you can think of. these sit alongside a collection of works by uk based contemporary printmakers, priced to suit every pocket. all of the prints and maps we sell are guaranteed original, with no reproductions, copies, or digital prints.




















catalogues





news & events





contact























sanders of oxford

                                    salutation house,
                                    
                                    104 high street,
                                    
                                    oxford, ox1 4bw
                                







opening hours

                                    monday-saturday 10:00 - 17:00
                                    
                                    sundays 11:00 - 17:00
                                    








telephone

                                    +44 (0) 1865 242590
                                


                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                









directions
contact us
faqs
terms & conditions






subscribe
wishlist
basket
privacy policy






about us












copyright 2021 sanders of oxford.
                            all rights reserved.

















