







sonoma outfitters










































































































              about us
            

              the brands
            

            our team
          



              popular picks
            

            location
          

            contact us
          








































































about usthe brandsour team











popular pickslocationcontact us









scroll






  

outfitting your adventures for over 45 years!

  







 

locally owned since 1978sonoma outfitters - your outdoor experts!










current location in montgomery village





located in montgomery village, santa rosa, californiasonoma outfitters is a family owned clothing and outdoor gear company located in sonoma county, right in the heart of california's wine country. we are a retailer of quality outdoor clothing and gear for all your favorite adventures including  hiking, travel  and most every outdoor activity. we have a passion for all things outdoors and all the adventures that await.sonoma outfitters has a large, hand-picked selection of clothing and footwear by high quality manufacturers such as patagonia, prana, keen, hoka, kühl, merrell, ugg® and much more. we are well trained by factory representatives, plus we wear the clothing and use the equipment, so we know our products inside and out - we won't carry anything that doesn't measure up to our standards. founded in 1978, we have a long history of watching and understanding the trends, tempered with the experience to know the difference between innovation and hype. we offer clothing, shoes and gear for women and men.we listen to our customers, gaining valuable information about each products performance. for over 45 years we have listened, experienced, and tested the gear and clothing we carry. our manufacturers hear from us if we are not happy with one of their products.













missionsonoma outfitters' mission is to provide high quality outdoor clothing, footwear and gear, made by manufacturers that are responsible environmentally, provide decent working conditions and wages, plus a product that performs up to your expectations.

 









 

01.–excellent customer servicewe help customers get the perfect fit & product for their specific needs. our employees are highly trained in all products and many have been with the store for several years. 



02.–highest quality products in the industrywe carefully select brands and products that share the same values. excellent customer satisfaction; often with warranty programs.



03.–unique, longstanding relationships with customersmany of whom have been with the store for decades. sonoma outfitters is committed to maintaining these relationships.



04.–buyer’s rewards programwe offer a free rewards program to collect points every time you shop at our store.

 




  

whether traveling far or exploring near, we have everything you need.

  







  

our beginningswe started our business back in the spring of 1978 along with 3 partners opening a small, outdoor gear and clothing "seconds" outlet in santa rosa california, center of the wine country in northern california. it was back in the days when almost everything for the outdoors was made in the u.s.a. and outdoor gear was not so easy to find. at the time, most of our inventory was purchased while making trips to berkeley, portland and boulder, where many of the products were made, and manufacturers were located. inventory was found by rummaging through the seconds and closeout bins in the back rooms of warehouses.  we began expanding in 1981 and evolved into what we are today, carrying first-line merchandise for all your fun activities.sonoma outfitters has a large clothing department, footwear department, as well as sunglasses, binoculars, travel accessories & luggage, knives, flashlights, daypacks, backpacks, tents, sleeping bags and more.we have been in the outdoor clothing and gear business for a long time, we know our gear and won't carry anything that we ourselves wouldn't use.




































































  




 

come visit us today!what is life but one grand adventure




    location info
  

 









intro



about us and our mission



quote



our story



grand adventure








 
























sonoma outfitters
2412 magowan drive,
santa rosa, ca, 95405,
united states
7075281920
info@sonomaoutfitters.com


hours
mon 10am - 6pm
tue 10am - 6pm
wed 10am - 6pm
thu 10am - 6pm
fri 10am - 6pm
sat 10am - 6pm
sun 11am - 5pm




contact usjobsprivacy policyreturn policy










