





delphi centre training & consulting – mental professional & profesional development






























































































 











skip to content









 












main menu

 


homeaboutmental health professional training & consulting 










upcoming eventsbrowse our upcoming mental health webinars and events.  







in-house trainingin-house training tailored specifically for the needs of your organisation 







case consultationconsultations via zoom, in-person or telephone, assist seasoned and therapists new to complex and relational trauma 











find a therapistadvice for finding a professional that can assist with complex trauma 







trauma informed organisation consultationunderstand what a trauma informed organisation is 







presenterslearn about our portfolio of experienced
presenters and trainers 







on-demand webinarswatch our range of previous training sessions remotely with our on-demand options 










legal, corporate & commercial training & consultingresources 










blogs & newsdiscover our latest topics of interest and news from delphi training & consulting 







videoswatch our informative videos assist in your training & professional development 







articles & handoutsto help support you and your organisation, we have compiled a range helpful resources. 










contactmy account 





















$0.00

0
 cart




 







join our network






















mental health & wellbeing 



 delphi training & consulting 



									delphi training and consulting has achieved international recognition for its pioneering work in australia, providing continuing professional development training with international and national experts in the field of complex trauma, attachment, ptsd and dissociative disorders.more than 2000 online games on jackpot jill casino , go and plunge into the amazing online world!
the casino review site jokaroom is your guide to the world of online gaming!
online gaming platform for australian players golden crown casino , sign up and claim your welcome bonus!
at the online casino joe fortune there is a 100% welcome bonus for every new player! 







 
mental health professional training & consulting











 
legal, corporate & commercial training and consulting











 






upcoming events










on-demand training



























 



 










 
what we provide






we want to help you to make a difference 



we work with you to meet your individual and organisation’s professional development training needs. 







 
about us









 









 
our events







view upcoming events 




















 












 







online event





 




finding solid ground….even with self-harming and highly dissociative clients!







event details: 

 

datestart timefinish timehoursmarch 29, 20259:00 am12:00 pm3 



 






 







professor bethany brand 






 























 












 







online event





 




the problem is not the problem: what works for whom in trauma therapy







event details: 

 

datestart timefinish timehoursmay 3, 20259:00 am1:00 pm4may 4, 20259:00 am1:00 pm4 



 






 







dr colin a. ross 













 







naomi halpern 






 























 












 







online event





 




full – case discussion series: navigating complex dynamics in trauma therapy







event details: 

 

datestart timefinish timehoursmay 7, 20256:00 pm7:30 pm1.5may 14, 20256:00 pm7:30 pm1.5may 28, 20256:00 pm7:30 pm1.5june 4, 20256:00 pm7:30 pm1.5 



 






 







naomi halpern 






 




















 
view all events


























 
enquire 






“between stimulus and response there is a space. in that space is our power to choose our response. in our response lies our growth and our freedom.” 



viktor e. frankl 







 
contact us











 



 



photo credit: katharina vesoly 



 







 















 
latest on demand webinars







view  
on-demand webinars  













 











moving from institutional betrayal to institutional courage: addressing sexual violence and gender discrimination







 






 







emerit. prof. jennifer freyd 













 







josh bornstein, lawyer 






 











 
























 











blowing the whistle on freud’s seduction theory







 






 







jeffrey moussaieff masson 













 







prof warwick middleton 













 







prof martin dorahy 













 







kate mcmaugh 






 











 
























 











expert guidance in screening for dissociative disorders and differential diagnosis







 






 







dr mary-anne kate 













 







dr colin a. ross 






 











 
























 











grieving the losses of childhood







 






 







dr janina fisher 






 











 
























 











a conversation with hana assafiri: the audacity to be free







 






 







hana assafiri oam 






 











 
























 











phobia of vulnerability:  working with dissociation and avoidance in trauma treatment







 






 







dr janina fisher 






 











 
























 
view all on demand webinars



















 
our testimonials










what mental health organisations say about training with naomi halpern  










contact us























 
presenters







portfolio of experienced trainers & presenters 




























 























 























 























 























 




















 
view all






















 
our newsletters






join our mailing list to find out about upcoming events & webinars 






join our mail list







 



 














 
what we offer






working with delphi training & consulting provides 







 











 



 



 














 
our partners






we are honoured to have worked with the following organisations 



 



 







 







 











 







 











 







 











 







 











 







 











 







 











 







 











 







 











 







 











 







 

























 
view all partners















 



photo credit: jeff gilbert / alamy 







“the most authentic thing about us is our capacity
to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.”  



– ben okri 



 







































 






the delphi centre pty ltd 


abn: 62 406 997 428









facebook-f
 



linkedin
 



instagram
 



twitter
 










menu 






about




mental health professional training & consulting




corporate & commercial training and consulting




resources




contact




registration details




technical information for webinars




terms & conditions - on demand




terms & conditions - live webinars




cpd requirements




legal information and disclaimer











delphi training and consulting acknowledges aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples as the traditional owners and custodians of the lands and waters which we share. we pay our respects to elders past, present and future. we acknowledge and recognise it is the oldest living culture in the world and that sovereignty has never been ceded. it always was and always will be aboriginal land.  



we support the uluru statement from the heart  



 



 



delphi is an inclusive and safe organisation. we respect, celebrate and support diversity, the inclusion of children, young people and adults from lgbtqia+ communities, people with disabilities, people from cald backgrounds and people with diverse religious beliefs or affiliations. 



 



 











© 2021 






delphi training & consulting







 all rights reserved, design by agility digital 



 










 







 



join our network 



get all latest news, event updates and access to resources & information. 











								first name							




								last name							




								email							



get information on				


								get information on							
 legal, corporate & commercial training  mental health & training  both 

 



subscribe






































































































































