



prodos.com internet radio - ayn rand, science, lateral thinking, rights, capitalism, art, humour 






























 
prodos.comi n t e r n e t   r 
      a d i o - d i s c o v e r   t h e   p o w e r - 
      o f   i d e a s




 latest interviews. listen 
            online right now! subscribe to the prodos email 
            bulletin. stay informed!
projects, campaigns, discussion lists, 
            tutorials. get involved! transcripts - read them - or 
            offer to do one!
make a donation - big or small - it all 
            helps. thanks!
contact prodos.com or the prodos 
            institute celebratecapitalism.org thinkertothinker.com
 prodos 
            blog
     
"i am not primarily an 
advocate of capitalism, but of egoism;i am not primarily an advocate of 
egoism, but of reason.if one recognizes the supremacy of reason and applies 
it consistently,all the rest follows."ayn 
rand
"enlighten the people 
generally, and tyranny and oppressionsof body and mind will vanish like 
spirits at the dawn of day."thomas 
jeffersonanchor point 
"it is one thing to show a 
man that he is in error,and another to put him in possession of 
truth."john 
locke"how do you tell a communist? well, it's 
someonewho reads marx and lenin. and how do you tell ananti-communist? 
it's someone who understandsmarx and lenin."ronald 
reagan
"the smallest minority on 
earth is the individual.those who deny individual rights, cannot claimto 
be defenders of minorities."ayn rand

enjoy these prodos.com interviews!listen 
now to discussions on philosophy, science, business, art, world affairs, 
human rights!
 
please note: all new 
interviews byprodos will be located @solidvox.com





allan gotthelf 
        discusses his book "on ayn rand"from the prodos.com archives 
        2000 ... “on ayn rand” – at the time of the interview – 
        was the latest addition to the wadsworth philosophers series. 
        topics covered in this interview include: the benevolent universe premise and 
        the heroic view of man. what value is central to ayn rand’s view of a hero? what is reason? what are emotions? is there a connection between the 
        two?  are reason and emotions at odds with each other?  are 
        reason and passion mutually exclusive? reason and self-esteem. 
        how should 
        a person gain his philosophy? what is philosophy? what is the meaning of life?  and is mysticism required to 
        answer this question? what is “value”? what does human survival require? what does it mean for a human being “to live”? 
        selfishness: what is it 
        according to ayn rand? contrasting it with the nietzchien view. 
        the harmony of rational 
        interests. in ayn rand’s 
        novel, "the fountainhead," howard roark gives up a job that would bring 
        him wealth and fame.  how was that, by ayn rand’s philosophy, a 
        selfish act? how did 
        allan gotthelf first meet ayn rand? 
the 
        capitalist manifesto by andrew bernsteinandrew bernstein describes his book, the capitalist 
        manifesto, as “one-stop shopping” for capitalism. some of the 
        issues discussed in the interview include: how capitalism is "the system 
        of the enlightenment" - even though that happened a century or so 
        earlier.the connection between human rights, freedom, and 
        prosperity.what do you need to get to a system of progress and 
        prosperity?what two aspects of human life did enlightenment culture 
        glorify?what capitalism has done for the arts. what is the 
        point of government according to the enlightenment and pro capitalism 
        view? what is actually the central, foundational principle of the 
        capitalist system? capitalism as the system of the mind. can there be 
        slavery under capitalism?  is slavery good for business?  is 
        slavery practical? under capitalism, do the rich get richer and the poor 
        get poorer?why did communism “work” as long as it did in the 
        soviet union?the inductive method and structure of “the capitalist 
        manifesto”.the nature of force and what is it good for. what should 
        and should not be privatized? "the great disconnect” – the clash between 
        the ethics that freedom demands versus the underlying moral idea that 
        many people in the west accept; the mind-boggling destruction this 
        “great disconnect” has wrought in the world.
justice clarence 
        thomas: a journey into american idealsin his "dissenting opinion" in the kelo vs new 
        london eminent domain case, united states supreme court justice 
        clarence thomas takes us on a journey into the thinking and the 
        spirit of the american founding fathers. with san diego based attorney, 
        james valliant, we analyse justice thomas's approach 
        and learn about how the framers of the american constitution approached 
        defending man's rights - defending it against the very kinds of people 
        represented by justice stevens and the supreme court's majority 
        opinion!
capitalism the 
        magnificentguests: philosopher & 
        novelist, andrew bernstein & psychologist & 
        writer, michael hurd. as well as being practical and 
        being moral, the celebrate 
        capitalism™ campaign maintains that capitalism is also magnificent. 
        literally, actually, objectively so. that's what is explored in this 
        interview. topics covered include: more choices under capitalism. 
        freedom of the mind vs repression of the mind. creativity vs boredom. 
        the results of mental repression. the encouragement of invention in a 
        capitalist society. depression as engendered by a lack - or perceived 
        lack - of choice. the excitement of the entrepreneur, the inventor, the 
        creative mind. “value intoxication.” the idea of "adventure and 
        romance". career choice/changing career. the interaction of inventions. 
        surprise. unpredictability.what is heroism? are there more heroes 
        under capitalism? how the division of labor - a key feature of 
        capitalism - opens up more choices for everyone - the opportunity to do 
        what you love most and are best at. becoming the hero of your own life. 
        
why is statism so 
        unbearably boring?guest: psychologist and 
        writer, dr michael hurd. topics covered include: is 
        there a connection between boredom and statism? fear and the absence of 
        creativity. what happens under the most extreme forms of statism to a 
        person’s mind?  how might this relate to what happens under milder 
        forms? the risk-averse personality and depression. how a statist 
        government helps instill the risk-averse psychology.the conflict between 
        coercion and creativity. what, except physical force can silence active 
        minds? the difference in the effect between private support of the arts 
        versus government support. government favoritism. 
eminent domain: 
        kelo v new london & the logic of destruction5 out of 9 supreme court judges have now said it is 
        constitutional to seize the private property of some citizens and to 
        hand it over to others - if that results more taxes or greater 
        employment for the community. ”promoting economic development is a 
        traditional and long-accepted governmental function.” wrote justice 
        stevens.in this interview, property rights activist, 
        erich veyhl, analyzes this recent absolutely awful 
        turn of events in the land of liberty.why did susette kelo not 
        want to accept “just compensation” for her property? did everyone who 
        gave in to eminent domain in this case want to sell? economic fascism. 
        to what extent is the 5th  amendment about granting government the 
        power to take property and to what extent is it about limiting that 
        power? how is the right to private property of *spiritual* 
        concern?  how does it affect the creative mind? how today’s use of 
        eminent domain attacks personal values. the final verdict as 
        written by justice stevens – government planning as the god of the 
        scheme to undermine private property rights. how ”the plan” supersedes 
        individual rights, in justice stevens’s verdict. the re-defining of 
        “public use” to be whatever the government says is its purpose in the 
        name of the public.
eminent domain: how 
        the fifth amendment is being exploited by governments to destroy private 
        property rightswhy the founders of the usa 
        intended to limit the power of eminent domain. did 
        all of them believe eminent domain was right and necessary? contrasting what the us founders intended versus what is being 
        done with eminent domain today. in australia it's 
        called "compulsory acquisition". court decision 
        regarding the federal urban renewal program, when the supreme court 
        re-defined term “public use” in a loose, vague way that left property 
        rights vulnerable to virtually anything the government chooses to call 
        “public use” or “public good” or “public interest”, including taking 
        property from a homeowner or small business owner to give it to a 
        company that will bring in more taxes.
valliant vs 
        branden & brandenjames valliant talks 
        about his book, the passion of ayn rand's critics: the case 
        against the brandens and sheds light on the "manchurian 
        candidate effect". james has made an extensive analysis of the claims 
        made by barbara and nathaniel branden and shown how the brandens 
        contradict each other and themselves. the clincher is that ayn 
        rand's private journals were made available to hime by the estate 
        of ayn rand. you'll be astounded at what they reveal about 
        her.
the powerful 
        minds projectglenn woiceshyn discusses: 
        why developing the mind should be the primary focus of education. the 
        importance of history and historic heroes - a vital part of 
        education. teaching induction. teaching courage and intellectual independence. 
        the problems of progressive education, cognitive relativism 
        and other modern approach that dampen children's love of 
        learning and the development of vital knowledge and skills. 
        the "powerful minds" 
        approach to developing curriculum material.
a new direction in 
        physicslewis little discusses the theory 
        of elementary waves. wave goodbye to: wave-particle duality, 
        entanglement, non-locality, faster-than-light 
        signalling, instantaneous action, schroedinger's paradox, 
        the fashionable modern indifference and dogmatic contempt for 
        physical explanation, and all the spooky zen-like 
        convolutions and contortions of standard quantum and 
        relativity theory. wave hello to: cause and effect, locality, the law of 
        identity, solving the epr paradox, putting physicality back into 
        physics, explaining the constant speed of light. say g'day to logic and 
        reality! yippee!
the meaning of 
        the murder of dutch politician, pym fortuynhow the media and the left contributed to the murder of pym 
        fortyn. through prejudice and character assassination. popular, 
        flamboyant, openly gay dutch politician, pym fortuyn ("professor 
        pym") was portrayed by dutch, european, and international media as: 
        far right, new right, extreme-rightist, 
        racist, fascist, neo-fascist, anti-immigration, similiar to france's 
        jean marie lepen, and sometimes even as a radical laissez-faire 
        supporter (which is the exact opposite of statist fascism of course - 
        but these left-wing journalists aren't known for their intelligence). 
        but pym fortyn was none of these 
        things. 
alina fernandez: 
        fidel castro's daughter[from the archives] 
        how did alina escape from 
        cuba? what does she 
        think of her father, fidel castro?  when the cartoons disappeared 
        forever. did alina 
        ever get involved in cuban politics?  what did castro say when 14-year-old 
        alina told her father she wanted to leave cuba? what was the “peter pan” plan? 
        the elian gonzales case – 
        why “parental rights” do not apply in cuba.  what is family life 
        actually like in cuba? health and education is “free” in cuba – why is alina fernandez 
        not impressed? 
the moral and 
        practical case for completely private educationjames stanfield in the uk and marshall fritz in the usa 
        present convincing research from country after country, school 
        after school, that shows why the government really must get out of 
        the education business. private enterprise can do it better. the 
        evidence is now overwhelming! then there are the moral 
        arguments and the social consequences to consider 
        when goverments run schools.
edward de 
        bono (2 interviews)what 
        is lateral thinking? humor – how does it tell us more about the human 
        mind than any other behavior? what has been the driving force of western 
        science? how chinese technology was far advanced - way beyond that of 
        the west - 2000 years ago.  but chinese technological progress 
        then came to a dead end. why? the value and importance 
        of play and 
        provocation. what is 
        “po”?  how do you use it? “parallel thinking” – the 6 thinking hats 
        method. why is australia edward debono’s favorite country?  :-) 
        the habits of “wisdom” 
        versus the habits of traditional thinking. traditional approaches to creative thinking – 
        brainstorming and suspending judgment - how they are weak or 
        ineffective. deliberate provocations as aids to creative 
        thinking.
revival and 
        influence of ancient skepticism in modern scienceskepticism’s medieval alliance with 
        theology. extreme 
        skepticism and moderate skepticism. montaigne’s skeptic view regarding the statement 
        “honey is sweet”. rene 
        descartes –– the material universe as a giant piece of clockwork; “i 
        think; therefore i am.”  looking for that which cannot be 
        doubted.  the “evil demon” hypothesis. when science shook up the old views of the world. 
        thomas hobbes – his 
        solution for the problem of finding a criteria for true knowledge. 
        influence of skepticism 
        on modern science.  newtonians: “we can do science without knowing 
        the ultimate causes of things.” is statistical evidence proof of cause and effect?skepticism and quantum mechanics 
        skepticism in ethics and 
        politics. the elephant 
        and the 3 blind men.
commercial vs political 
        speech: dividing and destroying the first 
        amendmentin 1942 the supreme court began 
        to differentiate between "commercial speech" such as advertising, and 
        political speech. the "commercial speech doctrine" holds that commercial 
        or "self-interested" speech is not protected by the first amendment. 
        nicholas provenzo from the center for the advancement of capitalism 
        (cac) argues there should be no such division.
the 
        swashbuckling spirit of the entrepreneurhow cornelius vanderbilt 
        challenged robert fulton’s state-sponsored monopoly. the entrepreneur as a daring, 
        enterprising adventurer with a great, original  vision. 
        creative minds in the material realm of 
        business just as creative as those in the spiritual realm of art. 
        the mind as the real 
        business capital. does 
        greed for money drive the entrepreneur? what does money and profit mean to the 
        entrepreneur? ayn rand as 
        an entrepreneur.
prohibitionism - 
        banning for a better world?prohibition in 
        america (1920 - 1933), australia, britain, and elsewhere. how the 
        ban was actually not about drinking alcohol, but against producing and 
        selling alcohol. how the consumer was treated as a victim. 
        temperance crusaders tended to also be for ending slavery - what 
        did these two issues have in common at the time? the role of 
        the quakers. it was actually not a "puritan" movement. early crusaders 
        relied on persuasion and advocated moderation - but this changed to 
        using force of law and advocating a total ban. how prohibition caused 
        disrespect of law. violation of property rights. the rise of organized 
        crime. that the backlash and the move to repeal prohibition was 
        itself based on flawed arguments. and much more!
usa-australia (fta) free 
        trade agreementaustralia has always stood 
        beside the usa. we’ve fought with united states – for better or for 
        worse – in every major war – including vietnam and korea. and most 
        recently in afghanistan and iraq. without doubt, australia is the most 
        usa-friendly country in the world. we’ve been prepared to fight together 
        and die together for the cause of liberty. are we now prepared to trade 
        together?
bettina bien 
        greaves on the life and work of ludwig von misestopics covered include: the personality and personal style 
        of mises, his views of morality, his passion and unswerving dedication 
        to liberty, accurate predictions of future world events by noting 
        prevailing ideas and ideologies ("as i see from the books being 
        written"), how capitalism has been maligned, gossip regarding run-in 
        with ayn rand (but unverified), when governments should "do nothing", 
        greenspan's current view regarding the gold standard, the importance and 
        impact of ideas, a batman comic issue based on ludwig von mises (!), the 
        recovery of mises papers taken by the nazis and showing up in moscow, 
        his rejection of anarcho-capitalism and anarchy, the mises institute 
        "does a good job ... but ... torn between the teachings of mises and the 
        teachings of rothbard", love of opera, and much, much more!
iranian 
        student uprisingwhile the intelligentsia 
        of what we call the free world – the west – australia … the usa … europe 
        .. canada and so on – tell us that dictators like castro are “freedom 
        fighters” and that social systems like capitalism are the root of all 
        evil .. and seek to slander great men like thomas jefferson … in the 
        heart of one of the world’s most brutal and fanatical regions – a region 
        that mass produces terrorists the way henry ford first mass produced the 
        model t ... within the axis of evil itself … there are individuals who 
        are upholding the american founding fathers and believe that free trade 
        is a basic human right. they believe in: 
        capitalism, private property rights, secular government, free 
        speech.   
what is the cause 
        of poverty in poor countries?why are some 
        people rich and some people poor? why are some countries rich and others 
        poor? the governments of many poor countries seem to oppose free trade 
        and the entry of big corporations. but the citizens want the 
        corporations and they want capitalism.regarding anti-capitalist 
        demonstrators?james shikwati: "(the demonstrators) didn't seem 
        to be informed about the poor people ... and didn't seem to be intersted 
        in the concerns of the poor people."barun mitra: "(the 
        demonstrators) by and large have little understanding of the issues ... 
        most are not even making an effort to understand the 
        issues."
archive: mike 
        mentzer, how fitness science has been influenced by ayn 
        randrecorded about a year before mike 
        mentzer's death. this interview looks at how ayn rand's ideas in 
        epistemology (reason), metaphysics (reality), and ethics (personal 
        happiness) influenced one of the world's most successful and 
        revolutionary musclemen and fitness experts. 
rational 
        enthusiasm & a 'sermon on the mount'"fill your life with the things you love most!" says dr andrew 
        bernstein, author, heart of a pagan. this interview with dr bernstein 
        and a group of highly motivated members of the "swoop troop" was 
        recorded during their trek up breakneck ridge, cold springs, new 
        york.topics covered include: mind/body integration. the 
        classical greek ideal of sound body and sound mind. treat your body as a 
        consecrated thing. the pursuit of excellence in the mental, moral, and 
        physical realm.is rational enthusiasm an american invention? 
        since the usa was explicitly founded on the ideal of the right to life, 
        liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, what that means is that 
        individuals have the inalienable right to pursue their own values. the 
        right to devote every second of your life to the things your love and 
        the idea that no one has the right to get in your way. you have the 
        moral right to go after what you want. 
the cooling vest that 
        does the sweating for youdiscussion of a 
        new "cooling vest" designed to be worn under the nbc (nuclear, 
        biological, chemical) protective clothing of soldiers, fire fighters, 
        etc. how it works - how it "does the sweating for you". the physiology 
        of body cooling, why does sweating cool us down. the application of 
        'heat pipe' technology first developed for satellites to conduct heat 
        away from circuitry. the operational edge this vest gives a soldier. the 
        way the vest was developed. 
myths 
        about israeli occupationdaniel mandel 
        exposes the many myths regarding the israel/palestine conflict - 
        especially the myth that israel is somehow "occupying" land that 
        "rightfully" belongs to palestine or palestinians.
history of 
        musicals & the free marketthe 
        development of the musical over the last few centuries! we look at its 
        transformation as a genre plus we check whether there is any link 
        between its development and capitalistic ideals in society: free trade, 
        individual rights, free speech, free association, rule of law, esteem of 
        reason. 
heart of a pagan: 
        the story of swoopswoop - the hero of 
        andrew bernstein's novel, heart of a pagan, is not only a visionary, a 
        philosopher, and a genius - he's the world's greatest athlete. and he's 
        on a mission from the gods - the pagan gods of ancient greece - to 
        inspire the worship and achievement of mental, physical, and moral 
        excellence!thus, using basketball as a metaphor, through the 
        irrepressible character of swoop, and the unstoppable, unbeatable swoop 
        troop, this story takes us from the conquests of alexander the great and 
        the feats of achilles and odysseus to the basketball court - and back 
        again! 
foreign 
        trade restrictionstwo leading free market 
        writers discuss the problems with trade restrictions such as: tarrifs, 
        anti dumping laws (including criticism of the wto), tarrifs, foreign 
        ownership restrictions, multi-lateral trade agreements, 
        etc.
lindsay perigo 
        interviewedinterview with new zealand 
        radio presenter and free-market activist, lindsay perigo. topics covered 
        include: the challenge of encouraging others to think in principles. how 
        does cultural change happen - it's not 'linear.' how to treat your 
        philosophy selfishly. it's those few people who do care who make a 
        difference. going from communism to cynicism. then finally discovering 
        ayn rand.
the 
        cheney-mueller pre-emptive *surrender* to 
        terrorismamerican vice president, dick 
        cheney says that another terrorist attack on the usa is "almost a 
        certainty."fbi director, robert mueller says "i think it's 
        inevitable ... there will be another terrorist attack ... we will not be 
        able to stop it. it's something we all live with."wrong! in fact 
        there is a great deal more the usa can do. for instance, a decisive, 
        pre-emptive military *strike* against states that sponsor 
        terrorism.
israel's 
        operation defense shieldpalestinian 
        terrorist groups have been competing with each other on who can create 
        the most havoc and kill the most israelis. operation defense shield 
        aimed at reducing palestinian suicide attacks on israel and destroying 
        or reducing palestinian terrorist capabality. was it successful? what 
        methods did it use? what about the deeper and more long term problems of 
        terrorism? why fighting terrorism in israel makes the world whole a 
        safer place.
how 
        bureaucrats try to 'improve' the free marketevery one seems to have one. no government is complete these days 
        without it's very own anti-trust agency. to "protect" the consumer from 
        price-fixing, under-pricing, over-pricing, whatever- you- do- is-bound- 
        to- be- wrong- anyway- pricing. to fix this imperfect market in this 
        imperfect world. to make sure there are no anti "competitive" business 
        practices taking place anywhere any time.
why 
        israel has much to be proud ofisrael is a 
        beacon of western values, capitalism, and success - smack in the middle 
        of the middle east. surrounded by 'neighbours' for whom freedom is a 
        foreign tongue, by poverty ridden dictatorships who view israel's 
        prosperity with a mixture of paranoid suspicion, hate, and 
        envy.israel does not allow itself to forget that "eternal 
        vigilance is the price of liberty" (wendell phillips) they have paid a 
        high price for it - and they should be proud of what they have created 
        and defended.
towards 
        a positive vision for cubawhat's wrong 
        with communism in both theory and practice - how it is an airtight 
        guarantee of poverty and misery. why capitalism - free trade, free 
        speech, individual rights, etc. - is the only moral and practical 
        solution for cuba.
living 
        in israel today: naomi ragen online from jerusalemat a time when innocent israelis are being murdered 
        indiscriminately by arafat's suicide bombers ... as the media portrays 
        these terrorists and their brutal leadership as heroes and condemns 
        israel - the freest, most prosperous state in the middle east - for 
        seeking to defend herself ... what is it like living israel? getting on 
        a bus? shopping at the local market? eating in a 
        restaurant?
china: facts and 
        "face"western appeasement is rewarding 
        chinese aggression and oppression. can trading with china lead to the 
        spread of better ideas? or will it end up arming and encouraging a force 
        of destruction? a brutal force aimed at both foreigners and chinese 
        citizens?
china: why it 
        should lose the olympicsthe world's 
        biggest dictatorship - a country which has slaughtered more people than 
        hitler, is hostile to western values, throws a tantrum if anyone 
        suggests it may not be allowed to have taiwan all to itself - but it 
        gets handed hong kong and the olympic games. so what 
        gives?
china: where is 
        the language of liberty?china has some 
        deep problems. as well as its communist and authoritarian traditions, 
        the chinese language lacks the words/concepts necessary to grasp the 
        ideas of liberty, individualism, free choice, etc. and the western 
        concepts it has picked up are kantian and keynesian. the worst of all 
        worlds. yet the west constantly appeases and even rewards 
        china.
south korean 
        culture, concepts, and capitalismdoes 
        south korea have the foundations for capitalism? individual rights? the 
        pursuit of happiness? does it have the concepts which are the 
        precondition of achieving freedom and prosperity?
cuban 
        dissident, ex communist, ferdinando castro de lardiller, online from 
        cubawe know what the cuban oppositionists 
        are against: castro and communism. but what are they fighting for? and 
        how does a dictator like castro stay in power? in this illegal 
        (according to cuban law) interview we speak with one of cuba's leading 
        dissidents.
leon louw: promoting 
        free market principles in south africa and beyond"contrary to what socialists and communists think, when people 
        are trading they're all blissfully happy - buyers and sellers alike!" 
        observed leon louw on his recent visit to melbourne, 
        australia.the founder of the south african based free market 
        foundation talks about the programs and activities his organization run 
        to promote free market ideas and policies. among other things, find out 
        about the young black communist who now works as a lecturer promoting 
        the virtues of capitalism
how does 
        fantasy and adventure work in literature?as humans we seem to be preoccupied with two seemingly opposed 
        activities. the first is to identify reality. the second is to escape it 
        - through the use of fiction, fantasy, fairytales. what is the role of 
        fantasy in human life?
more 
        capitalism means more and better art"artists flourish in a capitalistic system!" says art historian, 
        professor lee sanstead. so why are so many artists so hostile towards 
        capitalism? example after historic example is provided of the link 
        between capitalism (the system of the mind) and artistic quality and 
        quantity. a chilling contrast is made with the artistic desolation of 
        oppressive regimes such as modern afghanistan as well as the anti 
        objectivity of post modernism. listen now to this informative and 
        uplifting affirmation of creative freedom and prosperity - including 
        some ground-breaking insights by one of the world's foremost authorities 
        on romantic realism.
how governments 
        get away with seizing private propertyusing the example of the brazilian government's threat to seize 
        the patent to aids drug, viracept, we look at how governments get away 
        with such breaches of property rights.topics covered include: 
        the often-used trick of declaring a "state of emergency" as an excuse to 
        trample on rights. the false dichotomy inherent in the "put lives before 
        profit" slogan. the contribution of altruism to the destruction of 
        rights. the fraud of claiming to "help" people - whilst punishing the 
        drug companies for their success. the widespread notion that profits are 
        bad. should atlas go on strike? the possible idea of micro strikes. how 
        companies are hampered from defending themselves - by their 
        shareholders' structures and by their own short term mentalities. 
        
a turn for de 
        wurstthe artist at work series: sydney 
        kendall is author of 'a turn for dewurst', a thought-provoking novel 
        about a brilliant little girl who fights back against a teacher that is 
        out to crush her mind and spirit. it shows the importance of 
        independence, and of freedom of choice in education. why is fiction so 
        important? the nature of the creative process. homeschooling. having a 
        primary purpose in writing a novel. creation of characters. how fiction 
        can express radical ideas better than non-fiction -- showing the 
        practical consequences of ideas and values. "good versus evil" -- how 
        moral issues stir emotions. 
the art 
        & science of selfishnesswhy is the 
        concept of selfishness so misunderstood and misrepresented? isn't 
        everyone selfish? selfishness is not the same as gratifying your every 
        desire. how altruism painted self-interest as harming others. who gave 
        selfishness a bad name and how they did it. tricks used by advocates of 
        selflessness - for instance: the benevolence trap. selflessness is 
        opposed to happiness. how altruism has created the modern trend of 
        "victim competition". the selfish person is focused on respecting and 
        valuing others. ayn rand's remarkable clarification of this most 
        misunderstood idea. 
worse than mindless thugs. 
        the m1 exposed. and challenged!they 
        smashed windows, they screamed slogans, they burned effigies, they 
        hurled paint, they pushed, hit, threatened, swore, and shouted down 
        dissenters. they terrorized the innocent. were the m1 protesters 
        mindless thugs? no. something much worse. on may 1, 2001, the "m1" 
        demonstrators rallied in every city around australia. their goal was to 
        stage a "peaceful protest." which "shut down corporate australia". 
        doesn't make sense? it does actually, from a very particular perspective 
        as you'll find out shortly. 
hector palacios: 
        cuban thought criminalonline from within 
        cuba. founder of the democratic solidarity party of cuba, arrested sixty 
        times, spent twelve years in jail. discusses: the extent to which cubans 
        are restricted and enslaved. what happened to elian gonzalez. the valera 
        project seeking to change the cuban constitution. those who have fled 
        cuba. how to remain positive and strong, even under the most dire 
        conditions, his own dreams and hopes.
fatal bolt of 
        truth for guilt industrymelbourne herald 
        sun columnist, andrew bolt, recently confronted australia's most honored 
        aboriginal leader, dr lowitja o'donogue with facts that contradict her 
        long held stance that she was a 'stolen child' i.e. forcibly removed 
        from her parents by white authorities. she came clean and confessed that 
        her parents had handed her over to colebrook homes. the guilt industry 
        is imploding in slow motion.
cyberhate: who can slay 
        the hydra?discussion includes: 
        sophisticated organizational structures and technologies used by neo 
        nazis and 'extreme right (don't you "hate" that term?) groups.' past and 
        current examples. can current laws cope with the problem? the dangers of 
        censoring the web. some non-government, free market solutions. modern 
        trend towards direct action and emotionalism. can one combat stupidity 
        and prejudice? how education can help. how young people should approach 
        the internet.
defending 
        capitalism:contrasting christianity & objectivism
most christians i know are opposed to 
        capitalism, profit, and 'materialism'. but does this necessarily follow 
        from christian principles? michael novak, from the american enterprise 
        institute, one of the world's most eminent defenders of capitalism and a 
        devout catholic doesn't think so. he joins andrew bernstein from the ayn 
        rand institute as we contrast the way objectivism and christianity 
        defend capitalism.
the 
        history of religion and scienceinterview 
        includes: newton's search for a "scientific theology" and his study of 
        alchemy. his use of gravitation and the notion of action-at-a-distance 
        as evidence of god's intervention. galileo's crime. why was he 
        persecuted by the church? his claim that there were two books of god - 
        the bible and the natural world. could he prove the copernican 
        view?
how to find 
        love and romancetopics covered include: 
        what does a woman look for in a man? what does a man look for in a 
        woman? differences and similarities. why do we need love and romance? 
        why pursue it? are we 'incomplete' without a 'soul-mate'? what to look 
        for in a soul-partner. keeping the love alive - over decades. the 
        feeling of "i'm melting" that comes with being in love. how the internet 
        may be changing some of the old rules - maybe for the 
        better!
the moral and 
        military defence of israeltopics covered 
        include: the ideological war behind the violence. the media's role in 
        not only reporting events but in determining the outcome. the lengths to 
        which israel has gone to encourage peace. is it time to take back some 
        of the territory? the problem with the concept of "self-determination" 
        based on heritage or religion - for both israelis and 
        palestinians.
the 
        many masks and grinning skulls of multiculturalism
multicultralism wears many masks. it pretends 
        to stand for: tolerance, diversity, defending the underdog, redressing 
        past wrongs, progressive thinking, justice, anti-racism, an open 
        society, human values, empowerment. but in reality it creates a culture 
        of intimidation and intolerance; obliterates judgement, values and 
        virtue; brings people down to a lowest common denominator; creates 
        victims out of the very people it purports to help; creates a new class 
        of oppressors; replaces individualism with tribalism. of course, apart 
        from all that it's a great idea.
national 
        missile defense and the american alliance topics covered include: america's past posture of 'purposeful 
        vulnerability'. ronald reagan's "star wars" speech. rogue states now 
        developing advanced missile capabilities. arms control "theology". 
        chinese "vociferous" opposition to nmd - and what it really means. new 
        chinese missiles look very much like the american ones - why? china's 
        "energetic upgrade" of its offensive capabilities.
understanding 
        good and bad investment philosophiestopics 
        covered include: the contrasting views of keynes (who was friendly with 
        hayek it seems). methodological individualism. the practical problems of 
        government controlling economic activity. social justice. why market 
        forecasters get it wrong so often. the decision in the 1930's to opt for 
        market intervention when a "hands off" policy would have been better. 
        chris leithner's experience in lecturing to up and coming public 
        servants. the notion that the government must provide the money and the 
        answers. the latest fad: "ethical investment".
a 
        palestinian state? but why?topics covered 
        include: how an emphasis on the peace 'process' has allowed israel to 
        ignore the obvious bad character and violent track record of someone 
        like yassar arafat. anyway, what is a palestinian state? will it be free 
        and democratic or just another little authoritarian outpost? is there 
        any point at all for having a palestine? why have the israelis gone 
        along with this idea? wouldn't an arab living in israel actually be 
        freer than an arab living in the proposed palestine?
coercion 
        and human consciousnessin the 17th 
        century, john locke identified the fact that using force to get one's 
        way degraded, not just the victim, but the wielder of the force. in the 
        20th century, ayn rand identified the connection between coercion and 
        mental paralysis - "force and mind are opposites" - and went on to 
        identify the sort of social system most conducive to human consciousness 
        - laissez faire capitalism.
social 
        security: a sacred cow of a systemtopics 
        covered include: the history of social security and its german and 
        marxist roots. ss as an instrument of egalitarianism. comparing america, 
        europe, and australia. the big mistake of the 1935 great depression. the 
        'salsman plan'. the moral issue of compulsorily funding government ss. 
        comparisons with privately run retirement and superannuation systems. 
        the effect on savings. welfare spending. work-for-the dole. minimum 
        wages.
disposing of 
        the indispensible: destroying private property100,000,000 acres - 30% - of america is now owned by the federal 
        government. cara (the conservation & reinvestment act) makes 
        billions of taxpayers' dollars available to buy out private property and 
        maintain it as 'pristine wilderness' - i.e. free of human intervention. 
        since that day twelve years ago, when erich veyhl happened to notice an 
        article in the boston globe showing how the national parks service 
        planned to designate his property as part of a national park, he has 
        been fighting at the moral and practical level to protect his and 
        others' property rights.
how 
        government funding of the arts kills leadership and creativity
do the arts actually need government funding? 
        arguments used to defend funding such as - providing community access, 
        it's too important to be left in private hands, necessary to shape 
        national identity, countries like australia are too small to succeed 
        without it, etc. the historic development of arts funding. shifting the 
        focus from creativity towards pleasing funding bodies. the importance of 
        individual passion and how creative types are undercut by the funding 
        regime.
understanding 
        drug use - part 1: from the viewpoint of users two 'recreational users talk about: their favorite drugs. why 
        they use them. the experience of using each drug. how they started. the 
        notion of escapism and comparing different types of 'recreational' 
        escapism with using drugs like: travel, fishing, going to disneyland, 
        seeing a movie. the use of drugs for 'enhancement' and celebration. 
        telling reality from fantasy. can drugs enhance creativity? their views 
        on using drugs safely, like checking the quality, buying from trusted 
        suppliers. and much more.
understanding 
        drug use - part 2: can drug use ever be rational?topics covered include: can there be a safe use of drugs? would 
        there be anything wrong with invoking pleasure, confidence, ecstasy by 
        direct stimulation of the brain? the cause-and-effect connection between 
        emotions, values, action. the issue of escapism, recreation and fun. 
        using drugs to deal or alter feelings. can 'cocaine confidence' be 
        transferred to everyday life? achieving the virtue of independence. 
        emotions as a reward for achieving values. emotions as signals that 
        guide us. can one be better off in any way by using drugs? given the 
        potential life offers is drug use selfish enough?
so you want to be a 
        spy?what personal attributes does a spy 
        agency look for. the kind of training they receive. comparing the 
        differences in being a spy in china, singapore, and the usa. recruiting 
        traitors. the difficulties in dealing with double agents and individuals 
        who might be monitored by counter intelligence services. why he 
        defected. also, what is happening in russia today and the problems with 
        the putin regime.
benevolence versus 
        altruismthe connection between rational 
        self-interest and goodwill. the importance of pursuing your own 
        happiness. the malevolence and destruction which inevitably follows from 
        practicing altruism. altruism's bloody reign of hate and violence - from 
        christianity to marxism, from eastern religion to tribalism. is ayn rand 
        and objectivism opposed to helping others? rand's revolution in ethics. 
        how altruism can affect our daily decision making. what rational 
        selfishness is not. helping loved ones, friends, strangers - why and on 
        what basis. the 'help = sacrifice' package deal and 
        fallacy.
defending 
        the forest industry against the greens and themselves
eighty year old, retired forester, tom brabin, 
        is still active in fighting green lies and anti-industry propaganda. 
        unfortunately, the forest industry is busily self-destructing. they 
        refuse to recognize what they're actually up against. "the greens never 
        give in", says brabin. in contrast, the industry keeps doing 'deals', 
        making compromises and beating around the bush (pardon the pun). tom 
        brabin was head the victorian association of forest industries from 1962 
        - 1982.
s11 brazenly embraces 
        violence against dissent"shutdown the 
        world economic forum!" that is the express goal of the s11, a network of 
        organizations and demonstrators who are protesting outside melbourne's 
        crown casino complex and the melbourne exhibition buildings. business 
        leaders, including bill gates, along with political leaders have 
        gathered in melbourne for three days to discuss international trade. s11 
        is not planning just to object to their meeting. it plans to prevent it 
        from taking place. the demonstrators have formed human chains around the 
        entrances to crown and are preventing anyone from entering the building. 
        mario tried to enter the building earlier and was grabbed by several 
        protestors, and pushed back forcefully. when he said he had to enter to 
        go to work he was told no-one is coming in today, "take the day off, you 
        don't have to go to work today."
how the boston globe 
        purged jeff jacobyeff jacoby talks about 
        how he was recently suspended by the boston globe, and invited to 
        resign, for "serious journalistic misconduct". it was alleged that his 
        article on the fate which befell the signers of the declaration of 
        independence did not attribute its sources and amounted to plagiarism. 
        wrong. he used information and some expressions which were in the public 
        domain - the story was a well known historical retelling. a closer 
        examination, to me, suggests that, as the globe's only non left 
        columnists, he has been singled out for special 
treatment.
what exactly is coca 
        cola?coca cola was invented in 1886. today 
        it is the most recognizable product brand on the face of the earth. even 
        if you don't drink it you know what coke is. ok, so what is it? not just 
        a drink! coca cola has been designed as a complete sensory experience. 
        in rumania coke was viewed as a mysterious 'symbol of the free world'. 
        also covered: approaches to sponsorship, the reinvention of santa claus, 
        principles of marketing and advertising, the ingredients of coke's 
        success, packaging and distribution, maintaining leadership, identifying 
        with lifestyles, finding a unique place in the consumer's consciousness, 
        remaining dynamic all these years, and lots more.
cathy freeman runs 
        with the 'sorry' packgreatly admired, 
        part-aboriginal, australian olympic runner, cathy freeman, recently made 
        headlines across australia and internationally when she claimed that her 
        grandmother had been removed from her parents "because she had fair 
        skin". a few years ago sir ronald wilson compiled a report called 
        bringing them home based on interviews with mixed race aboriginals who 
        claimed they had been forcibly removed from their families as part of a 
        'social engineering' program. it is claimed that they are part of 'the 
        stolen generation'. the only problem seems to be that evidence of a 
        'stolen generation' cannot be found.
de bono method: 
        creative harvestingas well as using formal 
        lateral thinking methods like 'po' to generate a quantity of diverse 
        ideas, we also need to develop the skill of 'harvesting' our thinking. 
        stopping only at the wiz-bang ideas means that we miss some valuable 
        creative products which we've come up with but haven't identified. 
        during this session we show how to: extract and pull back concepts which 
        can be applied to other fields, identify seedling ideas, define new 
        focus points and starting points, examine how our thinking might have 
        shifted from one perspective to another.
genetic 
        engineering and the seinfeld effectthe gm 
        food scare campaign is a 'big show about nothing'. that's what i call 
        the seinfeld effect. a recent study has shown that the general public 
        does not find gm foods as terrifying as the greenies do. the anti-gm 
        food lobby seems to be trying to scream the facts into submission. but 
        the more consumers know about gm foods the more positive they are about 
        it.
the rational radio 
        connectionthree of the world's four 
        objectivist (ayn rand) radio presenters get together. they compare notes 
        and discuss: why objectivists make good communicators, why altruism is 
        anti-fun, the objectivist method of being anchored to reality. 
        open-minded versus active-minded. emotions. taking ideas seriously - 
        even passionately. having a positive, benevolent outlook on life. how 
        treating your audience as individuals with free will avoids cynicism. 
        having a sort of 'crusading spirit'.
contrasting theory 
        of elementary waves with standard quantum and 
        relativity"in 1996 the physicist lewis 
        little published his paper the theory of elementary waves. for 
        the first time since planck's quanta in 1900, a rational basis for 
        quantum mechanics has been established," says stephen speicher, who 
        joins the creator of this revolutionary new theory at prodos.com to 
        discuss the radical concepts involved with two prominent advocates of 
        the standard theory. a historic moment!

don't miss the 
        updates!subscribe to theprodos bulletin now!click 
        here!
prodos projects & 
services.discussion and study lists,campaigns and websites.get 
involved! subscribe!help out! join up! let's go!



celebrate 
      capitalism™join the global campaign! 
      worldwide rallies, concerts, debates, awards, street parties, workshops, 
      fun and festivities! december 01, 2002 - show your support for free trade, 
      profit, business, prosperity, individual rights, "globalization", private 
      property, free speech, creativity and innovation. in other words: 
      capitalism. organise a walk to celebrate capitalism™ for your city! or 
      sign up as a volunteer. we need your help. we welcome your 
      ideas.physics: theory of elementary 
      wavesmoderated discussion and study list. study 
      and discuss the revolution in physics! dr lewis little's theory 
      of elementary waves: a cause- and- effect, deterministic model of 
      quantum and relativity phenomena that rejects all the 'spooky' stuff of 
      modern physics. archives available for viewing. non-physicists also 
      welcome. lewis little and stephen speicher are active members. moderated 
      by prodos.browse discussion list archivesencyclopedia of creative heroesnominate 
      who you think should be included in the encyclopedia of creative heroes. 
      which great artists, scientists, inventors, entrepreneurs, performers, 
      composers, movie makers, sculptors, etc. demonstrate the connection 
      between human creativity and freedom? that the closer a culture approaches 
      "capitalist" type ideals the more prolific, productive, positive, 
      original, and well off are its creative individuals.celebrate 
      selfforum for sharing success stories, learning 
      about heroism and practical philosophy, and getting daily inspiration to 
      achieve mental, physical, and moral excellence. based on the ideas of 
      heart of a pagan, a novel by objectivist philosopher, andrew 
      bernstein. you don't need to have read the novel (but you'll love it if 
      you do!) or to be an objectivist to join and benefit from this 
      list.artists celebrate 
      capitalism™project list promoting and developing 
      local and worldwide collaborations and new projects with pro capitalism 
      artists from all fields (painters, film makers, sculptors, dancers, 
      choreographers, playwrights, novelists, story tellers, acrobats, 
      photographers, poets, songwriters, singers, rockers, illustrators, theater 
      directors, musicians, etc.) the 
      "big 7" discover projects:

discover ayn rand
discover ludwig von mises
discover thomas jefferson & the founding 
        fathers
discover frederic bastiat
discover john locke
discover aristotle
discover adam smithisrael 
      campaignactivist campaign. join the israel 
      campaign task force. promoting a free, prosperous, strong israel as 
      indispensible to achieving peace in the middle east and winning the war on 
      terrorism. opposed to "land for peace." opposed to establishment of a 
      palestinian state (as it will be authoritarian in nature.) for promoting 
      capitalist ideals. supports "disproportionate" response to terrorist 
      attacks.science and technology
moderated discussion group. non scientists welcome. students 
      welcome. read about and discuss new developments and latest research. 
      request or present straightforward explanations of science and technology 
      facts, theories, methods, and research. enjoy the history and the heroes 
      of science, technology, invention, mathematics. examine how scientists and 
      technologists think, their work, how they approach it, their creativity, 
      curiousity and drive. help promote appreciation and support of science and 
      technology. american 
      idealsmoderated discussion list. discuss, study, 
      celebrate the principles of america's founding fathers. life, liberty, and 
      the pursuit of happiness. fighting for individual rights and rational 
      values. the ideas of john locke, thomas jefferson, ayn rand.browse 
      americanideals archivesconstructive 
      thinking email tutorial list. free internet 
      tutorials on "lateral thinking" and the creative methods of edward de 
      bono. enrol now! study directly with prodos, one of the world's most 
      skilled and dedicated coaches. archives available for viewing.constructive 
      thinking list archives cuba 
      campaigncampaign website. regular reports from 
      dissidents and human rights activists from within cuba. promoting freedom 
      and prosperity, exposing corruption and human rights abuse. seeking elian 
      project.prodos (moderated) chat 
      roomscheduled live chat meetings. or just meet to 
      exchange ideas.prodos bulletin register now! don't miss out 
      on prodos updates. click here and subscribe. be first to be informed of: 
      latest interviews & articles, new projects & services, campaigns, 
      special events. 
ayn, 
rand, objectivism, objectivist, australia, australian, philosophy, capitalism, 
liberty, freedom, justice, libertarian, conservative, radio, internet, news, 
international, media, lateral, thinking, de bono, creative, reason, invention, 
innovation, rational, logic, ideas, learn, education, science, technology, 
physics, elementary waves, global warming, quantum, relativity, rights, 
individual, racism, altruism, ethics, morality, activism, environment, poverty, 
selfishness, self, interest, communism, discussion, list, money, economics, 
privatization, deregulation, von mises, austrian, locke, constitution, bill of, 
business, globalization, free, trade, wealth, enterprise, melbourne, art, 
movies, literature, music, books, hollywood, musicals, sexuality, sex, romance, 
reviews, theater, songs, adventure, america, united states, usa, enlightenment, 
prodosayn, rand, objectivism, objectivist, australia, 
australian, philosophy, capitalism, liberty, freedom, justice, libertarian, 
conservative, radio, internet, news, international, media, lateral, thinking, de 
bono, creative, reason, invention, innovation, rational, logic, ideas, learn, 
education, science, technology, physics, elementary waves, global warming, 
quantum, relativity, rights, individual, racism, altruism, ethics, morality, 
activism, environment, poverty, selfishness, self, interest, communism, 
discussion, list, money, economics, privatization, deregulation, von mises, 
austrian, locke, constitution, bill of, business, globalization, free, trade, 
wealth, enterprise, melbourne, art, movies, literature, music, books, hollywood, 
musicals, sexuality, sex, romance, reviews, theater, songs, adventure, america, 
united states, usa, enlightenment, prodosayn, rand, objectivism, 
objectivist, australia, australian, philosophy, capitalism, liberty, freedom, 
justice, libertarian, conservative, radio, internet, news, international, media, 
lateral, thinking, de bono, creative, reason, invention, innovation, rational, 
logic, ideas, learn, education, science, technology, physics, elementary waves, 
global warming, quantum, relativity, rights, individual, racism, altruism, 
ethics, morality, activism, environment, poverty, selfishness, self, interest, 
communism, discussion, list, money, economics, privatization, deregulation, von 
mises, austrian, locke, constitution, bill of, business, globalization, free, 
trade, wealth, enterprise, melbourne, art, movies, literature, music, books, 
hollywood, musicals, sexuality, sex, romance, reviews, theater, songs, 
adventure, america, united states, usa, enlightenment, prodosayn, rand, 
objectivism, objectivist, australia, australian, philosophy, capitalism, 
liberty, freedom, justice, libertarian, conservative, radio, internet, news, 
international, media, lateral, thinking, de bono, creative, reason, invention, 
innovation, rational, logic, ideas, learn, education, science, technology, 
physics, elementary waves, global warming, quantum, relativity, rights, 
individual, racism, altruism, ethics, morality, activism, environment, poverty, 
selfishness, self, interest, communism, discussion, list, money, economics, 
privatization, deregulation, von mises, austrian, locke, constitution, bill of, 
business, globalization, free, trade, wealth, enterprise, melbourne, art, 
movies, literature, music, books, hollywood, musicals, sexuality, sex, romance, 
reviews, theater, songs, adventure, america, united states, usa, enlightenment, 
prodos
prodos.com and the prodos 
institute. po box 2165, richmond south vic 3121, 
australia.phone/fax: + 613 9428 1234. internet phone: http://prodos.com/phone.email: prodos@prodos.org 


