




rodizio grill | brazilian steakhouse restaurant | best restaurants | rodiziogrill.com
































































skip to content










toggle navigation













locations
menu
gift cards
group events
club rodizio
contact







instagram link


facebook link


twitter link


youtube link




book a table



















book a table
select location

reserve now online
call to book table









book a table




















as ambassadors of brazilwe welcome you
experience the authenticity of america's first brazilian steakhouse™ restaurant. as ambassadors of brazil, we welcome you to our home and invite you to celebrate with us the warmth, alegria and abundance of rodizio grill’s authentic brazilian dining experience.  araucaria, brazilian pine trees, native to southern brazil
our locations






indulge in authenticbrazilian cuisine
guests will enjoy authentic brazilian side dishes, endless trips to the gourmet salad bar marked by original salads, fresh seasonal fruits and vegetables, and over a dozen rotisserie-grilled meats carved tableside by rodizio “gauchos” (meat servers).







enjoy a uniquedining experience
rodizio grill brazilian steakhouse offers guests an authentic brazilian dining experience where guests are immersed in the flavors, sights and sounds of southern brazil.







join our team!
find open jobs








our locations

find one near you








explore our menu
while the endless rotisserie-grilled meats are the main attraction, they are complemented with an award-winning gourmet salad bar, authentic hot side dishes, fresh-pressed juices, homemade brazilian limeades, signature cocktails and a selection of exclusive, homemade brazilian desserts. the whole experience comes at a competitive, affordable price so the whole family can celebrate together.

grill
gourmet salads
hot side dishes
desserts
specialty drinks
brazilian wine & beer







join club rodizio
we want to celebrate you! join club rodizio today, and we'll send you a special birthday gift and a complimentary drink just for joining, plus exclusive member discounts from your favorite location.

sign up









next page section













club rodiziojoin the club!
enjoy a free gift on your birthday and a complimentary signature beverage upon joining, plus special offers and events exclusive to club rodizio members.
sign up
























































history


community


franchising


privacy & terms
















web accessibility


latest news


careers


sitemap








©  rodizio grill. all rights reserved.
 website design by vizergy





instagram link


facebook link


twitter link


youtube link





















