








what is safe driving? - cars and safety











































skip to content




cars and safety
everything that moves quickly are dangerous











search for:
























for beginners
instructions
winter driving
female drivers
privacy policy















achieving road safety: key defensive driving skills for new drivers











off-roading essentials: a guide to 10 basic off-roading tips











what is considered normal mileage for a used car











how to choose your first car: advice for the beginner











what to pay attention to when choosing a tire fitting...











diy chip tuning: is it worth doing and what are...











7 safety tips for beginners driving used cars











why is safety so important while buying a used car?











top 10 tips for keeping your car in top shape











5 tips for upgrading your car stereo system











what is safe driving? 

 

to drive a car well, you must drive it regularly – to maintain skills. 
driving around the city, especially when there is a lot of traffic, causes some drivers, especially beginners, to feel insecure while driving. knowing the rules of the road is not the only way to avoid fear. it is necessary to prepare the car before driving on city streets. knowing that the car is okay will give you more confidence while driving.
in order to ensure safe driving in the city, the advice of experienced drivers will be just an indispensable guide. how to prepare the car for driving into the city?


wipe down the glass, headlights, check the setting of the rear-view mirrors, side mirrors. remember, the safety of road users depends a lot on a properly adjusted mirror view.
adjust the driver’s seat – you should be as comfortable and comfortable as possible.
check the fluid level in the car, replace it in a timely manner. pay particular attention to:



motor oil;
antifreeze, cooling the car from overheating;
transmission fluid that is used for the gearbox;
brake fluid;
fluid in the power steering wheel.



think about the route in advance, especially if this is your first driving in the city.
understanding the features of the road, knowledge of the road map of intersections will minimize difficult situations, avoid unforeseen maneuvers, difficult parking, etc.
warm up the engine – 2-3 minutes is enough and you can drive. before leaving, be sure to buckle up and ask your passengers about it.


we work with
























5 essential car safety tips
achieving road safety: key defensive driving skills for new driversdefensive driving is an anticipatory method that stresses the importance of security and attentiveness to prevent potential road accidents. it comprises staying observant, retaining a secure space between vehicles, and identifying possible risks before they manifest. while it’s common to think of defensive driving merely as adhering to traffic regulations, it indeed transcends that. the… read more: achieving road safety: key defensive driving skills for new drivers
off-roading essentials: a guide to 10 basic off-roading tipsoff-roading involves navigating and driving on unpaved terrains, requiring not only a robust vehicle but also a set of unique driving skills. the allure of off-roading lies in the thrill of traversing unfamiliar terrain, discovering scenic landscapes, and overcoming challenging obstacles. but as exciting as it may sound, it comes with its share of risks… read more: off-roading essentials: a guide to 10 basic off-roading tips
 






search for:



 

about it is the inherent fact that a car has a speed that makes it dangerous by default. that is why, with the first turn of the wheel, you become dangerous while driving.


so if you think about it, it turns out that drivers are misinformed when they say words like: "police officers ensure road safety." not because they do their job poorly, but because the words "safety" and "driving" initially contradict each other. and the words “if you comply with traffic rules, then you are safe” are frankly misleading.


there is no safe driving, there is driving without unjushed risk. but risk is always!


therefore, i repeat, the main task of the driver on the way to the so-called safety while driving is risk reduction. this is the foundation of the anglo-american concept of safe driving "defensive driving" or defensive driving. you just need to avoid unnecessary, unjustified risk, and constantly monitor its level. or, if we are talking about, say, the drivers of the operational police force, it will no longer be possible to reduce the risks due to the specifics of their work. in such cases, all that remains is to take risks and understand the level of risk. if you walk along the edge of an abyss, you should know what awaits you below ...







recent












achieving road safety: key defensive driving skills for new drivers













off-roading essentials: a guide to 10 basic off-roading tips













what is considered normal mileage for a used car













how to choose your first car: advice for the beginner













what to pay attention to when choosing a tire fitting...













diy chip tuning: is it worth doing and what are...
















subscribe us for the latest news

be the first to find out about all of the programs you need



email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human:  








copyright all rights reserved
 | 
            			the words - by themesarray.    	           



















