




fleur-de-lis designs - custom crests, logos, and coats of arms design services











































  















 









custom crests and logos
families, businesses, schools, religious leaders, and more!
create a new tradition,
                        or revive an old one.
                        symbols are a powerful way 
                        to make a great impression. 

see more









distinctive designs
select symbols to represent your
                        core values, background, and interests.

see more








heraldry expertise
we have 25-plus years of experience and an extensive research library.







international scope
we have satisfied customers from regions throughout the world, from austria and australia to india, the united kingdom, africa, france, thailand, norway, 
                      japan, germany, canada, switzerland, the united states, and many more...








historical art
we can recreate older images.
your new design will be
                        vector art with unlimited resolution!
see more




















create your custom coat of arms, crest, or logo, today.
select a style, some symbols and colors, perhaps a motto, then let us take it from there.









some of our recent projects






   

family legacy
start a new tradition.





   

school crest
inspire a new generation.





   

special occasion
celebrate a union of families.





   

ecclesiastical heraldry
for religious leaders and churches.





   

business logo
a classy image for any business.





   

religious leaders
logos show symbols of faith.





   

fraternities & sororities
fraternal societies observe traditions.





   

a distinctive house name
every home should have a crest!





   

modern style logo
powerful symbols, bold colors.





   

historical coats of arms
we can recreate them in vector art.














we will create a personalized family, business, religious, or school design just for you. for crests, coats of arms, and logos, three levels of service are available: basic, deluxe, and premium. the cost depends upon the level of complexity and the amount of original artwork required, which is entirely up to you.
place a custom design order


inquire now 








 

basic, deluxe & premium designs
existing or original artwork? simple or complex?
our custom-designed coats of arms and crests are created to your specifications.  give us as much guidance as you can, then let us create something that will represent you, your family, your church, your school, your business --  whatever your need might be.  we have more than 40 years of experience in heraldic art and logo design, and we love to combine the two!


 

web site design
a good web site will help promote your products and services.
the cost depends upon the number of pages and functions your site will require. tell us what you have in mind, and we'll provide an estimate.
we will create a unique web presence for you -- not just a cookie-cutter site.  our sites are visually appealing on tablets and phones as well as laptops and large screens.  


 

other graphic design services
tell us what you need!
we also offer traditional graphic design services such as t-shirt designs, posters, book covers, signs, flyers, brochures -- practically any type of art you might need. just use the contact form to describe your needs, and we'll get back to you with more information and an estimate.  we have a special knack for "guess the number of hidden objects" posters!












how does it work?

 watch a short video explaining our ordering process
we can do it step-by-step using our extensive library of heraldry artwork, or you can send us a draft design or historical artwork via e-mail. 
 examples for different price packages!



heraldry links



  about heraldry  

 a brief history of heraldry
 much ado about azure
 parts of a coat of arms
 there's no such thing as a family crest



  design choices  

 mantlings
 shields
 helmets
 crowns
 banners
 supporters



  symbolism in heraldry  

 index of common heraldic symbols
 what does it mean if my coat of arms has a boar's head?






testimonials



 

"i'd just like to say how pleased i am with your design and art work. very wonderful work and great to do business with you."
rex


 

"thanks for your outstanding work on our family crest. you were able to take my ramblings and assemble them into a work of art that will be enjoyed by my family for decades!"
jennifer


 

"julia at fleur-de-lis designs has been wonderfully creative developing and updating both of my web sites since 2013."
jeff h.manager, unlimited home solutions, llc




    





















fleur-de-lis designs
established in 1995 
             
              terms of use 
              privacy notice 

search our site:







request a quote
we'll be happy to provide 
            an estimate. just use the 
            "contact us" or "send files" links.

contact us
send files
place an order



portfolio
various categories
family crests
business crests and logos
ecclesiastical heraldry
school crests
new designs




 1607 agawela avenue
              knoxville tn 37919
              usa 

              phone: 865-371-8371 

1782 clients and counting...








 copyright â© 2024 fleurdelis.com   all rights reserved. 
  design by 
  fleur-de-lis designs.















