



covering kids & families









note: as of july 1, 2007, covering kids & families has closed. for current information about the uninsured in america, please visit rwjf coverage.


 
robert wood johnson foundation :: cover the uninsured week
 



 














home
about ckf
policy center
what you can do
press room
communications action center
promising strategies
materials & downloads
materiales en español





you and your children may be eligible for low-cost or free health insurance! programs exist in every state and the district of columbia. for information about low-cost and free children's health coverage, visit insurekidsnow.gov. for information on coverage for adults, read the guides to finding health insurance coverage in your state from cover the uninsured.






new mexico - new mexico covering kidspartnering with a utility company to reach out to its customersread more





covering kids & families is no longer open to subscribers. please visit covertheuninsured.org to sign up for e-mail updates on the issue of the uninsured.




please visit covertheuninsured.org
the covering kids & families initiative was the nation's single largest effort to reduce the number of eligible but uninsured children and adults through enrollment in medicaid and the state children's health insurance program (schip).
from 2000 through 2007, covering kids & families grantees in all 50 states and the district of columbia worked at the state level to simplify the medicaid and schip application process, coordinate rules governing the administration of public programs, and conduct outreach to enroll eligible families in these programs.  through this work, they helped reduce the number of uninsured children by more that 2 million since the schip program began.
the covering kids & families initiative has come to an end, but the robert wood johnson foundation is proud to continue its efforts to get america’s kids covered through cover the uninsured, the nation’s largest mobilization to find solutions for america’s uninsured. for more information, and to access the many tools, templates and resources previously available on this web site, please visit covertheuninsured.org.  if you're looking for the national program office of covering kids & families, the southern institute on children and families, please visit www.thesoutherninstitute.org.











attention former ckf grantees
interested in joining the national covering kids & families network? learn more and fill out a membership form today!
schip reauthorization
visit covertheuninsured.org to get the latest on the reauthorization of the state children's health insurance program (schip), how you can help enroll eligible children, and much more.
communications action centervisit our new action center, your one-stop shop to plan communications and outreach efforts in your community.
new report available from the southern institute on children and families!
covering kids & families: promising practices from the nation's single largest effort to insure eligible children and adults through public health coverage. download the report.














order free materials from the covering kids & families communications team to assist your efforts.
preview materials












about ckf :: 
policy center :: 
what you can do :: 
press room :: 
communications action center
promising strategies :: 
materials & downloads :: 
materiales en español









