













browse houses for sale in queens ny | energized realty group





































































718.353.6001


info(at)energizedrealtygroup(dotted)com 



















 









 



	get social: 
	facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
 






main content





slideshow

	“it’s not just our business, it’s our neighborhood”
 








        welcome
        about judy

(residential real estate advisor/success coach)

            after nearly 40 years leading the energized realty group, i achieved my goal of becoming world famous in the "small town" of northeast queens. today, i continue to provide honest, accurate, and confidential real estate advice to those who seek it with one vital difference. 
as an ambassador of goodwill, i provide this for free.


            why, you may ask? this is my way of giving back to the community that for so many years gave me so much. you helped me reach my goals, and i want to continue to help you reach yours.

            i never imagined that after i announced my "retirement," the outpouring of requests for advice would awaken me to the possibility that i could continue to serve you in a meaningful way.
        


            through 'the energized realtor’s real estate advisory', i continue to:
        

✔ remain ardently on top of the local market.
✔ determine precisely how these conditions impact your goals.
✔ design a plan and help you find the right professional partner to meet your real estate objectives.
✔ continue to exceed your real estate experience expectations.
        

            this means staying indelibly focused on your timing and concerns, advising you on everything from recommended low-cost pre-sale improvements to overseeing, negotiating, and managing these projects. i also counsel you on which questions you should ask any realtor you're considering and clearly explain what they must do to fulfill their fiduciary duty to you. 

this is no joke; most people do not expect enough of their realtors.


            by connecting with a carefully selected partner, analyzing the market together, and personalizing my vvips' experience, i have the unique ability to leverage your position when selling your home. i stay involved throughout the entire process, ensuring that every detail is meticulously handled to your satisfaction.
        

            i have nothing to lose by giving you the truth because i have nothing to gain financially.
        

            so "what do you gain?" you might be wondering., everything—goodwill, gratitude, respect, and more—everything that truly matters.





qualifications

almost 40 years of full-time real estate experience and over 4,000 families happily moved
respected speaker on negotiation, branding, and marketing for local, state and national professional organizations
interviewed by top publications on the real estate economy of north queens
consistently ranked by the wall street journal in the top 100 real estate teams nationwide
former nys court appointed realtor
experienced real estate advisor providing strategic insights and expert advice
dedicated success coach mentoring aspiring real estate professionals
a lifetime career selling north queens homes

find out more


something personal
when i am not consulting my vvips', negotiating on their behalf, or enjoying the company of my 26-year-old daughter, jolie, or 14-year-old havanese, fidel, i am teaching yoga to professionals in high-stress positions—like real estate. my personal journey with yoga has been an essential part of creating balance and mindfulness throughout all facets of my life. i understand firsthand the pressures that come with an active career and yoga has provided me with tools to manage them while enhancing my patience and focus. this perspective not only benefits my personal well-being, it also translates into more effective and harmonious business practices, which i share with my clients and peers.

 



    meet
    our team







 







blogs













what i learned in bali and what it taught me about real estate.
the richness of balinese culture: the balinese people are rich—not in monetary wealth but in virtually every other way imaginable. faith and family are the pillars of their culture. i was struck...



read more











what's judy been up to?
last march marked a significant shift in my career path. i decided to reshape my real estate practice, closing my office and leasing out my building to an unaffiliated entity, embarking on...



read more











judy ❤️'s her community, and that means you!
spring cleaning alert! got papers that need shredding, or canned goods that need donating? gather all of your old, confidential documents that are piling up in your home (up to 3 file...



read more











save the date - it's our spring cleaning event!
before i begin this blog, i invite you to start gathering your unwanted and old documents to be securely and professionally shredded by shred it. while you're at it, make room in...



read more











the big six zero
then   now i turn 60 tomorrow! pause, breathe, reflect and revel. i chose the right career almost 4 decades ago. we teach our children that if they choose a vocation that...



read more














view all blogs








 




	our client
	reviews









						“judy and her energized realty group team are the definition of "full service". i was very happy with their handling of the sale of my late mother's house in our first meeting and walk through, judy looked past the 45 years of accumulated clutter to see the full potential of the property. judy made astute“
						- mark11746


						“highly professional, efficient and caring in all aspects of the sale. strongly recommended!“
						- michael siegal


						“when the time came for us to sell our house, the first and only call we made to a realtor was to judy markowitz of energized realty group. we would not hesitate to recommend judy to anyone looking for a realtor. we have known judy for over 24 years when she helped us sell our“
						- james s.






read more



 



neighborhoods









flushing




                                the top 3 things that the energized realty group loves about flushing, ny are its cultural diversity, fast and convenient public transportation into manhattan, and beautiful public parks. zip codes include 11358, 11354 and 11355. 

                            




bayside




                                we love bayside, ny for its wide variety of dining and nightlife options, breathtaking waterfront and local shopping experiences. the zip codes include 11360, 11361, and 11364.

                            




whitestone




                                whitestone, ny is notable for its sense of community, old world charm and impressive architecture. the zip code is 11357.

                            






              we also service the following queens neighborhoods:
            




college point
oakland gardens
fresh meadows
astoria
malba
cambria heights
beechhurst
floral park
auburndale
bellerose
murray hill







flushing




                                the top 3 things that the energized realty group loves about flushing, ny are its cultural diversity, fast and convenient public transportation into manhattan, and beautiful public parks. zip codes include 11358, 11354 and 11355. 

                            




bayside




                                we love bayside, ny for its wide variety of dining and nightlife options, breathtaking waterfront and local shopping experiences. the zip codes include 11360, 11361, and 11364.

                            




whitestone




                                whitestone, ny is notable for its sense of community, old world charm and impressive architecture. the zip code is 11357.

                            






              we also service the following queens neighborhoods:
            




college point
oakland gardens
fresh meadows
astoria
malba
cambria heights
beechhurst
floral park
auburndale
bellerose
murray hill





view more
 





contact me

    as your dedicated residential real estate advisor,
    i'm here to offer you complimentary, impartial, and sincere advice on all things real estate.






judy markowitz
broker/owner
energized realty group
33-44 167 street
flushing, ny 11358
718.353.6001
judy(at)energizedrealtygroup(dotted)com

 



 









choose side:first name  last name  your phone 
your email message

 
















 





 


standard operating procedure

								© 2025 judy markowitz. all rights reserved. sitemap. real estate website design by agent image 






 






















