










snap - jorns and associates












































































 























jorns and associates business stimulus experts 








 
 

























erc funding can be complicated. we can help. 



 get up to $26,000 per employee
in stimulus funding. 



 






find out if you qualify















 


1
+

businesses reached












1
+

credits recovered












1
+

employees qualified













step 1 



fill out registration form 







step 2 



fill out engagement letter 







step 3 



get qualified 















erc registration 









legal business name *







company name *







first name *







last name *







email address *







phone number *







address line 1 *







address line 2 *







city *







state *







postal code *







country *



select country
united states
puerto rico





referral id *







did you have at least 5 full-time w2 employees in 2019?*


 yes
                         no
                    



did you have more than 500 full-time w2 employees in 2019?*


 yes
                         no
                    



have you filed for erc for either 2020 or 2021?*


 yes
                         no
                    






continue







 















the employee retention credit 



covid-19 has been a challenge for all of us. as the world shut down the economy came to a halt, leaving the future of many businesses in a precarious position. as we begin to find normalcy again, businesses now have to focus on recovering and fortunately, several government programs are easing this process.one such program is the employee retention credit or erc, which is a generous stimulus program designed to bolster those businesses that were able to retain their employees during this challenging time. due to the extremely complex tax code and qualifications, it is severely underutilized.  







- up to $26,000 per employee
 



- available for 2020 & q1 - q3 2021 



- qualify with decreased revenue or covid event 



- no limit on funding (erc is not a loan) 



- erc is a refundable tax credit 











why jorns & associates? 







dedicated to erc 



no need to be the guinea pig for your cpa. we average 10-20% more funding than a cpa not familiar with the program. 







erc program specialists 



our team strictly focuses on erc allowing us to be the experts and resulting in more funding for your business. 







audit protection included 



if you get audited,  we will supply all criteria and assist in responding to the irs. 











lightning fast results 



our streamlined process allow for faster results, which mean faster funding. 







maximum funding 



we evaluate your claim in every way possible to ensure we maximize your credit. 







professional support 



although our process is quick and painless, when you have questions we have answers with a dedicated team of erc support specialists.  















ready to get started?
 










begin qualifying















  







erc qualifications
 



while the general qualifications for the erc program seem simple, the interpretation of each qualification is very complex. our significant experience allows us to ensure we maximize any qualifications that may be available to your company.full or partial suspension of business operationsa government authority required partial or full shutdown of your business during 2020 or 2021. this includes your operations being limited by commerce, inability to travel, or restrictions of group meetingsgross receipts reductiongross receipt reduction criteria are different for 2020 and 2021 but are measured against the current quarter as compared to 2019 pre-covid amounts. 











happy clients 









 





 
"jorns are the experts when it comes to helping getting the erc. they do an excellent job walking you through the steps of what is needed for them to move forward, and make sure you’re approved before any additional steps are taken. they’re knowledgeable and take care of everything for you. i highly recommend you reach out to them and see how much they can obtain for you!"



- john














 






jorns was very diligent and detail-oriented walking us through the process of applying for and receiving employee retention tax credits even though our business had previously received a forgiven ppp loan. the team was able to quickly prepare accurate documents and got them prepared to send to the irs in a few days. 



- brad




















frequently asked questions 











 






do i have to repay the erc credit?

no. this is not a loan. it’s a refundable tax credit. when we file your erc claim we request a refund check for you.







how much do you charge?

our service charge is based on a percentage of the credit recovered. we calculate and provide our fee with our free analysis. since we are typically able to recover 10-20% more than someone less familiar with the program, our fee is very affordable. just like a good cpa, using the right team for this process pays for itself.







can't i just have my cpa file? why would i use jorns & associates?

of course. the challenge is the erc credit is taken on your payroll returns and not through your business income tax returns, which is what most cpa’s handle. because of this most cpa’s don’t process this credit, unless they process your payroll in house. this is also a big reason why this credit is so underutilized. since cpa’s don’t typically handle it and they are the tax experts, it has mostly fallen in a middle ground where few are able to effectively process the credit. interestingly, we receive a large portion of our clients from cpa’s.at jorns we have decades of payroll experience, which has allowed us to specifically focus to understanding and maximizing the erc program. in our experience we have found that due to the complexity (the erc tax code is over 200 pages) and time investment necessary to understand the erc program, very few are able to effectively maximize this sizeable credit for your business.







can i get erc funds if i already took the ppp?

yes. the taxpayer certainty and disaster tax relief act of 2020, enacted december 27, 2020, modified the erc credit rules. one of the modifications included allowing a company to have a ppp loan and still take advantage of the erc credit. however, you can’t use the same dollar for dollar funds. we take this into account when processing your erc credit.







my revenue went up in 2020, can i still qualify for the erc program?

yes! there are two possible qualifications for 2020: revenue reduction, or a “full or partial shutdown of your business due to covid-19”. specifically the irs describes this as “a government authority required partial or full shutdown of your business during 2020 or 2021. this includes your operations being limited by commerce, inability to travel or restrictions of group meetings.” below are several examples of qualifying events:
example 1: a restaurant must close or limit its on-site dining. such as having to close down every other table, due to covid-19 restrictions.
example 2: a business that needs to meet with clients in person and has to cancel meetings due to covid-19 restrictions.
example 3: a business has to reduce their operating hours because covid-19 restrictions and cleaning requirements.
example 4: a business had delayed production timelines caused by supply chain disruptions.
example 5: a business with a planned event has to cancel that event, or restrict the amount of people who can attend due to covid-19 restrictions.







is the erc credit taxable?

the erc credit is not considered income for federal income tax purposes, but you must reduce any deductible wage expenses by the amount of the credit. please provide the credit information to your cpa for tax purposes.

















will the erc funds run out?

this is not a lending program – tax refunds are issued by the us treasury. therefore, all eligible employers will receive the funds.







how will i make payment?

you can pay with a check, bank wire, or ach.







i'm getting more in erc credit than i paid in taxes?

remember that this program is taken according to payroll taxes paid, not on income taxes. erc funds not applied towards owed payroll taxes are treated as an ‘overdeposit’ of taxes that will be requested as a refund check from the irs.







as an owner do my wages, or the wages of any family member i employ qualify?

maybe. wages of owners who have majority ownership, defined as over 50%, do not qualify, nor do the w2 wages of any immediate family members of the owner. in the case an owner has less than 50% ownership, their w2 wages qualify, as do the w2 wages paid to immediate family members.







can i qualify for the erc if i'm self employed?

no, if you are majority owner (over 50%) of your company then your wages do not qualify.







how long does it take to get my erc credit?

this is how the process works: if you wish to move forward, you will sign the engagement agreement, select your desired payment option, and we will gather the data, run the calculations, build your qualification report,  and file your claim. once filed the irs is taking 3-5 months to issues checks below $200,000 per quarter and 7-10 months to issue checks that are above $200,000 per quarter.















did you watch the video?  







 















 







our hours 



9:00 am – 5:00 pm ctmonday – friday 











contact us 



email: support@jornscpa.comphone: 877-465-6767 







































© jorns and associates 2025 powered by wordpress • themify wordpress themes 







 
 









































