



welcome to lsue

























skip to main content




visit
mylsue
mycourses
apply
crime stats


 search  menu
search lsue.edu close  menu


 



skip to main content
bengals



visit
mylsue
mycourses
apply
crime stats
 search 

search lsue.edu close 




about
            

about






who we are

about lsue
contact campus resources
directions and campus maps
facts & figures
media center and news
request information
visiting 

our leadership

chancellor
board of supervisors
administration





employee hub

departments and resources
faculty senate
workday
workday resources 

our commitment

civil rights & title ix
lsue cares  

lsu across the state






baton rouge
alexandria
eunice
shreveport
pennington biomedical








agcenter
lsu health new orleans
lsu health shreveport











 








academics
            

academics






programs & information

academic calendar
academic catalog
explore majors
programs & certificates of study
registration guides
schedule of classes

 
academic offices

academic affairs
admissions office
university registrar      





divisions and departments

division of health sciences and business technology
department of health sciences
department of business technology


division of arts and sciences
department of liberal arts
department of science & mathematic







additional academic areas

dual enrollment and academy
library
lsue online
pathways to success
testing center
workforce & continuing education

 
 








admissions
            

admissions






why lsue?

why attend lsue?
lots of ways to get involved

 
questions on enrollment?

contact the outreach team

 




ready to apply?

apply now
admissions information

 
learn more

request information
schedule a visit
tuition and fees
estimated cost












paying for college
            

paying for college







tuition and fees
financial aid
payment plans
scholarships
estimated cost
request information





 











athletics
student resources
            








available resources

career services
campus safety / lsue police
civil rights and title ix
counseling services
disability services
financial aid
food pantry
lsue cares
student affairs
student financials
student success
ledoux library
technology
testing center
tutoring services
university registrar
veteran affairs





campus life

live




live on campus - residential life
campus activity board (cab)
campus dining
events calendar
university recreation


learn




campus bookstore
orientation
office of retention & student success



 
additional resources

academic calendar
choose a major
current student resources - getting started
final exam schedule
get scheduled / register today
registration guides
request a transcript
request information





get involved

how to do lsue
student organizations
student government
honor society

 









news
            









media center and news
events calendar
contact public affairs





 













donate

 
  close menu
 
pause video



the heart of the cajun prairie



 







                              join the lsue family
                              







become a bengal today.
join the ranks of a vibrant community of students and scholars collectively dedicated
                                    to help you explore your ambitions, pursue your dreams, or advance your career. lsue’s
                                    academic enterprise provides access to higher education for learners at every stage
                                    of life.
apply today







  








stay up to date with lsue

thank you for your interest in lsu eunice. sign up for our mailing list to get the
                              latest news and information around what is happening here on the cajun prairie!  

sign up now














explore lsue!


get registered for bengal day, which is our premiere campus showcase event where we
                                 show future students everything about being a student at lsue. come see the campus
                                 today, interact with current students, eat in the dining hall, and see if you would
                                 like to start your college journey as a bengal!  you can also check our our virtual
                                 tour or speak with an admissions counselor.

explore lsue














why lsue?  it's in the numbers!

lsu eunice is committed to you - actively accepting and processing applications for
                              admissions for the upcoming summer and fall semesters. contact an admissions counselor
                              at admissions@lsue.edu for more information.  if you're ready to apply, visit www.lsue.edu/apply.  

learn more about lsue












                           check out all of the opportunities
                           




lsu eunice's programs are widely respected in louisiana. whether it is one of the 25 different associate degree or certificate programs available or any of the
                                          more than 100 transfer programs available, lsu eunice has something for everyone.



lsu eunice's programs are widely respected in louisiana. whether it is one of the 25 different associate degree or certificate programs available or any of the
                                             more than 100 transfer programs available, lsu eunice has something for everyone.








explore our full list of majors to find the perfect fit for your goals!



explore our full list of majors to find the perfect fit for your goals!
a-z listing of majors






explore majors and minors by interest. select what you’d like to do after college
                                          and we’ll show you how lsue can get you there. 



explore majors and minors by interest. select what you’d like to do after college
                                             and we’ll show you how lsue can get you there. 
majors by interest






view majors and degrees for students transferring to 4 year universities.



view majors and degrees for students transferring to 4 year universities.
university transfer






discover career possibilities, prepare résumés, and prep for interviews.



discover career possibilities, prepare résumés, and prep for interviews.
career center








find your major
workforce innovation and continuing education








lsue in the news

     				lsue campus to remain closed friday, january 24			    after accessing the campus and local area and with freezing temperatures expected to continue at night throughout south louisiana to create icy road conditions, the lsu eunice campus will be closed on friday, january 24.  this closure affects lsue's satellite campuses in lafayette and alexandria.       				lsue campus continues closure for thursday, january 23			    eunice, la - after accessing the campus and local area, with freezing temperatures expected to continue throughout south louisiana and icy road conditions, the lsu eunice campus will be closed on thursday, january 23.  this closure affects lsue's satellite campuses in lafayette and alexandria.       				lsu eunice campus to be closed tuesday, wednesday for winter weather			    due to expected severe winter weather forecasted for the south louisiana region, the lsu eunice campus will be closed on tuesday, january 21 and wednesday, january 22.  this closure also affects lsue's satellite campuses in lafayette and alexandria.       				lsu eunice names chancellor's list recipients for fall 2024 semester			    louisiana state university eunice is proud to announce that 477 students have achieved chancellor's list recognition for their academic achievement during the fall 2024 semester.  to be eligible for chancellor's list, students must have full-time status of more than 12 credit hours during the semester and maintain at least a 3.5 grade point average.       				phillip devillier to serve as fall lsue commencement speaker			    louisiana state university eunice will welcome louisiana state representative phillip r. devillier to deliver the commencement address at lsue's fall 2024 graduation ceremonies.  representative devillier will give remarks during the 10:00am ceremony on the lsue campus on friday, december 20.       				lsue, lsua launch surgical technology program partnership in alexandria			    lsu eunice and lsu alexandria officially unveiled its surgical technology partnership with a ribbon cutting ceremony in downtown alexandria on friday.  the two universities welcomed several local dignitaries and organizations with a tour of the lsue satellite facility in central louisiana.  








 
watch video






 

keep up with the latest from lsue by following us on social media accounts! 



keep up with the latest from lsue by following us on social media accounts! 
university social media












 
across campus







upcoming events


your browser must support javascript to view this content.
                     							please enable javascript in your browser settings then try again.
                     							events calendar powered by trumba
  
 


visit lsue athletics

 









 


lsue cares





 


civil rights and title ix






top


      				louisiana state university eunice
      				eunice, la 70535
      			



a-z directory
careers at lsue
directions and maps
employee hub





academic calendar
academic catalog
cleary act and crime reports


 

    
















website feedback
accessibility statement
notice of non-discrimination
privacy statement


      				copyright © 2015 louisiana state university eunice. all rights reserved.
      			



this website uses cookies to ensure site visitors get the best experience on our website. by continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies and privacy statement. to learn more, please visit lsue privacy statement.

i agree.













search
 search
                                    														search






popular searches:

enrollment and admissionsrequest informationexplore majorstranscriptsacademic calendaracademic catalog
lsue onlineacademic programs of studyhousinghow much is tuition?things to do on campusorientation












×

video modal



























©
