magnetic resonance technology ip   - welcome to mri technology






 
				magnetic 
				resonance - 
				technology 
	      information 
				portal
welcome to mri technology•


 imagessliderscongressesacronymsabbreviationsartifactscoilscontrast agentsdevicesmri safetyprotocolssequencespatientinformation  sharedatabaseforumnewsresourceswelcome to mr-tip.com,the web portal for the 'mri professional'. from the basics to the latest news, you should find it here at mr-tip.com. to name just a few topics: 'artifacts' with case studies and 'imageguidance', 'contrast agents' with descriptions, 'distribution information' and 'drug information', 'pulse sequence', 'device information', 'safety guidance', 'news service', etc., all based on overviews and database entries with links to more than 2100 publications and resource sites.databaseseveral thousand entries with cross referenced information. to name just a few specific topics: manufacturer's contact information, contrast agent's drug information and distribution table, specifications of devices, image guidance for artifacts etc. most entries also include links to more specialized articles. don't panic, it's easy to use, it's free and if it's mr-related, you will find it here!forumreading and actively participating in the forum's threads can be a good way to obtain a basic knowledge about a topic, and it also provides a perspective on trends and opinions. finding support for the difficult examination experienced once a year.the-medical-market.comyou want to buy or sell mri-related equipment - take a look at the-medical-market.com.its searchboard is free for members. if you would like to present your products at the-medical-market.com - it will be free for a limited time - please leave your contact data at www.the-medical-market.com > internals > currently.newslinks to the latest news in mr-technology from science and research, business and trading. collected from pressrooms and news agencies  - to keep you up to date.helphelp, faq, lost & found, provides hints and tricks for quick navigation. known problems, general points of interest, etc..common description: how to get the most out of the services offered by mr-tip.com without wasting time? start reading here.protocol exchangethe long-term sense of the pex is the possibility to exchange protocols on an unified base. sorted by mri systems and examinations, search and download the protocol you're interested in.on the other hand mr-tip.com depends on your support. please upload tested protocols. the pex-form will evolve with the actual and upcoming needs.congressesdates of congresses, conferences, meetings, symposiums, training courses, workshops, exhibitions, fairs etc.. links to the sites of the organizers delivers the details, to complete the overview.feel free to promote your own events.links/resourcesstill need more specific information, or just surf around in the mri universe? some thousand mri-related searchable links and resources, categorized in 'the link/resource directory'. the search function and the classification are based on title, description, keywords and author of the page.artifactsspecial summary of artifacts with information and image guidance for each one. case studies should help to improve imperfect images. additional entries describe the general reduction of artifacts.contrast agentsclassification and characteristics of contrast agents with an overview and information about the development stage, the developer, the field of application and the global distribution.coilsan overview for a general understanding about the different coil types and their uses. to choose the right coil, the best possible image quality, benefits and disadvantages are presented.sequencesmore than 1oo pulse sequences from different mri systems classified by the sequence type with detailed explanations, pulse sequence timing diagrams and range of applications.abbreviationsaround 800 mr-technology related shorthand notations, for example from sequences, organizations, and techniques with interpretations and links to the corresponding references.greeksthe decryption of the secret quality greek signs - more than 2500 years old and still in use, - what they mean and where they appear in magnetic resonance technology.symbolssignificant characters used to represent a quantity, an operation, a relation, or an abbreviation. all mri-related and with the corresponding reference to the database description.units & measurementsmagnetic resonance related values or magnitudes adopted as units or standards in physical measurements, with definitions according to the international system of units as well as information for their conversion.acronymsmigrating or converting?  manufacturers use different acronyms for example for the same or similar sequence or measurement option. here is a comparison.devicesprovides information about the design and the hardware components of mri devices, as well as advantages and disadvantages of the different field strengths. the overview classifies more than 50 mri systems according to their field strength, range of application, construction and type of magnet. database entries provide additional information ( manufacturer, picture, device information, specification table, links to manufacturer brochures, etc. ) for each device.imagesmri images and cine sequences from different examinations (brain, shoulder, knee, cardiac, breast etc). these images demonstrate different mri sequences (se, fse, gre, haste, stir, t1, t2 weighted, etc.) in relation to the most frequent examinations. adjustable brightness and contrast for best visibility; related database entries for further reading.slidersmri sliders allow you to scroll through sequences of slides. the images show anatomic structures of joints, maximum intensity projections (mip) of magnetic resonance angiography (mra) procedures, thin slices of the skull base etc.mri safetythe mri safety infosheet provides information about bioeffects of mri procedures, hazards of magnetic forces, risks around the mri environment, contraindications to mri scans, precautions in pregnancy and proper patient management. safety rules explain legal requirements and limits for safe handling of magnetic fields, gradient pulses and radio frequency energy. other topics include mri compatibility of implants, medical devices etc.poll resultswhat is the 'typical downtime of your scanning system per week (40 h)'?you will find this and other results here.patient informationthis infosheet contains information you should read before your mri examination. general mri information with details about safety, risks, and contraindications, mri side effects like claustrophobia, acoustic noise and incompatibilities of implants as cardiac pacemakers and stents, details about the most common examinations like brain mri, spine mri, body mri, etc.  most read:          gadolinium        t2*        pulse sequence timing diagram        open mri        brain mri        phase encoding        resovist        functional magnetic resonance imaging        spine mri        inversion recovery sequence        gradient echo sequence        superparamagnetic iron oxide        steady state free precession        ferumoxide        pulse sequence        contrast agents        dotarem        magnetic resonance angiography        combidex        ultrasmall superparamagnetic iron oxide        k-space        fat suppression        t1 weighted        diffusion        t2 weighted        signal intensity        out of phase        gadopentetate dimeglumine        gradient coil        flip angle  poll resultssearch mr-tip.com      mr-tip.com uses cookies! by browsing mr-tip.com, you agree to our use of cookies.magnetic resonance - technology information portalmember of softways' medical imaging group - mr-tip • radiology-tip • medical-ultrasound-imaging • copyright © 2003 - 2024 softways. all rights reserved. [ 19 february 2025]terms of use | privacy policy | advertising [last update: 2024-02-26 03:41:00]