



encino therapy services, couples therapy, marriage and family therapist, individual therapy, therapist, sherman oaks, studio city, tarzana, woodland hills, granada hills, northridge, and calabasas

































 



 
 










home


vanessa bell, ph.d.


therapy services


problems & disorders


f.a.q.


examples  of therapy


news


internet resources


office policies


contact us


 












vanessa bell, ph.d., is an encino therapist, providing individual, marriage and family therapy and psychoanalysis for over twenty years to residents of encino and surrounding communities in the san fernando valley including, sherman oaks, studio city, tarzana, woodland hills, granada hills, northridge, and calabasas.
perhaps you have experienced a range of relationship and marital problems, discovered your partner’s infidelity or are dealing with your own affair. some people need to find greater success in their careers, or understand and alter self destructive behavior and choices. dr. bell's encino therapy practice can help you create more satisfaction and make better choices in your life. please read more to learn about  therapist dr. bell and how she can help you.
therapy services
the range of dr bell's therapy services includes individual psychotherapy for adults and adolescents, marital counseling and therapy, couples therapy, and psychoanalysis. in her san fernando valley offices offering a comfortable, confidential environment, dr. bell uses her expertise to treat a variety of problems so that individuals and couples can lead happier and more fulfilling lives.
the key to happiness and satisfaction in life is having good relationships with others. individual psychotherapy and couple counseling are each ways of improving relationships. as you talk with therapist dr. bell she will help you to become more aware of yourself and others. you will discover new ways to improve your communication skills, enhance your problem-solving abilities, manage life transitions, and spark your marriage even when there has been infidelity. see therapy services for the san fernando valley
dr. bell’s services include:

individual therapy
marriage counseling and couples therapy (see newest article: "making your marriage/relationship better using marriage counseling or couples therapy")
improving communication skills, getting your partner to listen and understand, constructive problem solving
confronting infidelity – when you or your partner has cheated
sparking up your marriage – when there is a loss of passion
premarital counseling
strengthening blended families
dealing with relationship issues
psychoanalysis
dream analysis - understanding dreams
unblocking creativity
dealing with loss
divorce recovery
managing life transitions
anxiety and stress management
improving parenting skills
overcoming procrastination
dealing with trauma
enhancing self esteem
finding the right mate

problems treated
san fernando valley therapist dr. bell uses her years of expertise to treat a variety of problems so that individuals and couples can lead happier and more fulfilling lives.
talking with dr. bell can help you relieve feelings of depression and anxiety and overcome phobias. divorce and marital difficulties, including infidelities, can also be resolved. research has shown that when people achieve strong and satisfying relationships they are also better able to deal with physical health problems. loving relationships can help you recover faster from illnesses and other life stressors. see problems treated by therapist dr. vanessa bell
therapy is useful for treating problems such as:

relationship issues
life transitions
parenting issues
procrastination problems
relationship difficulties
depression
phobias
infidelity

recent articles by dr. bell
making your marriage/relationship better using marriage counseling or couples therapy the goal of marriage counseling is for you to achieve greater trust, happiness and pleasure in your relationship. read more...
surviving the affair finding that you've been cheated on by your spouse can turn your world upside down. read more...
creating positive self-esteem low self-esteem is always linked to depression and difficulty feeling in control of one’s life. it leads to marital and relationship problems. read more...
contact encino and sherman oaks therapist dr. vanessa bell
beginning today, dr. bell can help you improve your sense of emotional and mental well being. get started by phoning dr. bell’s san fernando valley offices in encino or sherman oaks at (818) 986-3993.
 
top of page
 
 




encino family therapist












vanessa bell, ph.d. 16550 ventura blvd. suite 405 encino, ca 91436


tel: (818) 986-3993 contact information  office policies



 









site map | privacy
©2005- vanessa bell, ph.d. all rights reserved








