


















suny buffalo state university











    skip to main content
  




















open menu
close menu











apply

visit

get info

request  undergraduate information
request  graduate information
close link list

 



open search dropdown
close search dropdown



 quick  









about


admission & aid


academics


campus life


community engagement


athletics





info for: 



alumni


current students


faculty & staff


parents & families












search


search buffalo state









              quick links 
close quick links menu











mybuffstate







academic calendar







brightspace







catalogs







directories







employment







giving 







library







maps & directions







news







events





destinations



barnes & noble bookstore


burchfield penney art center


career and professional education center


performing arts center at rockwell hall





















 






    spring open house: april 5





                join us!
              











buffalo state university has been educating students for more than 150 years. we're home to an engaged, diverse community of learners, scholars, and leaders whose passion is discovery, community, and changing the world.

















undergraduate students











graduate students











presidential search 




 




 
























discover your calling. whether you choose to study the arts, education, science, or professional studies, we have you covered. buffalo state offers numerous undergraduate majors, graduate programs, minors, and certificates, all at an affordable suny price.majors and programstuition and feesfinancial aid























              
    chad

                              
    hospitality administration






"from the time that i've been here until now, i've met really amazing people who are like family to me."



                  watch chad's story
                




















              
    bushra

                              
    graphic design






"i did not speak english when i first came to america and college seemed scary, but eop helped me overcome that." 



                  watch bushra's story
                











be a bengal. bengals come from all backgrounds and walks of life-from small towns and big cities. buffalo state’s student life is just as varied. with our countless student organizations and activities, you’ll make friendships and memories that will last a lifetime.meet our studentsget involvedvolunteer























              
    ‘buff state believed in me’

                              
    darian bryan talks cooking, career, and confidence






from the small of a hill in rural jamaica to the bustling kitchen of his acclaimed restaurant, the journey of chef darian bryan, ’17, has been anything but typical. 



                  read darian's story.
                




















              
    senior electrical engineering major lands prestigious internship

                          




leanna tse, a senior electrical engineering technology (electronics) major at buffalo state university, has secured a prestigious department of energy internship at brookhaven national laboratory (bnl) in long island, new york.



                  read the news story.
                











the bengal experience. buffalo state’s long history and commitment to education are the cornerstones of its respected reputation. our students, staff, faculty, and alumni share vast and varied stories of how the buffalo state experience transformed their lives.
news storiesathletics storieshonors & distinctions




 




 
























our city is your classroom. buffalo state has a mission that grows directly from our location. we serve the city because we are of the city. buffalo, ny, is a big city with a small-town feel. our tree-lined campus is in walking distance to dining, shopping, museums, galleries, and parks.
visit usexplore buffalo, nyexplore our campus




 




 
























get hands-on. our dedicated faculty prepare you for your future through research, study away, service-learning, and internship opportunities. take advantage of these options immediately and set yourself on the path to career success.
meet our facultylearning opportunitiesundergraduate research



































































back to top




buffalo state's facebook





buffalo state's twitter





buffalo state's instagram





buffalo state's youtube





buffalo state's linkedin





buffalo state's tiktok




social media directory






about


admission & aid


academics


campus life


community engagement


athletics









1300 elmwood avenue | buffalo, ny 14222


                (716) 878-4000
              





accessibility


privacy policy


site information


© 2025 buffalo state.   all rights reserved.







1300 elmwood avenue | buffalo, ny 14222


                (716) 878-4000
              
© 2025 buffalo state.  all rights reserved.















