









home - bdpa™








































































info@bdpa.org



facebook




x




instagram


 





facebook




x




instagram



tech and career talks
conferences

bdpacon ’25
bdpacon ’24

bdpa src/ 2024


bdpacon ’23

bdpacon east 23
bdpacon south 23


bdpacon ’22
bdpacon ’21


events
news
partnerships
betf
bdpatoday®
pttv™
 












home
about
membership

sign in
join
careers
online courses with mindedge
contact us


programs

bdpa cloud academy
bdpa data science academy
bdpa high school coding competition (hscc)
bdpa it showcase (itsc)
bdpa mobile app showcase
betf scholarships


chapters

northeast region

baltimore
boston metrowest
district of columbia (washington, d.c.)
hartford
new jersey
new york
northern delaware
northern virginia
rhode island


midwest region

central illinois
chicago
cincinnati
cleveland
columbus, oh
detroit
indianapolis
kansas city
milwaukee
southern minnesota
st. louis
twin cities


south region

atlanta
baton rouge
charlotte
greater birmingham
huntsville
memphis
middle tennessee
monroe
richmond
south florida
triangle


west region

austin
bay area (san francisco)
dallas
houston
los angeles
nevada
oklahoma city
portland
seattle




partner engagements
$cholarship donations
 


select page


  
 
 
















bdpacon '25 • super early-bird rates apply lifetime members—register now for free! attend bdpacon ’25, vip receptions with industry, our awards gala, and the association’s all-inclusive golden anniversary events live from atlanta!
select here to pre-register for this special event 











bdpacon '25 • conference early-bird rates apply bdpa members & general public— live from atlanta! attend bdpacon ’25, career exhibits, industry receptions, our #bdpa50 awards gala, and other special golden anniversary events.
select here for member & general public pre-registration 











the bdpa legacy™a transformative digital journey spanning 50 years
the bdpa legacy™:  select here for our latest episodes











bdpa attends sc24 sc24 • bdpa members and students attend the annual international supercomputing (sc) conference for high-performance computing (hpc), networking, storage, and analysis in atlanta, ga.
select here to view full story on bdpatoday® 











bdpa houston: host chapter for afrotech and pvamu campus visitprairie view a&m university (pvamu) was recently awarded an $8 million grant from the defense department  (dod) for artificial intelligence (ai) and big data research and development (r&d) projects.
select here to view full story on bdpatoday® 











i.t. contracts and new tech career pathsjoin or renew memberships with local bdpa™ chapters • keep member profiles and resumes current
visit → careers.bdpa.org











national cyber czar keynotes bdpacon '24the honorable harry coker, jr. delivers the annual keynote address to bdpa members, industry, and students during bdpacon ’24.
review the  full story to discover more →











bdpa™ robotics challenge & awards
powered by johnson & johnson | learn more . . .  →











2024 chapter of the year
bdpa memphis captures new honors for 2024  →











2024 national coding champions
bdpa atlanta wins top hscc & esports awards   →











black history month
commemorating "the bdpa story"











women's history month
commemorating "the bdpa story"











bdpacon '24 recapin case you missed it, discover more next year in atlanta with bdpa™ during bdpacon ’25!
see awards, cover story, and video to learn more →










find careers at cardinal health









find careers at deloitte









find careers at ibm









find careers at j&j









find careers at lilly









find careers at molson coors









find careers at oracle









find careers at state farm









founded in 2007, bdpatoday® provides industry updates to bdpa™ members and partnering stem associations in local communities. 
send local bdpa chapter news and technology events to → info@bdpatoday.org  










what is bdpa?

for 50 years, bdpa™ has enabled the upward mobility of african americans, minorities, and underserved communities to develop exciting careers in computer science, data science, and science, technology, engineering, and math (stem) fields. founded in philadelphia, pa in 1975 as black data processing associates, bdpa™ continues to promote innovation, technical upskilling, and professional development. the association accomplishes community engagements and awareness through its student i.t. education & scholarship (sites) programs, publications, regional technology conferences, and career expos during annual bdpacons. bdpa™ is the premier organization focused on nurturing stem pipelines to deliver digital transformation professionals, entrepreneurs, educators, and future information technology (it) leaders to industry, government, and academia. 








our mission
to be the leading and most recognized organization in enabling digital leadership preparedness  for aspiring diverse professionals.








our vision
to build a pipeline of diverse professionals and aspiring students in the stem and digital technology fields.








our beliefs
our purpose is to serve and elevate students and young professionals of today for leadership tomorrow. that a  talented and diverse group of people is the most creative and innovative workforce.







more about bdpa











our sponsors





































































membership base




chapters




years of existence




yearly scholarship awarded














gender



membership






%
male





%
female





%
professionals





%
students








join bdpa. renew or update profiles for new tech careers.







student
member


$25


students who are currently enrolled k-12college students who are currently enrolled full time in an accredited educational institution of higher learningannual fee



adult
member


$100


individuals who post-collegiate or that work full time. this membership type is of an individual that would like to be a member of a local chapter or a national member if there is not a local chapter nearby.annual fee



corporate
member


$100


individuals whose membership is paid by his/her employer or by a corporate supporter/sponsor. this membership type is assigned when a corporate registration is submitted by the company.annual fee



lifetime
member


$1000


lifetime members secure a full membership-in-good-standing status for his/her natural life, receive all the privileges of full membership, is recognized as a dedicated member-supporters of bdpa.one time fee








join now















bdpa tech & career talks

bdpa’s tech & career talks are a great way for professionals and students in it to connect with local bdpa chapters. every month, speakers are chosen to present topics that are of interest to bdpa members, the public, academia, and industry. since 2020, bdpa has hosted very incredible subject matter experts (smes)  from universities as well as large and small corporations across the united states.

learn more







bdpa career center
connecting talent with opportunity
 
your next it career opportunity is right at your fingertips at the bdpa career center.  visit careers.bdpa.org to get started.

learn more







 







bdpa™ bdpa™ is the premier community-based computing organization focused on nurturing students and developing diverse digital technology professionals into future it leaders in science, technology, engineering, and math (stem), computer science, and data science fields.



get whova for bdpacon '25
join bdpa select here to join.  established in 1975, bdpa™ continues to enable the upward mobility of african americans, minorities, and underserved communities across computer science, data science, and information technology (it) fields.

#bdpa50 the bdpa legacy™




earl a. pace, jr. on pttvco-founder's interview



s1.e1 • the bdpa legacy™norman mays 



s1.e2 • the bdpa legacy™dr. jesse l. bemley 

order new copies today!

black history month 2024

womens history month 2024
related linksbdpa™ national bylaws
bdpa™ community engagement  request
bdpa™ tech & career talks
bdpa™ sponsor partnership form
bdpa™ education & technology foundation (betf)
bdpatoday® publications
popular technology tv™ (pttv)
conferencesbdpacon ’25
bdpacon ’24
bdpacon ’23
bdpacon ’22
bdpacon ’21
contact us national bdpa, inc.
9750 apollo dr., suite b
largo, maryland 20774
phone: 513.781.9758
email: info@bdpa.org

 



home
about us
membership
programs
partnership
admin login
member login
 






facebook




x




instagram


©2024 bdpa.  all rights reserved.  




















