








| scripps ranch theatre











































































		skip to content







  










 





main menu
 


productionsmenu toggle

2024-25 season line-up auditions past seasons
ticketsmenu toggle

tickets – individual shows tickets – season packages seating chart
press/newsmenu toggle

srt in the news
support srtmenu toggle

a note to our patrons and supporters donate ways to support srt matching gifts donor levels and benefits donor recognition volunteer opportunities
aboutmenu toggle

about srt and our history staff diversity, equity and inclusion volunteer opportunities
contactmenu toggle

contact us directions and maps
 
facebookinstagram 


 
 







  


















scripps ranch theatre is proud to present the san diego premier of





white
from the pulitzer prize winner of fat ham
by james ijamesdirected by yolanda marie franklin
february 14 – march 9, 2025preview night: february 14opening night: february 15
gus is a painter who desperately wants to show his art at the prominent and renowned parnell museum. vanessa is an actress with the qualities he needs to make it happen. with the help of his boyfriend tanner, and his inner diva st diana of detroit, gus and vanessa weave through a comedic story that explores privilege in the art world. white is filled with twists and surprises, subverting expectations as it illuminates contemporary culture.
content advisory: contains adult themes, strong language and physical intimacy.

read more











mary’s wedding
by stephen massicottedirected by kate rose reynolds
april 4-27, 2025preview night: april 4opening night: april 5
mary and charlie meet in a deserted barn and begin a whirlwind romance. but world war i is looming, and the lovers must part as charlie joins the war effort and mary is left alone with her dreams. this deeply romantic dream-play is an exquisitely personal examination of the cost of war. 

read more










unnecessary farce
by paul slade smithdirected by robert may
may 23-june 15, 2025preview night: may 23opening night: may 24
from the playright who gave us the outsider comes a rollicking farce. two cops, three crooks, eight doors – go! questions abound: who is in which room? who is being videotaped? who has taken the money? who has hired a hitman? and why does the accountant keep taking of her clothes? enjoy!

read more





stay in the know – sign up for our newsletter
scripps ranch theatre offers a variety of experiences all year long. we invite you to let our actors create another world for you to enjoy!

join our email list





 









click here todonate now


scripps ranch theatre mailing address10755 scripps poway parkwaypmb 187san diego, ca 92131

scripps ranch theatre welcomes you and thanks you for your support of live theater. we acknowledge that this land where we currently sit is kumeyaay land. we are grateful to use this land to tell stories of all people and to build a strong and welcoming community.
 















scroll to top





















