




scuba travel diving guide 2025



 



























scuba
travel







search
			
















world diving
top ten dives
red sea
maldives
belize
insurance
liveaboard deals
add a review
search





diving destinations
50% off liveaboards
diving the red sea
diving europe
diving the caribbean & americas
diving asia & the indo-pacific
diving africa
insurance
add a review









find a liveaboard deal - book now, pay later…








scuba news:










reviews: "love the newsletters! keep them coming" janice fleming...more reviews




























"the sea, once it casts its spell, holds one in its net of wonder forever."
jacques yves cousteau 







the independent guide to diving the world
discover the best scuba diving sites, liveaboards, dive operators, when to go, how to get there, travel tips...personal views written from experience.

scuba travel provides information and reviews on dive sites and dive operators in over 90 countries, from argentina to west papua. browse our list of the world's best dive sites (how many have you dived?). you can also book diving and liveaboards directly from the site.
 we're here to help you plan your next dive trip: use our diving guide then rate your diving experience.
latest:










wreck diving in the red sea











dream liveaboard deals: save 50%!












where is the best diving in tunisia












totally tenerife











panama: caribbean or pacific?













discover bonaire




photo credits: jill studholme, tim nicholson,  john a anderson, andrea izzotti, criso/depositphotos
thank you
thank you to the multitude of divers who have contributed to this site. our editors read every review submitted before allowing it on the site - and personally contact every reviewer - so you can be confident that the information given is genuine. and, of course, much of the diving and travel information we provide is written in-house by divers who have actually travelled to the area and researched it thoroughly. 

subscribe to scuba news 
every month we publish a newsletter - scuba news (issn 1476-8011). as well as all the diving news it includes dive and travel articles, competitions, features a marine "creature of the month", reviews recent diving books and keeps you up-to-date on new destinations added to the scuba travel site. to receive your free copy enter your e-mail below.





we also publish a scuba news web site, with news stories in more depth.












search
			








add a diving review
advertise
about & contact
privacy & cookies




            published by scuba travel, the independent guide to diving around the world
scuba travel diving guide...





































