



friends furever





free dhtml scripts provided by
dynamic drive
friends furever
>^. .^<

 
 


apparel & accessories designed for the cat
        lover 
 

 


 



             
                 
    

in memory of fooz - a very special girl
please click on 

fooz's photo for her
    memorial page


ventana mi corazon
"cory"
7/14/1998 - 4/3/2002
we love you cory
please click on cory's photo for her
    memorial page

  we 
	have a blog: 
	

friends furever 
	catblog!   
                
the history of friends furever:

friends furever was started in 1996 by sharon and elinor -
    two neighbors who both loved cats!  we have come a long way since
    then.  our first show was a one day show and we only sold
    t-shirts.  since then, our line has expanded many times! we now carry
    lots of non-cat items also such as wind devas, ceramics and windsport flags and windsocks. 
    don't miss our great new travel mugs, tea infuser 
    mugs, and plates.  great new scratchers too!! 
our goal is to find the nicest cat items at the best prices. always
    looking for new and exciting products, we have added
    sydney love  handbags and accessories, laurel burch t-shirts and
    sweatshirts, casey coleman denim
    jackets, shirts and t-shirts.  expect to see more of these in the near
    future too! we
    still carry a large variety of cat t-shirts, blouses, vests, jackets, but we have added quality clothing
    that you can wear anytime including magnificent timmy woods hand carved cat
    handbags, michael simon sweaters,  design options sweaters, berek sweaters, dresses, pant sets and tapestry jackets, great
    jewelry - including cat breed jewelry by precious pets 14kt jewelry - email us for info on your
    breed - pictures to come! we
    also carry windsport flags and windsocks!  if you have seen a product that is not on our site, feel free to
    contact us.  we have many items that have not been uploaded to our
    pages yet.
thanks for taking the time to look at our site.  please come back
    often - we are always updating with new products.  also, watch for
    photos of  tamir,  sniffie, allie and  ellie 
    and the newest addition to the family, trooper - the
    friends furever mascots!!  
 products
 show dates - look
    for us at these shows

 favorite
    links

 contacts


 
 




to reach us by email please click below:




to email sharon click here
 
      to email elinor click here
  
 

  







