



american catahoula association  


















american catahoula association





home
join aca
pay your membership with paypal
classifieds
rss feed






on mar 17th, 2012tidbits

we would first like to thank everyone who supports the aca we appreciate you greatly. we would also like to remind  members to be sure and post your kennel ads by state. this site gets a lot of traffic if you dont put up your ad you are missing out on a great opportunity. not everyone is on facebook.
we are always available for questions from anyone and glad to help. the email is catahoulas.org@hotmail.com. we welcome any comments or suggestions.





comments off on tidbits
pmbennett68
uncategorized




on aug 5th, 2009paypal is now working

you can now  join the aca or renew your membership with paypal. you may use the pay your membership with paypal link at the top of the page. if you have questions please email or call.





comments off on paypal is now working
pmbennett68
uncategorized




on mar 23rd, 2009aca reconstruction

welcome to the new and hopefully improved aca website.  i have placed all current member usernames and passwords in the database.  if you’ve forgotten your username and password please email me at catahoulas.org@hotmail.com or you can give me a call at 405-833-1400. current members can place their own classified ads and breeder ads. you can also add a photo that is 640 x 480 pixels or smaller.  a valid email and title for your ad is required for the website to accept your ad.  there are more detailed directions at the bottom of this page on how to add your information
if you are not sure if you are current you may contact me and i will check to see when you renewed last. memberships run on the calendar year. if you renewed sometime after the first of the year we can work with that. ideally i’d like to get everyone on the calendar year at some point.  if you need to join aca or renew please submit your information from the join aca page. new members and renewals will receive an aca t-shirt.    if there is an interest additional t-shirts will be available for purchase. i will get a picture of the new shirts up when the  order comes in later this week.
dues are $25 per year, which allows you to post a breeder ad, stud ads, for sale and puppy ads.
as always if you have questions or need help getting your information on the website let me know.
phyllis bennett
 
 
classifieds
i’ve removed all the old ads. if you need to place an ad  choose log in from the right hand side of the page.   when you click log in it will take you to a page that says wordpress and asks for the username and password. it will take you to a page that says dashboard do not  use the dashboard to input your information. in the top left hand corner it says american catahoula association and visit site. click this link and it will take you to the main page, go to the classified tab, for sale section at the bottom of the page and choose the appropriate catagory.  it will have a link that says add a new ad in this catagory. you can put in your information and save ad. states are for breeder ads. if you have questions let me know.
.



 


 



please note: this directory is an advertising tool for aca breeders; the aca does not endorse the breeders listed herein, or the quality of their produce. any complaints regarding a breeder listed in the classifieds must be sent in writing to the aca; complaints will be thoroughly investigated, and if found to be warranted, action taken accordingly. important: the aca does not become involved in financial or contractual disputes between buyer and seller. it is the responsibility of the buyer to get all guarantees and details of purchase in writing at the time of purchase.









comments off on aca reconstruction
pmbennett68
uncategorized











february 2025


s
m
t
w
t
f
s




 1


2345678


9101112131415


16171819202122


232425262728
 



« mar
 
 







american catahoula association copyright © 2025 all rights reserved.
	powered by free wordpress theme. web hosting geeks










