














home page | pension benefit guaranty corporation











  skip to main content











an official website of the united states government
here's how you know


here's how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock (   

lock
locked padlock



 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            
















pension benefit guaranty corporation
a u.s. government agency



menu












search






about pbgc






about pbgc overview






new to pbgc?






how pbgc operates






fact sheets






faqs






budget, performance & planning






annual performance & financial reports






standard reports






who we are





director




executive leadership




departments




advisory committee




board of directors meeting minutes




history of pbgc




mission statement




organization chart




strategic plan







jobs at pbgc






pbgc information technology






pbgc policies






procurement information






pbgc in plain english






office of the participant and plan sponsor advocate








workers & retirees




employers & practitioners






log in to my paa






log in to e-filing portal






employers & practitioners overview






what's new





what's new for practitioners archive







forms for employers & practitioners






faq's for employers & practitioners






premium filings






interest rates






missing participants program






risk mitigation & early warning program






plan terminations





standard terminations




distress terminations




missing participants (standard/distress terminations only)




pbgc-initiated terminations




premiums







multiemployer plans





funding and other notices




introduction to multiemployer plans




multiemployer premiums




withdrawal liability




special financial assistance program







legal resources





erisa




code of federal regulations




rulemaking documents




guidance documents database




federal register notices




litigation documents




agency decisions and opinions




other resources







federal register notices open for comment






pbgc mediation program






pbgc insurance coverage






disaster relief






appeals board






pension insurance data






mortality, retirement & pv max guarantee





erisa section 4044 retirement assumptions




erisa section 4044/4050 mortality tables




present value of pbgc maximum guarantee







reporting & disclosure





4010 reporting




annual funding notices




reportable events & large unpaid contributions




reporting & disclosure overview




section 4062(e)




section 4063 notices









news & policy






news & policy overview






special financial assistance program






multiemployer plans






press room






statements






legislative affairs






congressional testimony






pbgc projections report





pension insurance modeling system (pims)









mypba login







            contact us
          



            glossary
          



            languages
          

 english

 español






search

















this page has not been translated. please go to pbgc.gov's spanish home page for more information available in spanish.
esta página no ha sido traducida. por favor vaya a la página principal del sitio de español de pbgc para ver información disponible en español.




























                
        workers & retirees
        
      
manage your pension, get your 1099-r, and more.
read more














disaster relief








disaster relief: filing extensions for affected areas.



read more









special financial assistance program








for financially troubled multiemployer pension plans.


read more
















welcome to pbgc!
we protect the retirement security of about 31 million americans in single-employer and multiemployer pension plans. our goal is to provide the highest level of customer support and to protect workers’ and retirees’ hard-earned pension benefits.













new to pbgc








if you recently received a letter telling you that pbgc is now responsible for paying your pension benefit, this page is your gateway to pbgc.









workers & retirees








since 1974, we’ve made a commitment to protect the pension benefits of about 31 million workers and retirees, and their families, we serve.









employers & practitioners








are you an employer or practitioner responsible for the administration of a pension plan? if so, this is your portal to working with pbgc.


















president names davey grubbs as new member to pbgc advisory committee





press release













january 16, 2025

 washington — president joseph r. biden jr. recently appointed davey grubbs of north carolina as a new member to serve on the advisory committee of the pension benefit guaranty corporation (pbgc). grubbs will serve as a member representing the interests of the general public. “davey will contribute his expertise, perspective...












pbgc approves sfa application for unite here fund





press release












unite here fund averts insolvency and reduction of benefits through receipt of special financial assistance

january 15, 2025

 washington — the pension benefit guaranty corporation (pbgc) announced today that it has approved the application submitted to the special financial assistance (sfa) program by the legacy plan of the unite here retirement fund (unite here fund). the plan, based in white plains, new york, covers 91,744 participants in the...












pbgc approves sfa application for laborers local no. 265 plan





press release












laborers local no. 265 plan averts insolvency and reduction of benefits through receipt of special financial assistance

january 13, 2025

 washington — the pension benefit guaranty corporation (pbgc) announced today that it has approved the application submitted to the special financial assistance (sfa) program by the laborers' international union of north america local no. 265 pension plan (laborers local no. 265 plan). the plan, based in cincinnati, ohio, covers 1,460...












practitioner news

miscellaneous corrections, clarifications, and improvements proposed rule (january 17)
2025 premium filing instructions (january 13)
annual update of maximum civil monetary penalty (january 8)











what are you looking for?
are you or a family member looking for a pension benefit, checking to see if your employer’s pension plan is insured by pbgc or has been trusteed by pbgc? are you looking for other information from pbgc?





 search































445 12th street sw
washington, dc 20024-2101
subscribe to email updates





popular links
log in to mypba (for workers & retirees)log in to my paa (for practitioners)multiemployer insurance program factsannuity or lump sum
open government
annual reportsfederal register notices open for commentlaws and regulationspbgc data setsreducing regulatory burden





customer contact
for workers & retirees 1-800-400-72428:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. eastern time monday through friday(except federal holidays)
for employers & practitioners 1-800-736-24448:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. eastern time monday through friday(except federal holidays)




external link to pbgc's facebook page
 
external link to pbgc's x feed (formerly twitter)
 
external link to pbgc's linkedin
 



























a-z index


accessibility


architectural barriers act


customer service


faqs


foia


gobiernousa


no fear act data


office of inspector general


open government


participant and plan sponsor advocate


privacy @ pbgc


site map


stay informed


terms of use


usa.gov


vote.gov

















