


  
























home | outright international











































      skip to main content
    


    search outright           menu     our work    global programs  reports & resources  united nations engagement  country overviews    take action    outright proud  volunteer  events  how to give  corporate engagement    insights    news and commentaries  outright podcast  pride around the world  celebrating legal gender recognition  video content    about us    our story  our purpose  our financials   
   
donate  
    donate      




search



       
 
 
       outright  together, for better lgbtiq lives. outright.   our story       
        
            insights  we bring in lgbtiq news, commentaries, and announcements from movement leaders and experts from an international lens. read the latest   

        global programs  our global programs support innovative advocacy and use our collective might to carry the voices of activists to advance equality and help end discrimination. explore programs   

        take action  we care deeply about our people and our communities. we are committed to working together to achieve better lgbtiq lives. donate now   

   
      global advocacy  outright international works with partners around the globe to strengthen the capacity of the lgbtiq movement. we document and amplify human rights violations and advocate for inclusion and equality.  country overviews      
        asia  in asia, we work in partnership with local lgbtiq groups to stop gender-based violence and discrimination against lgbtiq people in general and against more marginalized groups within the broader lgbtiq spectrum. we promote acceptance of lgbtiq people in all their sexual and gender diversity.  explore work in asia      

    pacific  our work in the pacific aims to increase visibility of activists, respond to human rights emergencies, and actively bridge local, regional and international activism to achieve equality and justice.  explore work in pacific      

    sub-saharan africa  outright supports lgbtiq organizations in sub-saharan africa and works with mainstream human rights organizations to respect human rights and influence positive changes in laws, policies, attitudes, and beliefs that cause discrimination against lgbtiq people on the continent.  explore work in africa      

    middle east and north africa  in the middle east and north africa, we partner with local groups in various countries as part of our international solidarity work. we also work with our local partners on different topics through capacity building, advocacy, research and holistic security.  explore work in middle east and north africa      

   
        europe and central asia  our work in the region involves emergency responses to harassment, discrimination, violence and most recently, russia’s brutal and expanded invasion of ukraine.  explore work in europe and central asia      

    americas  outright's work in the americas focuses primarily on the caribbean, where activists are successfully dismantling discriminatory laws and policies.  explore work in americas      

    united nations  our work at the united nations centers around advocating for the advancement of the rights of lgbtiq people.  explore work at the un      

 
   
  the latest 
          year in review      take a look back at the successes and setbacks of 2024 as we prepare for the challenges and opportunities of 2025.    lgbtiq issues •   global |   

      commentary      in the contest over sports as a human right, will inclusion or exclusion prevail?    human rights •   global |   

      report      you are on our list: urgent support needed for chinese lgbtq activists at risk    china •   china |   

   
  view all outright reports     


        support our work  we amplify a global cause, advocate and carry the voices of activists. take part in the growing global movement and celebrate lgbtiq lives everywhere.  donate now       




        outright international works with partners around the globe to strengthen the capacity of the lgbtiq human rights movement, document and amplify human rights violations, and advocate for inclusion and equality. donate     how to give publications legal & financial country overviews privacy policy careers media room newsletter
     connect with us                      
 216 e 45th street 17th floor
new york, ny 10017, usa
+1 212-430-6054 for general inquiries: hello@outrightinternational.org  for media inquiries: media@outrightinternational.org        © 2025 outright international
   









