





birds & more | welcome to the bird lover's store!















daily breeze
            winner:
        best pet store 2007 
&
        fox l.a.'s winner:
    best pet supplies 2008, 2009 






email
              karen,
the parrot lady ™
 
 
 
 
  
...stay
          and browse awhile!

birds & more
            is located in lawndale, california. we specialize in exotic birds,
            hand raised babies, grooming, nutrition, birdie day care and behavioral
            consultations. we also carry a full line of supplies for your feathery
            children.
karen
            allen, "the parrot lady" ™, is the owner of birds & more
            and has been involved with birds for over 30 years. she is a regular
            contributor to "vet talk" a column written especially for
            you the bird owner. she is also a certified avian specialist (cas)
            of the pet industry joint advisory council. email in your questions
            and karen will be sure to answer.
come
            browse awhile and visit often as we are constantly updating valuable
            information to make the new bird owner and the old pros alike have
            happy and healthy bird companions. 
note: 
          prices for birds are subject to change due to availability. please call!
phone:
          (310) 370-7550 


sadly this is becoming all too common not only in california, but acrosss the country as well! click on the icon above to read the los angeles times story.



rare bird believed to be 'lost' for 55 years is photographed for first time in history!

 


we welcome you and your flock to the south bay bird society!  our goal is to share all the things we have learned  along the flight path, including teaching our humans how to care for us. visit our website to learn more about becoming a member of our flock and  check back frequently to see our informative events! or, check our events on  meetup!
          

 


maui humane society interview



maui humane society is accepting donations for the pets who need medical care as a result   of the maui fire. donate by going to info@mauihumanesociety.org.







also,   there is a maui bird rescue that is accepting donations of cages to   house parrots for those birds who are homeless due to the fires. i don't see where the rescue is asking for monetary   donations at this time but their number is (808) 359-0431. 




while there are no parrot organizations affected by the   maui fire, i thought i'd give a list of ways to donate to help animals   on maui


maui humane society: 
          https://www.mauihumanesociety.org/


network for animals:
           https://networkforanimals.org/appeal/emergency-relief-maui-wildfires-august-2023/


animal survival international: 
https://animalsurvival.org/




there   is also maui bird rescue, which has taken in displaced parrots, but i   don't see any request for donations or even a donation link:


https://www.facebook.com/communitycompassioneducation/




mahalo
          gala burkholder
south bay bird society communications director 
 

 

de-skunk formula
- 1 qt hydrogen peroxide
            - 1/4 baking soda
            - 2 teaspoons blue dawn dish soap
            - let soak for 5 minutes
            - massage through dog's fur avoiding the eyes
            - rinse thouroughly
          

make your own sanitizer
ingredients: 




          6 tablespoons rubbing alcohol (isopropyl alcohol), at least 60% alcohol by volume
          
          


          2 teaspoons aloe vera gel
          
          


          mixing bowl and spoon
          
          


          funnel
          
          


          recycled and washed hand sanitizer bottle or liquid soap bottle
          




directions:
simply  mix the alcohol and aloe vera together well and pour it into the bottle  using the funnel. you can double, triple or quadruple the recipe as  needed.
note  that you shouldn't use fresh aloe vera, but should use a commercial gel  because fresh won't remain stable for long-term use, says wellness mama.  and while some people might suggest the addition of essential oils like  lavender or peppermint, these can irritate some people's skin.


            my
          greatest pet peeve
i
            do not understand how a person with any sense, can call me
            franticly, and tell me that their bird has not been breathing
            right for two weeks, and want to know what to do. where in
            the hell were you two weeks ago when we had a chance to save
            your bird. (pardon my language, or don't, i don't care).
 
please
            do not wait until it's too late, when your bird shows signs
              of illness of any kind call your avian veterinarian now!
            you know that birds mask their symptoms and when they finally
            do show you that they are ill it is time to move fast. their
            natural instinct is to pretend wellness, in the wild if they
            show signs of weakness or illness the other birds in the flock
            will kill them and eat them to protect the rest of the flock
            from predators.  there
            is no time to waste, no time to procrastinate, if you wish
            to save your bird's life you must move quickly. please, and
            if you are not willing to do so find a loving home for your
            bird, with someone financially able to care for it properly
            and get yourself a potted plant.
.
karen
            the parrot ladytm



 

 



 live
                so that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to
                the town gossip.
          - will rogers




 

vet & health info





 



          in memoriam










www.alexfoundation.org
avian
              influenza handout 
          courtesy
          dr. emily beeler
beware
              of
          bird scam









 
 


 


 home | about
                karen | about us | animal
                rescue | avian hospital | bird
                links | bird
                rescue
bird
                        societies | events | health
                        tips | health warnings | news | our
                        birds | ordering 
other
                                links | our products | our
                                services | pet info |  research


a
                      taz production
 copyright ©1999-2024
all rights reserved
 

 













