






goldenkey – the international honour society



























































































































 


 





























 












 






apply for membership
received an invitation code?
need login help?



toggle navigation






why join?
academy
scholarships
members 

alumni
members


chapters 

chapter search
chapter events


donate
contact
shop
blog
faq
my account
 






 






 
















welcome to golden key international honour society 



golden key is an honor society of leadership and success like no other. we celebrate and support collegiate scholars around the world and we want you to be part of it. unlock a world of opportunity.








 
see if you qualify for membership







did you already receive an invitation? congratulations!​








 
enter your invite code














 
























 








see details and register now














































connect with golden key 

















 







 













 







 

























 










































we're proud to be the best honor society for graduates and undergraduates. join today. 


















						do you already have a unique invite code?​					

						did you receive an email from us with your personal invitation? congratulations! use your unique invite code to join:					


						enter your invite code					
















						are you in the top 15% of your class?​					

						amazing! see if you qualify to be an honor society member by sharing your  gpa and academic transcript here: 					


						apply for membership					


















golden keygolden key international honour society is the world's largest collegiate honor society for graduate and undergraduate students, and has strong relationships with over 400 universities around the world. 

golden key is built on the pillars of academics, leadership, and service, and our chapters are committed to implementing service projects and leadership development for all students on their campus. 

members qualify when they are at the top 15% of their class, and are given access to a wide range of rewards, scholarships, travel and study abroad opportunities, and more. 

use the hashtag #yesgk to connect with us on social media.

we're here to help!support@goldenkey.org
aboutabout gk
success stories
leadership and staff
become a partner
south africa
canada
privacy policy
privacy policy – apac
frequently asked questions
contact golden key

for chapterschapter toolkit
how to start a chapter
shop golden keygolden key store
graduation regalia

for membersrewards
scholarships
chapters
meet our members
for alumni members
events
apply for membership
received an invitation code?
need login help?








copyright © 2025 golden key international honour society


website designed true interaction













 




































