















olympus corporation of the americas | olympus





      skip to main content
    












toggle navigation





main navigation - homepage


medical systems


careers


our company






usa | en olympus america


united states
canada























true to life
elevating the standard of care to live fulfilling lives
at olympus we believe everyone should have the opportunity to live a fulfilling life. every day we develop and deliver medical technology solutions that elevate the standard of healthcare throughout the patient pathway, but most of all to help people everywhere fulfill their desires, their curiosity, their dreams, their ambition, and their lives.
it’s a philosophy we call: true to life

see our stories












medical systems
true to patient care. true to life.

products & solutions
our stories







the life science solutions and industrial solutions products are no longer owned or controlled by olympus corporation or part of its overall product portfolio. these products are being marketed, sold and distributed by evident.






 


 







 

careers at olympus
we recognize that employees play the largest role in our success. to say thank you, we commit ourselves everyday to ensuring their health, happiness and career development.
view career opportunities










 


 







 


olympus continuum is a comprehensive platform of educational programs and training experiences designed to help you broaden your clinical expertise and enhance your procedural skills—so you can perform at your best and deliver the highest levels of patient care and safety.
learn more at olympuscontinuum.com









press releases

view all






olympus issues medical device advisory notice to use alternative devices to the maj-891 forceps/irrigation plug

jan 29, 2025









olympus chief medical officer helping to elevate the standard of care

jan 23, 2025









olympus acquires distribution business in chile

jan 14, 2025









leadership training, core values impact work of olympus canada employees

dec 3, 2024









olympus showcases a broad range of solutions in gynecology at aagl

nov 15, 2024







see additional press releases







medical technologies
view all








ai integrated wearables for gut health diagnosis: olympus innovation ventures invests in alimetry


the clinician-founded team behind alimetry recently announced the close of their series a2 round of funding to pursue broad commercialization of their ai-powered, wearable device. the alimetry device is designed to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of gut disorders that have proven difficult to solve using conventional diagnostics and testing.

  read more












would you have performed a colonoscopy and polypectomy in this high-risk patient following a major gi bleed?


“this case demonstrates the evolution of the management of colon polyps in the setting of lower gi bleeding,” states dr. meisner.
“how so?” you may ask. to find out, read about how dr. meisner addresses the substantial polyps he encounters, why he chose to use the olympus® snaremastertm plus snare, and the technique he employed during the procedure.

  read more












seven reasons why the hdtv in your living room should not be used in a procedure room


“most consumer-grade monitors sold today have some kind of network functionality, which presents a major risk to patient safety, as well as a security risk if protected health information (phi) is accessible outside of hospital it firewalls on connected devices,” according to blake pena, product manager for image chain and accessories at olympus. 

  read more












 








 

the cameras, audio recorders and binoculars are no longer owned or controlled by olympus corporation or part of its overall product portfolio. since january 2021 these products have been transferred to and are being marketed, sold and distributed by om digital solutions.
visit explore.omsystem.com










investor information










our company


about


business overview


leadership team


ethics & corporate compliance


corporate giving & education


social responsibility


environment


health equity


patents






careers


what we do


life at olympus


career areas


how we hire


search career opportunities




true to life


true to health






news & media


press releases


blog


logos


image & video requests




investors


investor overview




contact


contact us






business areas


medical systems




compliance


report a concern


aoda







footer social


facebook


instagram


twitter


youtube


linkedin






copyright © 2025 olympus america. all rights reserved. | privacy statement | terms of use



                                                              united states (english)
        









