
































uw-eau claire





















skip nav
skip to main navigation
skip to main content
























secondary


athletics


give now


deposit


myblugold







open search











academicsmajors & minorsgraduate programscollegesacademic experienceacademic supportmark stephen cosby honors collegemcintyre libraryleaders in healthcare educationblugold lifeget involvedhousingwellnessathletics & sports at uwecmeet blugoldsdiningliving in eau clairemusic, arts, & culturevisitfirst-year visitstransfer visitsgroup visitsplan your tripwhat to expectvirtual tour optionsapplyfirst-year studenttransfer studentinternational studentshigh school special studentgraduate studentother studentuwec applicationcontact admissionstuition & aidtuition & feesfinancial aidscholarshipsnet price calculatoraboutuniversity missioncampus historynewsaccreditationcampus events and calendarscollaborations and partnershipsleadershippoints of pridework at uw-eau claire 











 


placeholder for header/hero










you'll love eau claire

there's a lot going on here. whether you're craving a rugged outdoor adventure, a delicious meal with friends, or a night of live music, the city of eau claire has something for you. come see for yourself.

plan your visit










 


































          register for admitted student day
        

          already admitted? visit campus as an official blugold and get ready to call this place home. explore campus and get help with your next steps.
        


pick your day






        big-school resources with a small-school vibe. high expectations joined with exceptional support. a wildly beautiful campus in one of the coolest small cities in america. got big dreams? uw-eau claire is the perfect place to make them real.      

apply today 





















put your life in action


get the opportunities of a national university with the personal attention and care of a small, elite school. dig deep into the things that inspire you, with the one-on-one attention you need to succeed.


what do you want to study?



search


























see all majors + minors

see all graduate programs
 








 


widgets



 





only at eau claire 

you will find opportunities like nowhere else. take part in groundbreaking research in every major. get published as an undergrad. dive into pioneering collaborative programs you can only find at uw-eau claire.


check out research



































          wellness support you can count on
        

          taking care of your health is crucial to your success as a student, and we take that seriously at uwec. you'll find support here for all of your wellness goals, including physical and mental health.
        


explore wellness



































          one-of-a-kind healthcare experiences
        

          are you ready to join the next generation of medical pioneers, improving lives and changing the world? our powerful collaboration with mayo clinic health system  allows you to jump in and engage in groundbreaking research your first year.
        


explore our collaboration with mayo clinic health system













































we hear it all the time: when you visit uw-eau claire, it just feels like home.
join us on campus to get a taste of all we have to offer. we can’t wait to meet you! 


schedule a visit











you are home here 

four years goes fast when there’s so much to do. we put the world at your fingertips with popular study away programs, sports teams for all, and over 200 active student organizations.


explore housing, dining, and more






















1/8





























2/8





























3/8





























4/8





























5/8





























6/8





























7/8





























8/8















 







 


page family























university of wisconsin-eau claire105 garfield avenueeau claire, wi 54701715-836-4636



footer for



for
current students


for
faculty and staff


for
parents and family


for
alumni


for
community


for
new students






offices and services


employment opportunities


faculty and staff directory


media info





footer menu


academics


blugold life


visit


apply


tuition + aid


about























footer ancillary


notice of nondiscrimination


campus security


website feedback


privacy statement


website login





©2025university of wisconsin-eau claire



















