



   




welcome to the university of south florida | tampa, st. petersburg, sarasota-manatee, fl


























emergency - 




usf.edu/usfalerts





skip to main content


university of south florida









search






search for: 







main navigation
menu



give now



about usf




about usf


overviewmission and goalshistory and traditionsfacts and statisticseconomic impactstudent consumer informationleadershipaccreditationwork at usfvisit usf





academics




academics
with a proven track record of commitment to student success, usf offers a path for
      every student. our academic programs strive to meet the needs of individual learners
      and turn knowledge and experience into career preparedness. 

overviewcollegesundergraduate majorsgraduate programscourses and calendarsundergraduate and graduate studiescontinuing educationacademic resourceslibraries





admissions



admissions


overviewfreshmentransfergraduateinternationalusf health





locations




locations


overviewtampa campusst. petersburg campussarasota-manatee campusinstructional sites





campus life




campus life


overviewcampus resources and usf bookstorehousing and diningtechnology resourcesfinancial resourceshealth and safetyinternships and student employmentactivities and programsarts and cultureathletics and fitness





research



research


overviewusf research & innovationstudent researchresearch and innovation news








students
faculty & staff
alumni
parents & family
community



myusf
directory








university of south florida home

pause





               				find a major
               			
               				search for undergraduate majors offered at usf.
               			

               				estimate cost
               			
               				review tuition, financial aid and scholarship opportunities.
               			

               				apply now
               			
               				start your application to become a usf bull.
               			

               				visit usf
               			
               				view campus maps, virtual tours and get directions.
               			




usf features








university
usf president rhea law announces plans to step down after national search to select
                     a successor
rhea law has served as president since august 2021, initially on an interim basis
                  before being named to the role permanently in march 2022. under her leadership, usf
                  became the first public university in florida to be invited to join the association
                  of american universities in nearly 40 years.










research
from classroom to discovery: usf students make waves with transformative research
university of south florida students showcased their research at one of the largest
                     multidisciplinary research conferences in the country.









student success
seeing beyond sight: a usf blind student’s journey into broadcasting
a senior at usf majoring in mass communications with a concentration in broadcast
                     program and production, trent ferguson has not allowed blindness to become an obstacle
                     in pursuit of his dream of becoming a sports radio broadcaster.










we are one usf

tampa campus 
st. petersburg campus 
sarasota-manatee campus 
about usf 








               				best value
               			
               				usf ranks as the “best value” among all florida public and private universities for
               second consecutive year.
               			

               				top graduate programs
               			
               				usf features 11 graduate programs ranked in the top 50 among all public and private
               institutions
               			

               				top patent producer
               			
               				usf ranks among the top 15 public universities in new patents
               			

               				points of pride
               			
               				discover more points of pride that distinguish usf among the nation's top universities
               			





aau membership fueling usf’s momentum

usf’s historic invitation to join the association of american universities has taken
                     what many in tampa bay have once considered a “best-kept secret” to an unprecedented
                     new level. being an aau member is a tremendous milestone for usf as it formalizes
                     usf's position as a leading research university. usf is the first public university
                     in florida to be invited to join the aau in nearly 40 years and is now one of only
                     two institutions from the state university system of florida to serve as an aau member.
read more about usf's impact since joining aau 





usf news & events


            usf news
            




        
                  usf academic success center expansion boosts student achievement
                  
a record number of students are benefiting from the usf academic success center. much
               of that can be attributed to a new care management model that provides tailored support
               for not only academic mentoring and tutoring, but also non-academic issues students
               may face, especially those experiencing on-campus learning for the first time.





         
                  usf unveils new free online micro-course: genai in action: impact and possibilities
                  
to help people harness the power of this rapidly advancing technology, university
               of south florida’s innovative education has created genai in action: impact and possibilities,
               a free, self-paced online micro-course open to everyone.


more news 

usf calendarfebfebruary22women's basketball vs. memphisfebruary 227:00 pm – 9:00 pmmarmarch1bulls family festmarch 110:00 am – 2:00 pmmarmarch8usf green and gold galamarch 85:00 pm – 10:00 pmmore events registrar dates and deadlines student events calendar 




university of south florida





menu

about usf
academics
admissions
locations
campus life
research


administrative units
regulations & policies
human resources
work at usf
emergency & safety
title ix


usf health
usf athletics
usf alumni
support usf
usf libraries
usf world




4202 e. fowler avenuetampa, fl 33620, usa813-974-2011

facebook
x



youtube
linkedin
instagram



copyright © 2025, university of south florida. all rights reserved.
this website is maintained by university communications and marketing.

privacy
site map
contact usf
visit usf
accessibility



  

