









colonial life: insurance for life, accident, disability and more



































skip to main content




 

log in



menu





 



support links


sales careers


en español


register


log in




file a claim









home page primary navigation


individuals and policyholders


employers and plan administrators


brokers and consultants






search



























looking to build your real dream career?
as a colonial life independent agent, you can be your own boss, stack your own cash and make a difference.

get started today


















why choose colonial life?
our solutions make life more affordable and easier to manage.

learn how

















featured article
thrive in 2025
as we kick off 2025, it’s a great time to look back at the insights from the past year.

read more














move to slide #1
move to slide #2
move to slide #3

displaying slide x of y










the heart of what we do
colonial life provides benefits that your employees want for life's unexpected moments — whether that's accident, illness or injury. and for 80+ years, we've made it easy for employers to offer benefits that help retain skilled workers and help businesses grow.































why choose colonial life

multiple enrollment options
wherever your employees are working, our multiple enrollment methods make it easy for them to talk 1-to-1 with a benefits expert to make personal, informed decisions that meet their needs.
enrollment options that will empower your workers include: in person, virtual, telephonic and online self-service.
view options


focus on benefits education
educating your employees about all of their benefits (major medical and voluntary) is at the heart of what we do.
we offer educational resources, such as custom websites, digital benefit booklets and digital postcards that speak to workers’ different learning styles so they can get the most value out of their benefits.
view resources


simplified employee experience
the colonial life for policyholders portal provides a quick and intuitive way for your employees to view and manage their benefits online.
workers can tap into their personalized dashboard to view their benefits, file a claim, view in-process claims and update their communication and payment preferences.
go to portal


public sector expertise
as a trusted benefits provider to cities, municipalities, states, support services and school districts, we understand the public sector and the diverse needs of civil servants.
we protect 500,000+ public sector employees in 42 states, 3,000 schools and 5,000 local governments.
how we can help


hr tech build for small business
we're combining voluntary benefits that help attract and retain skilled workers with an intuitive hr tech tool that takes the hassle out of benefits administration.
as a one-stop shop for everyday hr administration tasks, gathr can help boost accuracy, save time and improve the hr experience.
learn more

















popular benefits at a glance
voluntary benefits help employers build a comprehensive benefits package that will keep workers happy and attract skilled workers without adding to the bottom line.



 


                    disability
                

 

 


                    accident
                

 

 


                    cancer
                

 

 


                    critical illness
                

 

 


                    dental & vision
                

 

 


                    hospital indemnity
                

 

 


                    life
                

 

























featured solution
benefits and hr administration simplified
gathr is an hr technology platform that digitizes manual processes and elevates hr and employee experiences.


learn more













advantages that make a difference






 



multiple enrollment methods
more options to make enrollment easy and effective wherever your workers are.


learn more




 



personalized education
engage workers with customized resources and 1-to-1 counseling.


learn more




 



public sector expertise
competitive benefits that help retain top talent in the public sector.


learn more




 



are you a policyholder?
review your policies, file claims and get your money faster when you go online!


access your account




 



are you a plan administrator?
make employee changes, update invoices, pay bills and more – quickly, easily and securely.


access your account




 



complimentary (value-added) services
benefits that help workers save money and time in their everyday lives.


learn more


















featured article
thrive in 2025
december 9, 2024
as we kick off 2025, it’s a great time to look back at the insights from the past year.


read more
















                    recent insights for employers
                
view all resources

 slide right 

 





nov 21, 2024            
top five ways to build the case for voluntary benefits
learn how to leverage voluntary benefits to attract, retain and support a diverse workforce.

article




 





oct 16, 2024            
pitch perfect: win leadership buy-in for voluntary benefits
distinguish your business with a robust benefits package

webinar




 





sep 25, 2024            
top three enrollment mistakes to avoid
get the top tips from our experts for a smoother enrollment season.

article




 





sep 06, 2024            
dental and vision rank #2 and #3 in employee benefits                             
learn why employees value these benefits so much.

article




 





aug 29, 2024            
better benefits for small business
learn how gathr brings benefits and hr together on one user-friendly platform.

guide




 





aug 22, 2024            
rock enroll 2024
what you can learn from the year's best group benefit enrollments. it's time for the colonial life rock enroll hall of fame!

webinar




 





jul 24, 2024            
colonial life showstoppers
learn about the insight mashup from shrm annual 2024.

webinar




 





jun 25, 2024            
hr tech for small businesses
learn the essential steps for successfully migrating to digital benefits, streamlining processes and empowering employees to take control of their benefits.

webinar




 





may 21, 2024            
how to build and execute a benefits strategy
discover key elements of a winning benefits strategy

webinar




 





mar 20, 2024            
the value of voluntary benefits
the right benefits package can help small businesses attract and retain diverse talent.

webinar



 
 slide left 





















offer our voluntary benefits
if you're an employer or a broker who wants to learn more about our voluntary benefits, contact us for a no-obligation chat.


connect with us























join our sales or corporate team! build a career on helping others.












find your opportunity




















site footer menu

solutions for


individuals & policyholders 

employers & plan administrators 

brokers & consultants 



connect with us


contact us 

file a claim 

en español 



our company


about colonial life 

careers 

newsroom 

employer resource center 







 


 

















                            insurance products are underwritten by colonial life & accident insurance company, columbia, sc.
                        

                            © 2025 colonial life & accident insurance company. all rights reserved. colonial life is a registered trademark and marketing brand of colonial life & accident insurance company.
                        

                            ns-15375
                        




privacy 

legal notices 

compensation disclosure 

accessibility 

do not sell or share my personal information 






back to top 




