




akzonobel | akzonobel



































































































            about us
            
            
  





back



              about us
            


                  about us home
                  
                



                  annual report
                  
                



                  brands
                  
                



                  businesses
                  
                



                  governance 
                  
                



                  locations
                  
                



                  position statements 
                  
                



                  sustainability  
                  
                





            media
            
            
          



            investors
            
            
  





back



              investors
            


                  investors
                  
                



                  shares and adrs
                  
                



                  results center
                  
                



                  events and presentations
                  
                



                  consensus
                  
                



                  debt and ratings
                  
                



                  investor feedback
                  
                



                  investor relations team
                  
                





            careers
            
            
          



            sustainability  
            
            
          



             innovation 
            
            
          



































clear







































































q4 and full-year 2024






agm 2024






sustainability






our brands 






our businesses






locations



















































        
        
          
          
            paint the future with akzonobel
          
        
      




ever since we first lifted the lid on our paints and coatings in 1792, we’ve been coloring people’s lives and protecting what matters most. from deep underground, to homes, cities, transport and even outer space, we use our expertise to sustain and enhance everyday life.
let's paint the future together. 





















        
        
          
          
            latest stories
          
        
      





see all stories
















painting the future with curiosity

















changing urban landscapes one wall at a time

















 color consistency of wheel coatings helps automotive oems

















rewriting the book on color choice



























        
        
          
          
            latest news
          
        
      





see all news
















akzonobel launches game-changing waterborne basecoat for bodyshops
feb 05, 2025

















q4 and full-year 2024 results
jan 29, 2025

















akzonobel announces €22 million investment in france, to streamline its operations
jan 10, 2025

















akzonobel enters new waters with china’s landmark deep-sea drilling vessel
jan 07, 2025





















































        
        
          
          
            q4 and full-year 2024 results
          
        
      




we've announced our results for q4 and the full-year 2024. learn more about how we performed in the final quarter and throughout the year as a whole. 




view report


































        
        
          
          
            color of the year 2025
          
        
      




let true joy, akzonobel's color of the year, light up your world. this sunny shade inspires adventure and creativity, urging us to embrace who we are. in a rapidly changing world, trend research shows we want to take a joyful leap into the own, celebrating our roots and having the confidence to reflect this in uplifting surroundings.




read more

































        
        
          
          
             about us
          
        
      




      
      since 1792, we’ve been supplying the innovative paints and coatings that help to color people’s lives and protect what matters most. our world class portfolio of brands – including dulux, international, sikkens and interpon – is trusted by customers around the globe. we’re active in more than 150 countries and use our expertise to sustain and enhance everyday life. because we believe every surface is an opportunity. it’s what you’d expect from a pioneering and long-established paints company that’s dedicated to providing sustainable solutions and preserving the best of what we have today – while creating an even better tomorrow. let’s paint the future together.
    















our businesses






















our purpose






















our brands



























































        
        
          
          
            sustainability
          
        
      




we’re always finding new and exciting ways to make our products more sustainable and longer lasting. because paint matters – to us, to you and the world around us.




find out more

















































        
        
          
          
            driving innovation
          
        
      




our search for better never stops. we’re driven to find innovative, more sustainable solutions for our customers, communities and the planet. read on to learn more about our approach to innovation and recent developments in paints and coatings technology. 




find out more




















































                collaborations
              

                  discover how we play a progressive role in cross-industry coalitions and consortia to help create a more sustainable future.
              



learn more





















                partnerships
              

                  meet our partners and learn how we’re rocking the art world with the rijksmuseum and accelerating innovation with mclaren.
              



learn more





















                initiatives 
              

                  every layer tells a story. dive into some of our programs and projects to find out how we make the ordinary extraordinary. 
              



learn more



















































contact us






for suppliers






privacy statement






cookie policy






position statements






code of conduct






speakup!








cookie settings







© akzo nobel n.v.  2025



















































































clear


















reset















sorry, we couldn't find any results












fetching the data, please wait...
























download
















