




about icasa





































































skip to content






 



















aboutsexual problemsprogrammes for menerectile dysfunctioninhibited ejaculationmale sexual inexperiencepremature ejaculationsexual addiction and pornography obsessionprogrammes for womenorgasmic dysfunction and painful sexfemale sexual inexperiencesex after menopause or surgeryprogrammes for couplesprogrammessurrogate partner therapysexual surrogate partner therapy bookconsultationsfeestestimonialsresourcesvideo galleryfree sex advice blogsintimate relationship blogsquantum sex blogsonline coursespodcastsshop.contactin memory



 









about icasasupport_4562n4gj2022-11-28t18:13:10+00:00

request free 30 minute telephone consultationsolving sexual problems since 1994
erection problems
premature ejaculation
inhibited ejaculation
fear of intimacy
unwanted midlife virginity
pornography and masturbation obsession
performance anxiety
unable to orgasm
sexual inexperience
destructive relationships
unconventional sexual practices
gender orientation confusion
request free 30 minute telephone consultationsexual recovery programmes for single men, women and couples

proven and effective treatment. established in the u.k. in 1994. now over 25 years continuous professional practice in the u.k.


helping men, women and couples to overcome fear of intimacy, sexual problems, dysfunctions or the effects of negative sexual experience and trauma.


the only sexual therapy centre in the u.k. specialising in sexual surrogate partner therapy


total confidentiality, dignity and respect


request free 30 minute telephone consultation



 
 





  to arrange a free 30 minute telephone assessment call 01525 862068 or
 click here 

 

 
 
 





© david brown 1998 -  | website design by  | terms & conditions 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.acceptreject read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept





















 


go to top




