


arizona pottery sells, outdoor concrete planters, frank lloyd wright planters, poly resin & sandstone planters, garden accessories & more. arizona pottery sells outdoor landscape planters & pottery at discounted pricing.






















































menu


planters

sandstone planters 
phoenix concrete planters 
frank lloyd wright planters 
poly resin planters 
head planters 


pot accessories

pot feet 
pedestals 
saucers & hose pot 
sub irrigation inserts 


water & fire

pool scupper pots 
fire bowls & tables 
fountains 


decor

spheres & finials 
statues 
animal statues 
birdbath & birdfeeders 
plaques 


tables & benches

table & bench sets 
benches 


other products

stepping stones & treads 
pier & wall caps 
trash & ash 
utility products 










 
 




 
 



















arizona pottery • concrete planters • sandstone pottery • pool scuppers
wholesale concrete, sandstone, poly resin pottery

							
							
							from durable concrete planters, lightweight poly resin commercial grade landscape containers, frank lloyd wright and sandstone pottery and statuary, arizona pottery has unique pieces you’ll fall in love with!

							
							
							arizona pottery is a supplier of landscape containers made of concrete, lightweight commercial grade poly resin, and sandstone.
							
							
							welcome to arizona pottery - your source of the most beautiful, colorful pieces of pottery arizona has to offer. we strive to find and supply unique styles and shapes that will make a statement in your home, landscape or garden areas. our vast collection of wholesale concrete, poly resin, sandstone all made in the u.s. now, any pottery styles or accessories these manufactures have to offer are only a click away!

planters
							
							
							shop the many sizes and shapes of indoor/outdoor garden planters and enjoy them at wholesale prices! you can find options available in concrete, polyresin, and sandstone. as some sizes and material types require special orders, call arizona pottery today for a free estimate!

pottery accessories
							
							
							arizona pottery is your one-stop shop for any saucers, pot feet, risers, and lifters you could ever need to maintain your indoor/outdoor landscape pottery. we offer quick shipping, so you don’t miss your plant’s budding schedule!

pool scuppers
							
							
							arizona pottery works with american artists who make elegant swimming pool bowls, also known as pool scuppers. these are pool fountain pieces that elevate your outdoor pool experience for beautiful, relaxing patio and pool enjoyment. with 3 distinctive styles and 13 color choices, our pool scupper pool bowls work with all landscape decors and styles. special order a gorgeous piece for your pool or patio renovation project today!

garden decor and animal pottery
							
							
							arizona pottery is more than your direct line to stunning imported pottery pieces. we also are your direct supplier of concrete planters & urns, sandstone pottery & window boxes, lightweight poly resin planters that are commercial grade, exclusive frank lloyd wright outdoor planters & statuary, garden benches, garden spheres, animal statues, and more. each piece is uniquely designed to add an extra level of personality to your outdoor space.

							
							
							our goal is to supply you unique, functional concrete, sandstone, resin, decorative pottery at wholesale prices. we work with pottery manufacturers across the united states. whatever your interests may be and whatever garden pottery needs you may have, our team will try to assist in any way possible. browse our online store today or contact us with any questions you may have!

							
							
							easy, safe, secure
							
							
							we make it easy for you to find the size, shape, and type that’s right for you! our quick add-to-cart feature makes your home and garden shopping faster and easier than ever before. your information is secure with our encrypted online checkout programs that are trusted by many other online retailers, including intel, hp, western union, and xerox. navigate our main sections to buy the pieces you need today!













toll:
1-800-420-1808


call:
1-602-795-3616


fax:
1-602-404-0055

blog
newsletter sign up



order information

order processing
shipping and damages
return policy
order status
international orders
credit card safety



business

about us
contact us
mission statement
wholesale inquires
vendor inquires
references













						copyright arizonapottery 2000-2025 all rights reserved.
 


