









sctrails

























 










find trails

about

resources

my trails








select page



 
 









 








search for trails






 




welcome to south carolina trails – your base for adventure.
 

south carolina offers hundreds of scenic trails and walking paths. find your favorite trail, path, or activity, with all the necessary information at your fingertips.
important notice
just as some of you have experienced in your own communities, our state parks have seen significant impacts from hurricane helene. as a result, the following parks are dealing with cleanup of trees and debris, are still without power and remain closed until further notice:
jones gap
the following parks are open with some closed areas:
caesars head (caesars head restrooms and overlook are open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. trail access is limited. the only trails that are cleared are: wildcat wayside, frank coggins and raven cliff to the overlook. trails are open from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m. all other trails remain closed.)
croft (the playground and most trails remain closed temporarily. please visit the maps and brochures section of our website to see which trails are currently open, and read the park news section of the croft website for more info.)

hamilton branch (open portions of the park include: campsites 1-60, the boat ramp and playground. the general store (park office & retail) will be open 9am-5pm, daily. all other campsites and picnic shelters will remain closed while cleanup continues.)
 

hickory knob (the following areas remain closed: 300 section of the lodge and 300 section dock, mt. carmel and mccormick rooms, skeet field/archery/axe throwing, and beaver run trail.)
kings mountain (some trails are open to the public. see trail map here.)
lake greenwood (open portions of the park include the campground, the drummond center, terraces, and wall, shelter 2 day-use area, and boat ramp. the following areas remain closed at this time; hiking trails, shelter 1 including the playground and fishing pier, shelter 2 bathroom and dock, and the areas of shelter 3 and 4.)
paris mountain (trail access is limited to hiking only.)
redcliffe plantation (ranger-guided house tours have resumed. these are by reservation only. there is no grounds access to the park.)
all south carolina state parks not listed above are open in some capacity. please check individual web pages for more info on open parks.
city and county parks
please note that many city and county parks are also closed in the aftermath of hurricane helene. we recommend contacting your local municipality or county office for the most up-to-date information before planning your visit.
sections of the palmetto trail will be closed until further notice, except for the following passages:
stumphouse
ross mountain
oconee
blue ridge electric co-op
roundtop mountain
saluda mountain
poinsett reservoir
peach country
peak to prosperity
ft jackson passage
high hills passage
awendaw passage
capital city passage
newberry passage
blackstock passage
lake moultrie passage
swamp fox passage
eutaw springs
hikers should use extra caution on these trails due to some trail tread damage from uprooted trees, smaller debris still on the trail, and the loss of trail blazes on some of the trees. 
for information on how to get involved and help to reopen the trail please go to palmettotrail.org. 
sc's smoke-free parks are a great destination for family health and fitness day
 
 
 


 

 

 


find trails

 
 
 





 
 
 
 






 


your base for adventure
 

© 2025 
.
 
 
 
   
 
 



designed by astronaut
 

 
   















