ï»¿


fine print press - home






 
 
 
 


 
contact us










 
 











						home
					 
 








 other books of interest










ordering information










law links



 



 
new books!
 

simple habits for success in college
 
 

simple habits for success in law school
 
 

secrets from a vetaran law professor
 
 

should i go?
 
 

an honest guide to law school
 
 

 
law school books (pre-law, college, reference)
 




        	your personal law school guide and mentor
        
 
 




        	the title says it all. the subtitle is the catch.
      
 
 




        	the guide to transferring to your dream law school.
        
 
 




        	for the nontraditional law student.
        
 
 




        	the comprehensive guide for all law students.
        
 





        	the essential guide to landing your perfect law job.
        

 

 
law practice guides
 




        	a no-nonsense guide for the new law firm associate.
        

 




        	a no-nonsense guide for the new law firm associate.
        

 




        	a no-nonsense approach to legal memoranda.
        

 

rules to negotiate by
 
 

 







        	thanks for stopping by our cyber-address here at the fine print press, an 
            independent publisher out here (in the real world) in honolulu, hawaii. 
        

        	the images on both sides are quick links to our latest flier in the pdf format.  
            take a look and feel free to contact us if you have any questions.
		










education and counseling (education), and non-law adventures





            	raising responsible, mature, and caring children through a junior counseling program.    	
    		






            	an american in africa...and the effort to save an endangered species.
            

 




		as you can see, our titles focus on legal education, law practice, and general 
        education, with the occasional adventure thrown in for good measure. 
        please click on any of the links 
        above to browse through the online descriptions. please also send us an 
        email (click on 
		
        contact us) with any 
        comments, questions, or concerns. 
	

		we've included links to other law sites, for which we receive no compensation. please click on 
		law links above.
	

		we've added a bonus: a list of hundreds of 
        law books (from other publishers, too) that should be of interest to 
        students, lawyers, and professors alike. the list is broken down into 
        phases of the lawyer life-cycle . . . from prelaw to law school to early 
        practice to establishing solid relationships with clients. we hope you 
        find it helpful. please email us with your suggested additions, and to see 
        the list please click on other books of interest here or above. 
    
 



home   |   other books of interest   |   ordering info   |   law links   |   contact us   |
           site map


	copyright fine print press 2011

 


