





high earth orbit - personal website of andrew turner. writings on geospatial collaboration, software engineering, washington d.c., and other individual musings.


























































skip to content




high earth orbit
personal website of andrew turner. writings on geospatial collaboration, software engineering, washington d.c., and other individual musings. 









home
hi, i’m andrew
articles
 






home
hi, i’m andrew
articles
 















 


geo technology 

announcing ai assistants for arcgis 

last week, i shared our work at esri adding generative ai to arcgis. over the past year, i’ve been leading a new arcgis hub ai assistant in close collaboration with the city of washington, dc to support easy access and understanding of open data about the city. this work builds from my talk at the […]


february 19, 2024march 1, 2024arcgis, arcgis hub, augmented reality, civic, conference 




 


geo 

back to baltimore for foss4g 

baltimore hosted the 2023 free + open source software for geospatial (foss4g) north america conference, a geeky tech gathering focused on mapping technology and an even more eclectic community. while i have attended many foss4g events since the first in 2006 in lausanne, switzerland it’s been a few years. it was terrific to see so many delightful people […]


november 4, 2023november 4, 2023conference, esri, open source 




 


geo technology 

geoai and the future of mapping 

i spoke at the u.s. national academies of science, engineering, and medicine on the rapid emergence of “geoai” and the potential future of mapping. in particular, i focused on “resiliency through accessibility” video link my primary premise is that ai is not new – but that ai has become a lot easier to use. it […]


may 22, 2023february 19, 20241 comment on geoai and the future of mappingai, generative ai, geoai 




 


technology 

the hidden costs of daylight saving time 

most people across the u.s. lost an hour of sleep last weekend. while the reason is the simple “spring forward” to daylight saving time (dst), there are also significant hidden costs to time changes which should make us all lose more sleep. dst is like a bad product manager in 1784, benjamin franklin suggested that […]


march 13, 2023march 13, 2023 




 


geo 

highlight government hubs at fedgis 2023 

esri recently hosted our annual federal gis conference. experts from across national, regional, and local governments attend to learn and share their work using spatial analysis to evaluate and implement effective policies. this was our largest ever conference, a welcome reconnection with people after a few years of the pandemic. the conference kicks off with […]


february 24, 2023february 24, 2023arcgis hub, civic, esri, open data 




 


local 

civic council game 

in october 2022, nick sementelli shared a concept that he and alex baca had conceived for experimenting with city council committees. this was a follow-on from our previous project for exploring neighborhood representatives and their stances on various policies. we developed a “fantasy council” game. anyone can design their own committees, choosing a chair, members […]


january 3, 2023january 3, 2023civic, code 




 


geo local technology 

understanding local elections 

interested in knowing who you can vote for in dc’s upcoming election? check out the new ggwash election visualization and how it was built.


september 28, 2022september 30, 20221 comment on understanding local electionscivic, dc, election, open data 




 


personal 

10 year esri-versary 

after 10 years at esri, i’m excited about what i’ve accomplished. and i’m looking forward to many more years.


july 11, 2022september 28, 2022 




 


reading 

engineering for birds 

“what it’s like to be a bird” is an interesting and well-illustrated dive into the biomechanics of birds.


may 17, 2021september 28, 2022birds, book, engineering 




 


geo technology 

charlottesville data bootcamp 

it was my pleasure to present at the charlottesville data bootcamp this friday. the town just recently launched their open data site and were eager to teach the community about what was available and hear feedback and ideas on what could be improved and extended. the event hosted about 70 people that varied across disciplines and experience. […]


september 22, 2017september 28, 2022government, open data 






← previous






about this site i’m andrew turner – a software systems engineer helping build the geospatial web.
i am the director of esri‘s r+d center in washington, dc and the cto for arcgis hub, a platform that makes it easy to share open data and grow community collaboration.
find me on mastodon at @ajturner@nullisland.social

socialtwitter
linkedin
my talks
flickr photos










recent posts


announcing ai assistants for arcgis


back to baltimore for foss4g


geoai and the future of mapping


the hidden costs of daylight saving time


highlight government hubs at fedgis 2023


categories

geo (14)

leadership (1)

local (3)

personal (2)

reading (1)

technology (23)

uncategorized (2)










				proudly powered by wordpress			
 | 
				theme: storybook by odiethemes.		









