





otti travel

















































home


about


services


contact




+90 554 386 41 44




















01/04                                

                                    we know your time is valuable, so our team is committed to providing you with the best travel experience possible, from before you book your holiday to after your journey has ended.                                








02/04                                

                                    vip transfer from airport in turkey to wherever you plan to visit by private helicopter.                                
contact








03/04                                

                                    proudly offers you the most unique way of visiting ephesus ancient city since 1998! all of our tours are private and special for you.                                
tour details








04/04                                

                                    the best hotel in turkey for your next vacation.                                
hotels










facebook
instagram








discover turkey on web
as otti travel, we have carried out works that shape the tourism sector, both in digital and real life, since 1998.
from our starting point, kuşadası, ephesus and izmir, we took part in the most exclusive destinations of turkey.
thanks to the original works we have done in digital, we have provided source information to tourist guides, tourists who will visit ephesus, and local companies. the websites established and developed by otti travel have an average of 150 thousand foreign visitors per month. we have provided all visitors with unique information that guides them on their holidays.
discover turkey in reality
and today, in 2022, otti travel continues its service with the best hotels, the best private transfer companies and the best guides all around turkey. since 1998, it continues to direct the tourism sector by adding strength to its knowledge, experience, hospitality and professionalism. private ephesus tour, most comfortable hotels in turkey, best activities to do in kusadasi, free city walking, private vehicle, private helicopter, luxury yacht, private photographer tours and more. 
















luxury travel




private tours

                                    otti travel organizes private tours for those who would like to get the most of everything and stay away from traveling in heaps.
carefully and sensitively selected guides, drivers and vehicles are at your service.                                





private transfers

                                    free waiting. free cancellation. excellent service 24/7. protect yourself. private transfer from izmir airport to kusadasi, bodrum airport to kusadasi.                                





%100 satisfaction

                                    otti travel private tours are criterion of quality and satisfaction, and clients who prefer this label ensures to make their day a memory of a lifetime.
thousands of people refer us to their friends and families and we do private tours with %100 satisfaction guarantee in all over turkey.                                





local guides

                                    our professional, licenced local guides are with you from the beginning of the tour to the end, and they are eager to share their knowledge about the place, as well as the aspects of it and turkish culture and lifestyle.                                





luxury travel

                                    luxury travel, luxury accommodation, luxury yacht tour and tailor-made private tours around turkey. everything is exactly as you planned.                                





helicopter transfer

                                    departure from santorini, mykonos, and bodrum to ephesus airport. from the aegean shores to the hills, a scenic flight over western turkey, visiting ephesus ancient city, and having local food and beverages at award-winning restaurants is an experience to cherish forever.                                











private ephesus tours






ephesus




wiht local guide








                            from the aegean shores to the hills, a scenic helicopter flight over western turkey, visiting ephesus ancient city, and having local food and beverages at the award-winning restaurant is a lifetime experience to cherish forever. possible departures are from bodrum, santorini or mykonos.                        
enquiry form











private

virgin mary tour




private

sirince tour




private

terrace house












private yacht


























                            the perfect cruiser series boat from bavaria yachts is a sailor’s dream. discover the world's most exclusive and tailored yacht charter experiences around the aegean coast. exclusive fleet of luxury yachts available for charter.                        
book now











private 

bodrum




private 

cesme




private 

greece




private 

istanbul




private 

antalya




private 

datca




private 

aegean coast












wedding ceremony






special




luxury wedding








                            otti travel plans your dream wedding. luxury service for your most special day! best hotels in turkey for your most special day. professional services, luxury places, unique prices. dream weddings. decoration & details. designing your wedding.                        
book now











helicopter

luxury




cappadocia

historical




sunset

romantic




ephesus

historical










go where the love is...







go where the love is
our hobbies increase our heart and soul enthusiasm. as otti travel, we are proud of being with you in all your travels made with love. since 1998, otti travel continues its existence with the best services to the most exclusive regions of turkey. our slogans is go where the love is! whenever you want we’re ready to go!









go where the love is
our hobbies increase our heart and soul enthusiasm. as otti travel, we are proud of being with you in all your travels made with love. since 1998, otti travel continues its existence with the best services to the most exclusive regions of turkey. our slogans is go where the love is! whenever you want we’re ready to go!








coustumer reviews







moglentours
 from tripadvisor



i am grateful.









                                        what an excellent place to visit. really nice ruins. uncovering new stuff to see. this was our second trip here bringing the mother-in-law this time. great trip. so close to kusadasi where we were staying.                                    







tina m
 from tripadvisor



private ephesus tour









                                        otti travel understands customer service. we booked based on trip advisor reviews and we could not be happier. it took mere minutes to book a private tour for our family for next day. our guide banu was so knowledgeable and very sweet. she shared historical and important information, ans then let us have time to see the sights on our own.                                    







callatis world
 from tripadvisor



amazing tour









                                        beautiful pleaces for christianity pray area also you can sightseen historical pleaces never seen before. greek mpnumental and meöorial pleaces everywhere. if you want to visit ephesus you can come from kusadasi turkey. also near from the izmir airport.                                    










your personal transfer

free waiting. free cancellation. excellent service 24/7. protect yourself. private transfer from izmir airport to kusadasi, bodrum airport to kusadasi, izmir port to ephesus, bodrum port to ephesus or wherever you plan to visit. a private transfer is your own private vehicle, offering a faster journey and flexible pick-up times. travel in style in a private vehicle. 
contact now
















dag mah. m. esat bozkurt cd no:1 d:4 kusadasi/aydin


phone
+90 554 386 41 44


e-mail
info@ottitravel.com













design by 
















