 home - ormond beach chamber of commerce                    
 skip to content   menu the chamberboard of directorsabout usambassador committeepartnersstaffcontact usmembershipmember applicationmember mapmembership benefitshot dealsmember-to-member dealsmember loginevents/programssignature events & programschamber calendarcommunity calendarvisitor informationwelcome to ormond beachweatherinformation requestlodgingdiningreal estatebusiness resourcesresourcesjob postingswhat’s new   menu the chamberboard of directorsabout usambassador committeepartnersstaffcontact usmembershipmember applicationmember mapmembership benefitshot dealsmember-to-member dealsmember loginevents/programssignature events & programschamber calendarcommunity calendarvisitor informationwelcome to ormond beachweatherinformation requestlodgingdiningreal estatebusiness resourcesresourcesjob postingswhat’s new welcome to the ormond beachchamber of commercewe serve the community by advocating for businesses, developing leaders and promoting economic growth.    address card icon  directory    pencil icon  join    lock icon  login    calendar icon  eventswe value branding, relevance, advocacy, leadership and support.       why join the chamber?chamber investment perks for you and your employees:learning opportunitiesincreased backingpowerful credibility and a sense of communitya group with shared interestsaffordable advertising opportunities  view member benefits explore the areaormond beach is the crown jewel of volusia county and is rich with history, natural beauty, and a thriving business community. see what makes our community so great!   shopping    dining    lodging    attractions    health & wellness    real estate   view directory  mark your calendar class xxi now accepting applications for     leadership class 21step into your future with confidence as we support your journey towards professional excellence. this is your opportunity to turn your ambitions into reality – apply now and unlock your full potential!applications due february 21  view application  economic prosperity hourthis program is held 6 times a year beginning in february ( 3rd wednesday every other month) from 8:00 to 9:00 am and is designed to give informational briefings on our economy from  industry experts.  the program also features a speaker related to economic development of advocacy.check out the calendar for dates.  view calendar  upcoming events  chamber partners   volusia memorial park and funeral home    security first insurance    foundation risk partners    smart title services    bowman painting    chiumento law    raposa perry young    money pages    south state bank    observer    advent health    daytona auto mall    morgan stanley    blossom dental    ameris bank    seacoast bank    city of ormond beach    wire3   keke's next previous © 2025 ormond beach chamber of commerce  |  site by growthzone get in touch!      386. 677.3454     map and address   165 w. granada blvd, ormond beach, fl 32174     email   info@ormondchamber.com  additional resourcesfaqprivacy policyterms and conditions stay connected!    facebook      linked in       youtube      instagram icon    © 2025 ormond beach chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top                


