










aurora catering's home cookin' page




welcome to:

chef 
emile laurent stieffel 
iii'shome cookin' page


here is where cajun and creole cooking meet the internet
and now the universe!! aurora catering, inc. since 1999, (and as custom catering in the mid 80's) 
is located in the new orleans area,
and has offered its customers the highest quality authentic - traditional
- award winning cajun and creole cooking available anywhere!
 
count 'em, three trophies!!!! 

we competed at the 
louisiana tailgate and bbq festival!   we won first in all three 
competitions!  

(thanks 
to photographer and great friend, frank stansbury for the great pic!!)

louisiana seafood promotion and marketing board, fried soft 
shelled crawfish demo!


louisiana seafood promotion and marketing board, "get seen, get seafood" cooking 
competition


louisiana tailgate and bbq 
taste of the tailgate cookoff and ultimate tailgate competition



it’s a throwdown!! ..... soooo ... bring it on!!


 
"the best of the bayou"  
(that is what they called me!!) 
was challenged by bobby flay in his show on the 

 
food network, the challenge was a "jambalaya jam!"

at the end of the 
show bobby called me the 
"jambalaya king" wow, what a fantastic honor! 
follow 
up comments about the show  more
photos of the jambalaya jam!!!
see what the

 has 
to say about the throwdown! and about my son,
emile laurent iv. 

wow! this is what the

 has written 
about emile laurent iv's cooking and awards!!! what a great
article and pic too!

different spellings!




i 
have traveled several times to the southwest minnesota state university (smsu), 
this photo album is all about my chronicles. 

click here to check out my journeys to the frozen tundra of smsu! 
 



star 
parties!!!    introducing 
our newest catered party!!! see the universe and eat some cajun and creole 
delicacies at the same time!! we will supply our awesome 
meade lx200 12" 
telescope!
 



cajun and creole recipes

- these are some of my aurora catering's recipes, i have 
developed these to cook our 
style of south louisiana cuisine.  if you would notice, i use salt sparingly.  
so to augment  that perceptive loss, i try to incorporate fresh herbs and seasonings 
whenever possible.  this is the true beauty of our cooking.  (be careful...
these quantities are quite large and might be a little spicy!!)

 


mardi 
gras parade and party recipes   these 
are recipes and tips that new orleansians use when they are planning a party at 
their house or food and drink brought to the parade route!

 
 


these 
are our gross halloween recipes for that special harry scary party. we're 
cooking kitty litter box cake, dem bones, and others!!! (just click on the 
pumpkin head) or go to our 
scary gross halloween recipes page.
 
 


check 
out my new! cajun and creole - christmas - thanksgiving 

and all of the
holiday recipes.  since katrina, 
so many people want to do a traditional down the bayou family dinner no matter 
where you are! this is how we do it in south louisiana.  i have included 
"tips" that will help you in your planning.
 



our newest list of catering recipes are south of the 
boarder inspired! .... since katrina new orleans has had a tremendous infusion 
of latin workers, soooo, many new latin restaurants have popped up, and i try to 
frequent them all!! these are my twist on their food offerings.
 

easter 
follows mardi gras and so do our special cajun and creole easter holiday 
recipes!  the catholic religion is alive and well in south louisiana and is 
the basics for many of our traditions.  we gather with family and friends 
for holy week and especially on easter sunday.  wanta see what our 
family cooks?? wanta cook our style foods?? 
it is just a click away!



 

here are some middle eastern recipes that i 
have developed. they are traditional in preparation and function, but have some 
creole and cajun flavors added! 
(gif courtesy of linda sawaya and saudi 
aramco world)
 


 
just click the button! from government canyon, texas; palm springs california to 
the swamps of louisiana via jean lafitte national park and preserve; and hopefully more!
have pot, will 
travel!!

 that’s right, i have 
catered parties from phoenix 
arizona's "the great cajun crawfish boil", miami's rod and 
reel club, 
southwest minnesota state university, to california's 
pga west 
(and see the letter of 
reference), 
from philadelphia's wharton school 
, emerald mountain, alabama 
, columbia, south carolina and to wtamu

(for the inauguration of president pat o'brien), and beaucoup points in between!

i bring traditional authentic 
cajun and creole food to the nation! sooooo, if you want
throwdown jambalaya, 
seafood gumbo, 
alligator sauce picquanté, 
crawfish, chaudin, tasso, etouffee or any other south louisiana dish just 
email 
or call me (504) 329-1344 and let’s chat!


off-premise catering capabilities - a brief description of some of
new orleans best event and party locations. also, information about our
travels around the united states and the world!



tourist and convention catering - information and ideas from ice breaker
to wrap-up parties, including luncheons, swamp tours, cajun fais do-do,
spouse parties, crawfish boils, in-booth demonstrations and more....
take a look at our pics from the
iacp gumbo giveback
outdoors
- information on bar-b-ques and picnics, cochon de lait (roast suckling
pig) festivals, outdoor weddings, seafood boils and fries, cajun fais do-do's
(late night parties) and much more.


elegant weddings - silver service awaits you with our many years of
experience and attention to detail.



food and service descriptions - 
a partial list (500+) of aurora catering's
menu items and capabilities. 




personal info
- all about chef emile l. stieffel iii: resume, awards,
references, photo albums, pbs tv cooking series, and my new
trail hiking logs. check 'em out!!


ya know ya from n'awlins when... things only natives know! this is probably 
the hidden gem of my website, i get more emails from this link from natives then 
anywhere else on my site.

new orleans stuff - some interesting web sites about our community.



additional services - aurora catering offers its customers dj services,
mojo catering company in 
richmond, kentucky!, rockin' jake in new orleans,
rockin' jake blues band website, and ladybug 
cakes

the 
"official" house chili 

was cooked by chef emile stieffel of aurora catering. we are also very proud to have our competition pot of chili 
that was 
awarded a top five finalist in the guest division in the
2005, 2006 and 
2008!!!
chili recipe! 
cookin' cajun country store - want some real new orleans hats, aprons,
t-shirts and stuff? check us out.





 

the chef ricky lorusso photo 
album and "ho" house



web friends! our newest photo 
album.  many people have asked me "how to's?" and tips about cajun and 
creole cooking this album is dedicated to their sharing pics and comments! 


 
check out some of our
newest off-premise events  ,  
or our earlier
off-premise catered events and photo album 1 
(photo album 1 got tooooo large!)


 we try to be active in 
our community, see our  
newest donations and events photo album, for older
donations 
and events photo album!



 thank you letters, 
certificates and acknowledgements. 




visit 
my facebook page....
 looking for 
something?? this will find it within my site!
















 www 
 chef emile's home cookin' 
page


 


contact us for further details....chefemile@customcatering.net

chef emile l. stieffel, aurora catering, inc. email
address: 
chefemile@customcatering.net
4016 red cypress dr., harvey, la 70058
copyright © 1995 -2019 [aurora catering, inc].
all rights reserved.
revised: january 19, 2019 

go to logos
this page has been visited
 




